Input: Howard Mosher , president and chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Howard Mosher , president , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Far Eastern markets ." , " Howard Mosher , chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Far Eastern markets ." , " Howard Mosher , chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Europe ." COORDINATION(" Howard Mosher , president , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain ." , " Howard Mosher , president , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Europe ." ))
Input: Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said ." COORDINATION(" Investors had until today to comment on the proposals , Mr. Lane said ." , " money managers had until today to comment on the proposals , Mr. Lane said ." , " corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , Mr. Lane said ." ))
Input: The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as sales , marketing , finance and research and development , Mr. Lane said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as sales , Mr. Lane said ." , " The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as marketing , Mr. Lane said ." , " The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as finance , Mr. Lane said ." COORDINATION(" The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as research , Mr. Lane said ." , " The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as development , Mr. Lane said ." ))
Input: The Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a stock and bond fund that will invest in socially responsible companies , and a bond fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Teachers Insurance Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a bond fund ." , " The Teachers Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a bond fund ." , " The Teachers Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a stock fund that will invest in socially responsible companies ." COORDINATION(" The Teachers Insurance Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a stock fund that will invest in socially responsible companies ." , " The Teachers Insurance Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a bond fund that will invest in socially responsible companies ." ))
Input: The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bond fund will invest in mortgages ." , " The bond fund will invest in asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities ." COORDINATION(" The bond fund will invest in high-grade bonds ." , " The bond fund will invest in medium-grade bonds ." ))
Input: The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions and splendidly interprets fearsome contemporary scores and does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart and Strauss concertos over and over again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions fearsome contemporary scores , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart concertos over again ." , " The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart concertos over again ." , " The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart concertos over again ." , " The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Strauss concertos over again ." , " The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions fearsome contemporary scores , so he does n't have to play the same Strauss concertos over again ." , " The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Strauss concertos over again ." COORDINATION(" The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions fearsome contemporary scores , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart concertos over again ." , " The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He splendidly interprets fearsome contemporary scores , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart concertos over again ." ))
Input: Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the missionary work -LRB- though a touch of the old Tashi still survives -RRB- and now goes on the road with piano , bass , a slide show , and a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop , with a few notable exceptions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the missionary work -LRB- though a touch of the old Tashi still survives -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Today , the pixie-like clarinetist goes on the road with piano ." , " Today , the pixie-like clarinetist goes on the road with bass ." , " Today , the pixie-like clarinetist goes on the road with a slide show ." , " Today , the pixie-like clarinetist goes on the road with a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop , with a few notable exceptions ." ))
Input: Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : jazz bassist Eddie Gomez ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer ." , " Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , an old buddy from Yale ." ))
Input: Mr. Stoltzman tied the composer in by proclaiming him the great improviser of the 18th century , and then built on the image by joining with Mr. Douglas in some Bach two-part inventions , cleverly arranged for clarinet and bassoon by Mr. Douglas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Stoltzman tied the composer in by proclaiming him the great improviser of the 18th century ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Stoltzman built on the image by joining with Mr. Douglas in some Bach two-part inventions , cleverly arranged for clarinet by Mr. Douglas ." , " Mr. Stoltzman built on the image by joining with Mr. Douglas in some Bach two-part inventions , cleverly arranged for bassoon by Mr. Douglas ." ))
Input: Keeping the mood light , the two then chanted and chortled their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques , and then , with Mr. Gomez , soared and improvised on the composer 's tight Bebop Etudes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Keeping the mood light , the two then with Mr. Gomez , soared ." , " Keeping the mood light , the two then with Mr. Gomez , improvised on the composer 's tight Bebop Etudes ." COORDINATION(" Keeping the mood light , the two then chanted their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques ." , " Keeping the mood light , the two then chortled their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques ." ))
Input: It was all too mellow to be believed , but they probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins 's signature tune , Amazing Grace , and ask for audience participation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It was all too mellow to be believed ." COORDINATION(" they probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins 's signature tune , Amazing Grace , ." , " they probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to ask for audience participation ." ))
Input: It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club ." COORDINATION(" like the first half , much of it was easy to take ." , " like the first half , much of it was ultimately forgettable ." ))
Input: The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds ." COORDINATION(" The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants ." , " The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were ejected from France ." ))
Input: Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture ." COORDINATION(" Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights division ." , " Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the peace division ." ))
Input: This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This can have its purposes at times ." , " there 's no reason to cloud the allure of Western concepts of justice ." COORDINATION(" there 's no reason to cloud the importance of Western concepts of freedom ." , " there 's no reason to cloud the importance of Western concepts of justice ." COORDINATION(" there 's no reason to cloud the allure of Western concepts of freedom ." )))
Input: Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated ." COORDINATION(" Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then allowed to mature ." , " Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then allowed to produce seed ." ))
Input: The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The laws of heredity dictate that half will be male fertile ." , " The laws of heredity dictate that half will be herbicide susceptible ." COORDINATION(" The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile ." , " The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be herbicide resistant ." ))
Input: He said the company is experimenting with the technique on alfalfa , and plans to include cotton and corn , among other crops .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said the company is experimenting with the technique on alfalfa ." COORDINATION(" He said the company plans to include cotton , among other crops ." , " He said the company plans to include corn , among other crops ." ))
Input: But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs ." COORDINATION(" But there have been concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans ." , " But there have been concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to animals ." , " But there have been concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to beneficial insects ." ))
Input: I think it would be irresponsible and I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks or any other international interests .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think it would be irresponsible ." COORDINATION(" I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks ." , " I am not about to be blackmailed by any other international interests ." ))
Input: Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , captain the opposing sides ." COORDINATION(" Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides ." , " Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides ." ))
Input: He will be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He will be in charge of the syndicate operation of Rothschild ." COORDINATION(" He will be in charge of research ." , " He will be in charge of equity sales ." , " He will be in charge of trading ." ))
Input: Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries , a cable television contract and even expansion plans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , complete with good salaries ." , " Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , complete with a cable television contract ." , " Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , complete with even expansion plans ." COORDINATION(" Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis tours ." , " Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior golf tours ." ))
Input: But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , and relive old duels in the sun , it 's clear that most are there to make their fans cheer again or recapture the camaraderie of seasons past or prove to themselves and their colleagues that they still have it -- or something close to it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , it 's clear that most are there to make their fans cheer again ." , " But as they relive old duels in the sun , it 's clear that most are there to make their fans cheer again ." , " But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , it 's clear that most are there to recapture the camaraderie of seasons past ." , " But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , it 's clear that most are there to prove to their colleagues that they still have something close to it ." COORDINATION(" But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , it 's clear that most are there to prove to themselves that they still have it ." , " But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , it 's clear that most are there to prove to themselves that they still have something close to it ." COORDINATION(" But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , it 's clear that most are there to prove to their colleagues that they still have it ." )))
Input: Erwin Tomash , the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products and a former chairman and chief executive , resigned as a director .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Erwin Tomash , the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products , resigned as a director ." COORDINATION(" Erwin Tomash , a former chairman , resigned as a director ." , " Erwin Tomash , a former chief executive , resigned as a director ." ))
Input: Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington , but were lower in Seoul .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stocks were lower in Seoul ." COORDINATION(" Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong ." , " Stocks closed higher in Manila ." , " Stocks closed higher in Singapore ." , " Stocks closed higher in Sydney ." , " Stocks closed higher in Wellington ." ))
Input: The state agency 's figures confirm previous estimates and leave the index at 178.9 , up from 178.5 in August and 173.1 a year earlier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The state agency 's figures confirm previous estimates ." COORDINATION(" The state agency 's figures leave the index at 178.9 , up from 178.5 in August ." , " The state agency 's figures leave the index at 178.9 , up from 173.1 a year earlier ." ))
Input: Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer , both newly created posts , and a director , filling a vacancy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named a director , filling a vacancy ." COORDINATION(" Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named executive vice president , both newly created posts , ." , " Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named chief operating officer , both newly created posts , ." ))
Input: I was a last-minute -LRB- read interloping -RRB- attendee at a French journalism convention and so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was a last-minute -LRB- read interloping -RRB- attendee at a French journalism convention ." COORDINATION(" so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating ." , " so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by drinking ." , " so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by smoking ." , " so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by sleeping ." , " so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by drinking ." ))
Input: The diners at my table simply lit more Gauloises and scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go golfing or even montgolfing -LRB- ballooning to you ; the brothers Montgolfier , French of course , were the world 's first hot-air balloonists -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The diners at my table simply lit more Gauloises ." COORDINATION(" The diners at my table scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go golfing ." , " The diners at my table scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go montgolfing -LRB- ballooning to you ; the brothers Montgolfier , French of course , were the world 's first hot-air balloonists -RRB- ." ))
Input: Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts ." COORDINATION(" Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda ." , " Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Garfield ." , " Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble a 12-story-high condom ." ))
Input: You can go only up or down -LRB- by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot -RRB- and ride the air currents .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You can ride the air currents ." COORDINATION(" You can go only up -LRB- by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot -RRB- ." , " You can go only down -LRB- by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot -RRB- ." ))
Input: We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground , punching all the air out of it , rolling it up and cramming it and the basket into the trailer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of yanking the balloon to the ground ." , " We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of punching all the air out of it ." , " We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of rolling it up ." COORDINATION(" We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of cramming it into the trailer ." , " We finally rendezvoused with our balloon , which had come to rest on a dirt road amid a clutch of Epinalers who watched us disassemble our craft -- another half-an-hour of non-flight activity -- that included the precision routine of cramming the basket into the trailer ." ))
Input: Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ." , " Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ." , " Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ." COORDINATION(" Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance ." , " Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also chief financial officer ." COORDINATION(" Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers department ." , " Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the acquisitions department ." )))
Input: The dispute over that issue , according to one U.S. official , is a potential treaty stopper , and only President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dispute over that issue , according to one U.S. official , is a potential treaty stopper ." COORDINATION(" only President Bush may be able to resolve it ." , " only Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it ." ))
Input: Mr. Agnelli and the Aga Khan also have some business ties , and a spokesman for the Agnelli company did n't rule out that the current agreement could lead to further collaboration .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" a spokesman for the Agnelli company did n't rule out that the current agreement could lead to further collaboration ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Agnelli also have some business ties ." , " the Aga Khan also have some business ties ." ))
Input: In the Senate , Edward Kennedy -LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of the Labor Committee , and Pete Domenici , -LRB- R. , N.M . -RRB- ranking minority member of the Budget Committee , have been working on a compromise , and their soundings showed that the Senate appeared to be heading toward enough strength to override another Bush veto , a Democratic staff official said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" their soundings showed that the Senate appeared to be heading toward enough strength to override another Bush veto , a Democratic staff official said ." COORDINATION(" In the Senate , Edward Kennedy -LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of the Labor Committee , have been working on a compromise ." , " In the Senate , Pete Domenici , -LRB- R. , N.M . -RRB- ranking minority member of the Budget Committee , have been working on a compromise ." ))
Input: Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's first-mortgage bonds and secured pollution-control bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; unsecured pollution-control bonds to Baa-1 from single-A-3 ; preferred stock to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ; two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 , and the unit 's rating for commercial paper to Prime-2 from Prime-1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" unsecured pollution-control bonds to Baa-1 from single-A-3 ." , " preferred stock to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ." , " a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ." , " two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ." , " the unit 's rating for commercial paper to Prime-2 from Prime-1 ." COORDINATION(" Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's first-mortgage bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ." , " Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's secured pollution-control bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ." ))
Input: For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards ." COORDINATION(" For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring products ." , " For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , building products ." ))
Input: Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion , and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion ." COORDINATION(" Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong names ." , " Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Evans-Black names ." COORDINATION(" Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has economies of scale ." )))
Input: These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods ." , " These include lead times on vendor deliveries ." , " These include backlogs of orders for durable goods ." COORDINATION(" These include orders for new plant ." , " These include orders for new equipment ." ))
Input: He once described himself as a Berkeley Hippie , and played the role well ; obligatory ragged jeans , a thicket of long hair and rejection of all things conventional , including , for a time at least , formal marriage to his sweetheart , Martha Matthews .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He once described himself as a Berkeley Hippie ." COORDINATION(" He once played the role well ; obligatory ragged jeans ." , " He once played the role well ; a thicket of long hair ." , " He once played the role well ; rejection of all things conventional , including , for a time at least , formal marriage to his sweetheart , Martha Matthews ." ))
Input: The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of selling it to the Soviet KGB ." COORDINATION(" The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. ." , " The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in Europe ." ))
Input: He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files ." COORDINATION(" the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected ." , " the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected ." ))
Input: The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files ." , " The hacker was using other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by national security agencies ." COORDINATION(" The hacker was using Berkeley as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military ." , " The hacker was using Berkeley as stepping stones to the network of computers used by national security agencies ." COORDINATION(" The hacker was using other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military ." )))
Input: Sony Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. and Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers and companies such as Japan 's NEC Corp. and West Germany 's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips under license .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" companies such as Japan 's NEC Corp. have agreed to make Mips chips under license ." , " companies such as West Germany 's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips under license ." COORDINATION(" Sony Corp. have agreed to sell MIPS computers ." , " Tandem Computers Inc. have agreed to sell MIPS computers ." , " Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers ." ))
Input: The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge sick S&Ls and their assets , but that is a net cost .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to merge their assets ." , " that is a net cost ." COORDINATION(" The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell sick S&Ls ." , " The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell their assets ." COORDINATION(" The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to merge sick S&Ls ." )))
Input: He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would distort the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash ." COORDINATION(" the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would distort the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman ." , " the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would distort the budget process by requiring either big increases in the budget deficit ." ))
Input: Many in the Bay Area 's pastry community express disbelief that Ms. Shere kept only one copy of such valuable notes , but she has received moral support from Baker 's Dozen , a group of California pastry chefs that meets regularly to discuss issues like how to keep meringues from weeping and how bovine eating habits affect butter texture .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many in the Bay Area 's pastry community express disbelief that Ms. Shere kept only one copy of such valuable notes ." COORDINATION(" she has received moral support from Baker 's Dozen , a group of California pastry chefs that meets regularly to discuss issues like how to keep meringues from weeping ." , " she has received moral support from Baker 's Dozen , a group of California pastry chefs that meets regularly to discuss issues like how bovine eating habits affect butter texture ." ))
Input: Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue rent and mortgage payments and repay $ 1.1 million in funds that HealthVest advanced for construction work on facilities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would repay $ 1.1 million in funds that HealthVest advanced for construction work on facilities ." COORDINATION(" Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue rent payments ." , " Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue mortgage payments ." ))
Input: Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery loaned Healthcare $ 9 million ." COORDINATION(" Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock for $ 500,000 ." , " Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased warrants for $ 500,000 ." ))
Input: But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king ." COORDINATION(" But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be an arrogant one ." , " But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be an abusive one ." ))
Input: Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he owned a secret and illegal interest in a beer distributorship ; plotted hidden ownership interests in real estate that presented an alleged conflict of interest ; set up a dummy corporation to buy a car and obtain insurance for his former girlfriend -LRB- now his second wife -RRB- ; and maintained 54 accounts in six banks in Cambria County .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he plotted hidden ownership interests in real estate that presented an alleged conflict of interest ." , " Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he maintained 54 accounts in six banks in Cambria County ." COORDINATION(" Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he set up a dummy corporation to buy a car for his former girlfriend -LRB- now his second wife -RRB- ." , " Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he set up a dummy corporation to obtain insurance for his former girlfriend -LRB- now his second wife -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he owned a secret interest in a beer distributorship ." , " Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he owned a illegal interest in a beer distributorship ." )))
Input: Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him to and from work , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts , Dixie and Husky .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bailiffs claimed they were required to mow his lawn ." , " Bailiffs claimed they were required to chop his wood ." , " Bailiffs claimed they were required to fix his car ." COORDINATION(" Bailiffs claimed they were required to drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts , Dixie ." , " Bailiffs claimed they were required to drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts , Husky ." COORDINATION(" Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him to work ." , " Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him from work ." )))
Input: He blames the indictment on local political feuding , unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse 's docket and a vendetta by state investigators and prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He blames the indictment on local political feuding ." , " He blames the indictment on unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse 's docket ." COORDINATION(" He blames the indictment on a vendetta by state investigators angered by some of his rulings against them ." , " He blames the indictment on a vendetta by state prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them ." ))
Input: As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers think twice before appealing a judge 's ruling , are reluctant to mount , or even support , challenges against him for re-election and are usually loath to file complaints that might impugn a judge 's integrity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers think twice before appealing a judge 's ruling ." , " As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers are usually loath to file complaints that might impugn a judge 's integrity ." COORDINATION(" As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers are reluctant to mount , challenges against him for re-election ." , " As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers are reluctant to support , challenges against him for re-election ." ))
Input: I await his sequel : the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area and the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I await his sequel : the outstanding work of the local governments there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in ." , " I await his sequel : the outstanding work of the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in ." COORDINATION(" I await his sequel : the economic resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in ." , " I await his sequel : the social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in ." ))
Input: Please make me and thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels , and increase your use of recycled paper .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Please increase your use of recycled paper ." COORDINATION(" Please make me more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels ." , " Please make thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels ." ))
Input: Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market ." COORDINATION(" Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which the company said would be used for acquisitions ." , " Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which the company said would be used for other general corporate purposes ." ))
Input: The Series 1989 A bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Series 1989 A bonds are insured ." COORDINATION(" The Series 1989 A bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's ." , " The Series 1989 A bonds are rated triple-A by S&P ." ))
Input: The Series 1989 B bonds are uninsured and rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Series 1989 B bonds are uninsured ." COORDINATION(" The Series 1989 B bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's ." , " The Series 1989 B bonds are rated double-A by S&P ." ))
Input: The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bonds are insured ." COORDINATION(" The bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's ." , " The bonds are rated triple-A by S&P ." ))
Input: John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman , said the acquisition will extend EG&G 's core technologies ." , " John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chief executive , said the acquisition will extend EG&G 's core technologies ." , " John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman , said the acquisition will strengthen its position in the European Economic Community ." , " John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chief executive , said the acquisition will assure a strength in the Eastern European market ." COORDINATION(" John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman , said the acquisition will assure a strength in the Eastern European market ." , " John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman , said the acquisition will assure a presence in the Eastern European market ." ))
Input: Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose $ 200,000 in English pottery ." , " Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose a Colorado condominium ." , " Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS ." COORDINATION(" Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil properties ." , " Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain gas properties ." ))
Input: As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , now flow into Japanese hands ." , " As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands ." COORDINATION(" As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , now flow into Japanese hands ." , " As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by Fannie Mae , now flow into Japanese hands ." ))
Input: Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , ." , " Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had for libel against two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express ." ))
Input: Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 8.5 million -RRB- from Canadian Express and Hees executives Manfred Walt and Willard L'Heureux .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 8.5 million -RRB- from Canadian Express ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 8.5 million -RRB- from Hees executives Manfred Walt ." , " Mr. Blair said his libel suit seeks 10 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 8.5 million -RRB- from Hees executives Willard L'Heureux ." ))
Input: Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council ." COORDINATION(" Those who have no money think it 's right to refrain , says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council ." , " Those who are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council ." ))
Input: Secondly , the two companies found a similarity in their business and development philosophies and intend to cooperate in a range of activities from real estate to telecommunications .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Secondly , the two companies intend to cooperate in a range of activities from real estate to telecommunications ." COORDINATION(" Secondly , the two companies found a similarity in their business philosophies ." , " Secondly , the two companies found a similarity in their development philosophies ." ))
Input: Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber ." , " the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Jon Peters ." COORDINATION(" Time Warner Inc. may be today 's public enemies ." , " Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies ." ))
Input: The two sides in the legal battle have hurled accusations of duplicity at each other for weeks , and both Warner and Sony have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The two sides in the legal battle have hurled accusations of duplicity at each other for weeks ." COORDINATION(" both Warner have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business ." , " both Sony have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business ." ))
Input: Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks vicious and his claims reckless , irresponsible and baseless , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Ross , who will be chairman of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan ." , " Mr. Ross , who will be co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan ." , " Mr. Ross , who will be co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , called his claims baseless , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Ross , who will be chairman of Time Warner after the merger is complete , called his claims baseless , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan ." , " Mr. Ross , who will be chairman of Time Warner after the merger is complete , called his claims reckless , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan ." , " Mr. Ross , who will be chairman of Time Warner after the merger is complete , called his claims irresponsible , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Ross , who will be chairman of Time Warner after the merger is complete , called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks vicious , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan ." )))
Input: Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , were never directly drawn into the fray ." COORDINATION(" Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo ." , " Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo ." ))
Input: Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary paid $ 500,000 in fines ." COORDINATION(" Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions ." , " Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of tax evasion ." ))
Input: To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies ." COORDINATION(" To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari units are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies ." , " To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Monet units are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies ." ))
Input: Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Procter & Gamble Co. recently does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. ." COORDINATION(" Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide , in Canada , ." , " Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Mr. Clean , in Canada , ." ))
Input: The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error ." COORDINATION(" The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps properly for takeoff ." , " The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's slats properly for takeoff ." ))
Input: For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as the former New Yorker Hotel and its adjacent Manhattan Center ; a fishing\/processing conglomerate with branches in Alaska , Massachusetts , Virginia and Louisiana ; a former Christian Brothers monastery and the Seagram family mansion -LRB- both picturesquely situated on the Hudson River -RRB- ; shares in banks from Washington to Uruguay ; a motion picture production company , and newspapers , such as the Washington Times , the New York City Tribune -LRB- originally the News World -RRB- , and the successful Spanish-language Noticias del Mundo .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as shares in banks from Washington to Uruguay ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as a motion picture production company ." COORDINATION(" For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as newspapers , such as the Washington Times ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as newspapers , such as the New York City Tribune -LRB- originally the News World -RRB- ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as newspapers , such as the successful Spanish-language Noticias del Mundo ." COORDINATION(" For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as a former Christian Brothers monastery -LRB- both picturesquely situated on the Hudson River -RRB- ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as the Seagram family mansion -LRB- both picturesquely situated on the Hudson River -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as a fishing\/processing conglomerate with branches in Alaska ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as a fishing\/processing conglomerate with branches in Massachusetts ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as a fishing\/processing conglomerate with branches in Virginia ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as a fishing\/processing conglomerate with branches in Louisiana ." COORDINATION(" For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as the former New Yorker Hotel ." , " For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as its adjacent Manhattan Center ." )))))
Input: Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most were obtained with minimum cash downpayments ." , " Most were obtained with sizable mortgages ." COORDINATION(" Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea ." , " Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from Japan ." ))
Input: Those teams of young fund-raisers selling flowers , peanuts or begging outright at traffic intersections brought in somewhere near $ 20 million a year during the mid-to-late 1970s , but those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of Mr. Moon 's lavish international conferences , speaking tours , and assorted land buys .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of Mr. Moon 's lavish international conferences ." , " those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of speaking tours ." , " those revenues were a pittance compared to the costs of assorted land buys ." COORDINATION(" Those teams of young fund-raisers selling flowers , peanuts brought in somewhere near $ 20 million a year during the mid-to-late 1970s ." , " Those teams of young fund-raisers begging outright at traffic intersections brought in somewhere near $ 20 million a year during the mid-to-late 1970s ." ))
Input: Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , The World and I and Insight , which are a further drain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , Insight , which are a further drain ." COORDINATION(" Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , The World , which are a further drain ." , " Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , I , which are a further drain ." ))
Input: Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whatever respectability the publications bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals ." , " Whatever ties to opinion-makers the publications bring really are salvage -- not the ones for which he will have to settle ." , " Whatever respectability the publications bring really are salvage -- not the ones for which he will have to settle ." , " Whatever respectability the conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals ." , " Whatever ties to intellectuals the conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals ." , " Whatever respectability the conferences bring really are salvage -- not the ones for which he will have to settle ." COORDINATION(" Whatever ties to intellectuals the publications bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals ." , " Whatever ties to opinion-makers the publications bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals ." ))
Input: Mr. Shupe is co-author -LRB- with David G. Bromley -RRB- of Moonies in America : Cult , Church , and Crusade and Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Shupe is co-author -LRB- with David G. Bromley -RRB- of Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Shupe is co-author -LRB- with David G. Bromley -RRB- of Moonies in America : Cult ." , " Mr. Shupe is co-author -LRB- with David G. Bromley -RRB- of Moonies in America : Church ." , " Mr. Shupe is co-author -LRB- with David G. Bromley -RRB- of Moonies in America : Crusade ." ))
Input: Manville and the trust are discussing the offer , but no decision has been made .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" no decision has been made ." COORDINATION(" Manville are discussing the offer ." , " the trust are discussing the offer ." ))
Input: Pravda gave no estimate for overall unemployment but said an Association of the Unemployed has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets , or 17 % of the work force .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pravda gave no estimate for overall unemployment ." COORDINATION(" Pravda said an Association of the Unemployed has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets ." , " Pravda said an Association of the Unemployed has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 17 % of the work force ." ))
Input: The committee is formulating Hong Kong 's constitution for when it reverts to Chinese control in 1997 , and Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they abandon their antagonistic stand against the Chinese government and their attempt to nullify the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The committee is formulating Hong Kong 's constitution for when it reverts to Chinese control in 1997 ." COORDINATION(" Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they abandon their antagonistic stand against the Chinese government ." , " Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they abandon their attempt to nullify the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong ." ))
Input: Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the proposals are in tourism , he said ." , " Most of the proposals are in basic industry , he said ." COORDINATION(" Most of the proposals are in fishery projects , he said ." , " Most of the proposals are in agro-industry projects , he said ." ))
Input: He said an altered license would be an embarrassment to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said an altered license would act as a deterrant to drug use ." COORDINATION(" He said an altered license would be an embarrassment to teenagers ." , " He said an altered license would be an embarrassment to young adults ." ))
Input: This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars , has loosened up its rigid ways ." , " This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways ." , " This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lousy profits , now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan ." COORDINATION(" This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars , now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan ." , " This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars , now is riding a string of hits , ranging from Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan ." ))
Input: All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All these vehicles have n't done much for its market share ." COORDINATION(" All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale ." , " All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's image ." ))
Input: But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 ." COORDINATION(" But even that leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 ." , " But even that leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1982 ." ))
Input: Mr. Azoff resigned as head of MCA Records , a unit of MCA Inc. , in September , and had been discussing a joint venture with both Warner and MCA .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Azoff resigned as head of MCA Records , a unit of MCA Inc. , in September ." COORDINATION(" had been discussing a joint venture with both Warner ." , " had been discussing a joint venture with both MCA ." ))
Input: If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights , Soviet reforms , regional disputes , relations with allies , economic cooperation , arms control , and joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights ." , " If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include Soviet reforms ." , " If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include regional disputes ." , " If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include relations with allies ." , " If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include economic cooperation ." , " If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include arms control ." COORDINATION(" If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include joint efforts to fight narcotics ." , " If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include joint efforts to fight terrorism ." , " If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include joint efforts to fight pollution ." ))
Input: Aside from the Soviet economic plight and talks on cutting strategic and chemical arms , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Aside from the Soviet economic plight , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions ." COORDINATION(" Aside from talks on cutting strategic arms , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions ." , " Aside from talks on cutting chemical arms , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions ." ))
Input: But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second-level officials until the past few days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But word of it did n't reach many second-level officials until the past few days ." COORDINATION(" But word of the possible session was closely held by the president ." , " But word of the possible session was closely held by a handful of top aides ." ))
Input: Of recent note are the activities of the pro- and anti-abortionists , anti-nuclear activists , animal rights protesters , college students concerned about racism , anti-apartheid groups , various self-styled environmentalists and those dissatisfied with the pace of the war against AIDS .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of recent note are the activities of anti-nuclear activists ." , " Of recent note are the activities of animal rights protesters ." , " Of recent note are the activities of college students concerned about racism ." , " Of recent note are the activities of anti-apartheid groups ." , " Of recent note are the activities of various self-styled environmentalists ." , " Of recent note are the activities of those dissatisfied with the pace of the war against AIDS ." COORDINATION(" Of recent note are the activities of the pro- ." , " Of recent note are the activities of the anti-abortionists ." ))
Input: Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , His policies went beyond his control and resulted ... in riots and disturbances and later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience resulted in rioting and a second imprisonment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , His policies resulted ... in disturbances ." , " Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , His policies resulted ... in riots ." COORDINATION(" Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience resulted in rioting ." , " Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience resulted in a second imprisonment ." COORDINATION(" Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , His policies went beyond his control ." )))
Input: I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did , but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power , and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did ." COORDINATION(" some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power ." , " some of his law breaking was justified because Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them ." ))
Input: Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government ." COORDINATION(" Lawful demonstrations , such as other assemblages that do not disturb the peace , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government ." , " Lawful demonstrations , such as other assemblages that do not cause a public nuisance , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government ." , " Lawful demonstrations , such as other assemblages that do not interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government ." ))
Input: Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Petty criminals looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd ." , " street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd ." , " street people looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for general hooliganism ." COORDINATION(" Petty criminals looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing ." , " Petty criminals looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for auto trashing ." , " Petty criminals looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for arson ." , " Petty criminals looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for window breaking ." , " Petty criminals looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for looting ." , " Petty criminals looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for pocket picking ." , " Petty criminals looking for excitement use the protest as an excuse for general hooliganism ." ))
Input: The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor , but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" its impact on that individual was violent ." , " its impact on that individual was terminal ." COORDINATION(" The demonstration was non-violent ." , " The demonstration involved only a simple misdemeanor ." ))
Input: The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The network must refund money to the advertisers ." COORDINATION(" The network loses considerable revenue ." , " The network loses considerable prestige ." ))
Input: I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war and fled to Canada or some other sanctuary to avoid combat .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I am referring to those young men who chose to disobey their country 's call to arms during the Vietnam war ." COORDINATION(" I am referring to those young men who fled to Canada to avoid combat ." , " I am referring to those young men who fled to some other sanctuary to avoid combat ." ))
Input: Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Those gains came from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said ." COORDINATION(" Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers , the company said ." , " Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for tissue products , the company said ." ))
Input: Specially trained IRS agents will look for under-reported income and unsupported deductions and credits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Specially trained IRS agents will look for under-reported income ." COORDINATION(" Specially trained IRS agents will look for unsupported deductions ." , " Specially trained IRS agents will look for unsupported credits ." ))
Input: Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits ." COORDINATION(" the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 ." , " the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1987 ." ))
Input: Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties and make them fairer and easier to administer are in the House tax bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties are in the House tax bill ." COORDINATION(" Long-debated proposals to make them fairer are in the House tax bill ." , " Long-debated proposals to make them easier to administer are in the House tax bill ." ))
Input: He would ease the proposed penalties for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for faulty Form 1099 and other reports that taxpayers correct voluntarily .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He would ease the proposed penalties for delayed payroll-tax deposits ." COORDINATION(" He would ease the proposed penalties for faulty Form 1099 ." , " He would ease the proposed penalties for other reports that taxpayers correct voluntarily ." ))
Input: Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities ." COORDINATION(" Also unaltered : nine cents for medical costs ." , " Also unaltered : nine cents for moving costs ." ))
Input: Eastern has disputed the claim , but a federal district court , an appeals court and now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eastern has disputed the claim ." COORDINATION(" a federal district court have all sided with the pilots ." , " an appeals court have all sided with the pilots ." , " the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots ." ))
Input: Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion , merchandising , publicity and other marketing outlets , and to integrate those services .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to integrate those services ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion ." , " Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of merchandising ." , " Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of publicity ." , " Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of other marketing outlets ." ))
Input: For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to find the true performance label .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to find the true performance label ." COORDINATION(" For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets , for example , ." , " For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Martex towels , for example , ." ))
Input: The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy , a precision of thought and a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The prime minister , whose hair is gray , nonetheless continues to display a precision of thought ." , " The prime minister , whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy ." , " The prime minister , whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display a precision of thought ." , " The prime minister , whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately ." COORDINATION(" The prime minister , whose hair is thinning , nonetheless continues to display an energy ." , " The prime minister , whose hair is gray , nonetheless continues to display an energy ." ))
Input: It took Zhao Ziyang -LRB- former premier and party chief -RRB- 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated ." , " now that team is part missing ." COORDINATION(" It took Zhao Ziyang -LRB- former premier -RRB- 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work ." , " It took Zhao Ziyang -LRB- former party chief -RRB- 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work ." ))
Input: That 's very sad for China and for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for Japan , Korea and the rest of Asia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's very sad for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Hong Kong ." , " That 's very sad for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Taiwan ." , " That 's very sad for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for the rest of Asia ." COORDINATION(" That 's very sad for China because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Japan ." , " That 's very sad for China because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Korea ." , " That 's very sad for China because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for the rest of Asia ." COORDINATION(" That 's very sad for China because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Hong Kong ." , " That 's very sad for China because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Taiwan ." )))
Input: On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists ." COORDINATION(" On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are the only ones in Asia ." , " On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are the only ones in Southeast Asia ." ))
Input: The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators but are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand , legs and other non-brain areas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators ." COORDINATION(" The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand ." , " The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , are sold for stimulating nerves in legs ." , " The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , are sold for stimulating nerves in other non-brain areas ." ))
Input: The materials , discovered during the past three years , conduct electricity without resistance and promise smaller , faster computers and other new technologies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The materials , discovered during the past three years , conduct electricity without resistance ." COORDINATION(" The materials , discovered during the past three years , promise smaller , faster computers ." , " The materials , discovered during the past three years , promise other new technologies ." ))
Input: Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan ." COORDINATION(" Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks of commercializing new superconductors ." , " Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the costs of commercializing new superconductors ." ))
Input: Robert White , a vice president and manager of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , agreed with that view and predicted the U.S. federal funds rate will drop to between 7 3\/4 % and 8 % within 60 days from its current level at 8 13\/16 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert White , a vice president of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , agreed with that view ." , " Robert White , a manager of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , agreed with that view ." , " Robert White , a manager of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , predicted the U.S. federal funds rate will drop to between 7 3\/4 % within 60 days from its current level at 8 13\/16 % ." COORDINATION(" Robert White , a vice president of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , predicted the U.S. federal funds rate will drop to between 7 3\/4 % within 60 days from its current level at 8 13\/16 % ." , " Robert White , a vice president of corporate trade at First Interstate of California , predicted the U.S. federal funds rate will drop to between 8 % within 60 days from its current level at 8 13\/16 % ." ))
Input: After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % ." COORDINATION(" After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July -- , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % ." , " After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- well above expectations -- , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % ." ))
Input: But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven -LRB- G-7 -RRB- major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's plunge and subsequent price volatility , lower U.S. interest rates and signs of a slowing U.S. economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven -LRB- G-7 -RRB- major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to lower U.S. interest rates ." , " But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven -LRB- G-7 -RRB- major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to signs of a slowing U.S. economy ." COORDINATION(" But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven -LRB- G-7 -RRB- major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's plunge ." , " But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven -LRB- G-7 -RRB- major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's subsequent price volatility ." ))
Input: Christopher Hill in Tokyo , Nicholas Hastings in London , Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt and Caitlin Randall and Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Christopher Hill in Tokyo contributed to this article ." , " Nicholas Hastings in London contributed to this article ." , " Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt contributed to this article ." COORDINATION(" Caitlin Randall in New York contributed to this article ." , " Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article ." ))
Input: -- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to assume Mr. Edelson 's duties and to be trading manager for derivative products , including swaps and interest-rate options .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to assume Mr. Edelson 's duties ." COORDINATION(" -- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to be trading manager for derivative products , including swaps ." , " -- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to be trading manager for derivative products , including interest-rate options ." ))
Input: There was a wanted poster offering Rewards for the Arrest of Express and Train Robbers Frank James and Jesse W. James and the original Pinkerton 's logo with an open eye and the inscription We Never Sleep , which inspired the phrase private eye .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There was a wanted poster offering Rewards for the Arrest of Train Robbers Jesse W. James ." COORDINATION(" There was the original Pinkerton 's logo with an open eye which inspired the phrase private eye ." , " There was the original Pinkerton 's logo with the inscription We Never Sleep , which inspired the phrase private eye ." COORDINATION(" There was a wanted poster offering Rewards for the Arrest of Express Frank James ." , " There was a wanted poster offering Rewards for the Arrest of Express Jesse W. James ." COORDINATION(" There was a wanted poster offering Rewards for the Arrest of Train Robbers Frank James ." ))))
Input: The suit alleges that American Brands misrepresented the financial condition of Pinkerton 's before the sale , failed to disclose pending lawsuits and material contracts in which Pinkerton 's was in default , had n't registered the Pinkerton 's name and trademark in the United Kingdom and did n't tell California Plant Protection about some labor controversies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The suit alleges that American Brands misrepresented the financial condition of Pinkerton 's before the sale ." , " The suit alleges that American Brands did n't tell California Plant Protection about some labor controversies ." COORDINATION(" The suit alleges that American Brands had n't registered the Pinkerton 's name in the United Kingdom ." , " The suit alleges that American Brands had n't registered the Pinkerton 's trademark in the United Kingdom ." COORDINATION(" The suit alleges that American Brands failed to disclose pending lawsuits in which Pinkerton 's was in default ." , " The suit alleges that American Brands failed to disclose material contracts in which Pinkerton 's was in default ." )))
Input: Paramount said the sale completes the strategic restructuring it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Paramount said the sale completes the strategic restructuring it began in 1983 ." COORDINATION(" Paramount said the sale would enable it to focus on its entertainment businesses ." , " Paramount said the sale would enable it to focus on its publishing businesses ." ))
Input: The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer ." COORDINATION(" The company said its directors will remain long-term investors ." , " The company said its management will remain long-term investors ." , " The company said its subsidiaries will remain long-term investors ." ))
Input: Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and its business in toiletries and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company ." COORDINATION(" Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell its business in toiletries to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company ." , " Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell its business in plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company ." ))
Input: This involves trade-offs and -LCB- it -RCB- cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is necessary .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This involves trade-offs ." COORDINATION(" -LCB- it -RCB- cuts against the grain of existing consumer conceptions of what is necessary ." , " -LCB- it -RCB- cuts against the grain of existing provider conceptions of what is necessary ." ))
Input: Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year ." COORDINATION(" Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder approval ." , " Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to regulatory approval ." ))
Input: Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it ." COORDINATION(" Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days ." , " Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law ." ))
Input: Medco Research developed the drug and licensed it to Lyphomed for sale in the U.S. and Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Medco Research developed the drug ." COORDINATION(" Medco Research licensed it to Lyphomed for sale in the U.S. ." , " Medco Research licensed it to Lyphomed for sale in Canada ." ))
Input: The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant ." COORDINATION(" The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging businesses ." , " The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic flexible adhesives businesses ." ))
Input: I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in fact it 's a killer , says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of political freedom , says Michael Pertschuk , a tobacco-industry critic ." , " in fact it 's a killer , says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission ." , " in fact it 's a killer , says Michael Pertschuk , a tobacco-industry critic ." COORDINATION(" I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture , says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission ." , " I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of political freedom , says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission ." ))
Input: The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too ." COORDINATION(" was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress ." , " was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in the administration itself ." ))
Input: The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level , and total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level ." COORDINATION(" total appropriations for the National Aeronautics Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion ." , " total appropriations for the National Space Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion ." ))
Input: The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing housing and environmental programs , and the commitments now will drive excess spending into fiscal 1991 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The result is that the commitments now will drive excess spending into fiscal 1991 ." COORDINATION(" The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing housing programs ." , " The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing environmental programs ." ))
Input: The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Dallas oil concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt ." , " The Dallas gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt ." , " The Dallas oil concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock ." , " The Dallas gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp ." COORDINATION(" The Dallas oil concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp ." , " The Dallas oil concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp ." ))
Input: Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share ." COORDINATION(" Throw in its railroad assets ." , " Throw in its minerals assets ." , " Throw in its pipeline assets ." , " Throw in its oil assets ." ))
Input: Its plan , instead , is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same with its mining and energy assets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its plan , instead , is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit ." COORDINATION(" Its plan , instead , is to possibly do the same with its mining assets ." , " Its plan , instead , is to possibly do the same with its energy assets ." ))
Input: Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Profit before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence ." COORDINATION(" Profit after tax rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence ." , " Profit after minority interest rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence ." ))
Input: Federal and state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association , and a California regulator described an attempted whitewash by deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" a California regulator described an attempted whitewash by deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall ." COORDINATION(" Federal thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association ." , " state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association ." ))
Input: He called the sour loans appalling and added , You opened the file up and it just jumped at you .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He called the sour loans appalling ." COORDINATION(" He added , You opened the file up ." , " He added , it just jumped at you ." ))
Input: Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury ." COORDINATION(" Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at Federal Reserve banks ." , " Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at Federal Reserve branches ." ))
Input: Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the Patent Office refused to grant it ." COORDINATION(" Boyer , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique ." , " Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique ." ))
Input: Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unocal said the venture would enable it to prepare for expected growth in exploration ." , " Unocal said the venture would enable it to prepare for expected growth in production ." , " Unocal said the venture would enable it to prepare for expected growth in chemicals ." , " Unocal said the venture would enable it to prepare for expected growth in other areas ." COORDINATION(" Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining investment ." , " Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its marketing investment ." ))
Input: Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion resulted in sharply higher profit ." COORDINATION(" Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships ." , " Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like steel structures ." , " Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like power systems ." , " Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like machinery ." ))
Input: Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit -- but the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate ." COORDINATION(" Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit ." , " Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to raise the federal government 's debt limit ." ))
Input: Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , for the third quarter ended Sept ." , " Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it reported a net loss of $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept ." COORDINATION(" Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring alternatives ." , " Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating merger alternatives ." ))
Input: This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary ." COORDINATION(" This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were principally related to pre-publication costs ." , " This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were principally related to inventory ." , " This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were principally related to publishing advances ." COORDINATION(" This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring ." )))
Input: The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation ." COORDINATION(" The company attributed the decrease , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign accounts ." , " The company attributed the decrease , in part , to lower sales in certain key domestic accounts ." ))
Input: Georgia-Pacific fell 2 1\/2 to 50 7\/8 , but most paper and forest-products stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Georgia-Pacific fell 2 1\/2 to 50 7\/8 ." COORDINATION(" most paper stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets ." , " most forest-products stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets ." ))
Input: Mr. Phelan said that the Big Board has been trying to deal quietly with the issue , but that banning computer-assisted trading strategies entirely , as some investors want , would be like taking everybody out of an automobile and making them ride a horse .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Phelan said that the Big Board has been trying to deal quietly with the issue ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Phelan said that banning computer-assisted trading strategies entirely , as some investors want , would be like taking everybody out of an automobile ." , " Mr. Phelan said that banning computer-assisted trading strategies entirely , as some investors want , would be like making them ride a horse ." ))
Input: People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days or even hours of heavy program trading and who was doing it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover who was doing it ." COORDINATION(" People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days of heavy program trading ." , " People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific even hours of heavy program trading ." ))
Input: By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated ." COORDINATION(" the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % % ." , " the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/2 % ." ))
Input: The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The two units are Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information ." COORDINATION(" The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , among other services , ." , " The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes financial planning , among other services , ." , " The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes business law information , among other services , ." ))
Input: The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to utilities , hospitals , and colleges and universities owned by the government .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to utilities owned by the government ." , " The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to hospitals owned by the government ." COORDINATION(" The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to colleges owned by the government ." , " The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to universities owned by the government ." ))
Input: The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 ." COORDINATION(" The foundation vote makes the financial results of the hospitals easier to compare with for-profit businesses ." , " The foundation vote makes the financial results of the colleges easier to compare with for-profit businesses ." , " The foundation vote makes the financial results of the schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses ." ))
Input: Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority , a foundation spokesman said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority , a foundation spokesman said ." COORDINATION(" Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political structure , a foundation spokesman said ." , " Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the legal structure , a foundation spokesman said ." ))
Input: The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices before and after the ad campaign , and found that the prices of at least 50 different items either increased or stayed the same .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency said it found that the prices of at least 50 different items either increased ." , " The agency said it found that the prices of at least 50 different items either stayed the same ." COORDINATION(" The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices before the ad campaign ." , " The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices after the ad campaign ." ))
Input: Even a small reduction is unacceptable and to suggest otherwise is penny-wise and pound-foolish .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even a small reduction is unacceptable ." COORDINATION(" to suggest otherwise is penny-wise ." , " to suggest otherwise is pound-foolish ." ))
Input: This is a fact and not the product of some environmental doomsayer or a group 's ploy to create a market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This is a fact ." COORDINATION(" This is not the product of some environmental doomsayer ." , " This is not the product of a group 's ploy to create a market ." ))
Input: The discovery of the ozone hole over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The discovery of the ozone hole over Antarctica serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations ." COORDINATION(" the results of ground-based aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations ." , " the results of high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations ." ))
Input: It is insulting and demeaning to say that scientists needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts and that environmental groups need them to stay in business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is insulting to say that environmental groups need them to stay in business ." , " It is demeaning to say that environmental groups need them to stay in business ." , " It is demeaning to say that scientists needed new crises to generate new contracts ." COORDINATION(" It is insulting to say that scientists needed new crises to generate new grants ." , " It is insulting to say that scientists needed new crises to generate new contracts ." ))
Input: MiniScribe filed a status report with the NASD on Monday , detailing its efforts to comply with listing requirements and requesting an extension of the exception , but has n't received a response .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MiniScribe has n't received a response ." COORDINATION(" MiniScribe filed a status report with the NASD on Monday , detailing its efforts to comply with listing requirements ." , " MiniScribe filed a status report with the NASD on Monday , requesting an extension of the exception ." ))
Input: The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices , including the shipment of bricks and defective disk drives that were booked as sales , and inventory forgeries in accounting records .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices , including inventory forgeries in accounting records ." COORDINATION(" The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices , including the shipment of bricks that were booked as sales ." , " The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices , including the shipment of defective disk drives that were booked as sales ." ))
Input: An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving piece about how Congress really works ." , " An imaginative producer could easily have created a interesting piece about how Congress really works ." , " An imaginative producer could easily have created a interesting piece about why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project while voters in Arkansas did not ." COORDINATION(" An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving piece about why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project while voters in Arkansas did not ." , " An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving piece about why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded building while voters in Arkansas did not ." ))
Input: And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip , reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including activities of family members ." , " And , since the public has always been fascinated by voyeurism , reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including activities of family members ." , " And , since the public has always been fascinated by voyeurism , reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities ." , " And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip , editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including activities of family members ." , " And , since the public has always been fascinated by voyeurism , editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including activities of family members ." , " And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip , editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including all matters about mental health ." COORDINATION(" And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip , reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including all matters about mental health ." , " And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip , reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including all matters about physical health ." COORDINATION(" And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip , reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities ." , " And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip , reporters will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including domestic relationships ." )))
Input: Private placements involve debt and equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors and are n't registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Private placements involve debt , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors ." , " Private placements involve equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors ." , " Private placements involve equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are n't registered with the Securities Commission ." COORDINATION(" Private placements involve debt , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are n't registered with the Securities Commission ." , " Private placements involve debt , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are n't registered with the Exchange Commission ." ))
Input: Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective , detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective ." , " Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as detailed project plans ." COORDINATION(" Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as forecasts of company sales ." , " Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as forecasts of product trends ." ))
Input: The move will cut out the cost of a middleman and give Specialized more control over marketing and sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The move will cut out the cost of a middleman ." COORDINATION(" The move will give Specialized more control over marketing ." , " The move will give Specialized more control over sales ." ))
Input: Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , stock prices mixed in Amsterdam ." , " Elsewhere , stock prices mixed in Paris ." , " Elsewhere , stock prices mixed in Zurich ." COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels ." , " Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Milan ." , " Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Stockholm ." ))
Input: Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stocks were lower in Singapore ." COORDINATION(" Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong ." , " Stocks closed higher in Manila ." , " Stocks closed higher in Seoul ." , " Stocks closed higher in Sydney ." , " Stocks closed higher in Taipei ." , " Stocks closed higher in Wellington ." ))
Input: We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We saw good retail demand by institutions , said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis ." , " that is one reason why the market advanced late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis ." , " that is one reason why the market advanced late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis ." COORDINATION(" We saw good retail demand by small banks , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis ." , " We saw good retail demand by individuals , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis ." , " We saw good retail demand by institutions , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis ." ))
Input: High-yield traders said spreads between the bid and offered prices of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time , and in certain cases , bids for Western Union securities are not available .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" in certain cases , bids for Western Union securities are not available ." COORDINATION(" High-yield traders said spreads between the bid of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time ." , " High-yield traders said spreads between the offered prices of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time ." ))
Input: The PACs appeal to insurance companies and other investors because they have higher yields than topgrade corporate bonds and carry the guarantee of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , quasi-federal agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The PACs appeal to insurance companies because they have higher yields than topgrade corporate bonds ." , " The PACs appeal to other investors because they have higher yields than topgrade corporate bonds ." , " The PACs appeal to other investors because they carry the guarantee of Freddie Mac , quasi-federal agencies ." COORDINATION(" The PACs appeal to insurance companies because they carry the guarantee of Freddie Mac , quasi-federal agencies ." , " The PACs appeal to insurance companies because they carry the guarantee of Fannie Mae , quasi-federal agencies ." ))
Input: The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows , but the spread between the contract and Tbond futures continued to grow more negative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows ." COORDINATION(" the spread between the contract futures continued to grow more negative ." , " the spread between the Tbond futures continued to grow more negative ." ))
Input: The MOB spread , or difference between the municipal and T-bond futures contracts , has been near all-time lows in recent trading , driven basically by concerns that new-issue supply would overwhelm demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The MOB spread , has been near all-time lows in recent trading , driven basically by concerns that new-issue supply would overwhelm demand ." COORDINATION(" The difference between the municipal futures contracts , has been near all-time lows in recent trading , driven basically by concerns that new-issue supply would overwhelm demand ." , " The difference between the T-bond futures contracts , has been near all-time lows in recent trading , driven basically by concerns that new-issue supply would overwhelm demand ." ))
Input: That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That arrangement apparently has worked well ." COORDINATION(" Thomas A. Bologna , president of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing ." , " Thomas A. Bologna , chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing ." ))
Input: Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will buy American know-how and use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology trade and competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will buy American know-how ." COORDINATION(" Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology trade ." , " Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology competition ." ))
Input: Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days , and some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days ." COORDINATION(" some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision ." , " some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology ." ))
Input: It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing , but its aviation industry is struggling , and its space program is years behind the U.S. , the Europeans and the Soviets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing ." COORDINATION(" its space program is years behind the Soviets ." , " its space program is years behind the U.S. ." , " its space program is years behind the Europeans ." COORDINATION(" its aviation industry is struggling ." )))
Input: Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of business leaders ." , " Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of labor leaders ." ))
Input: Mr. Bush has asked Congress to provide more than $ 400 million in economic aid and food grants for Poland 's new government , but has been chided by Democrats for failing to do more .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Bush has been chided by Democrats for failing to do more ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Bush has asked Congress to provide more than $ 400 million in economic aid for Poland 's new government ." , " Mr. Bush has asked Congress to provide more than $ 400 million in food grants for Poland 's new government ." ))
Input: Mr. Azoff reportedly was bored and frequently clashed with top MCA management over a number of issues such as compensation and business plans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Azoff reportedly was bored ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Azoff reportedly frequently clashed with top MCA management over a number of issues such as compensation ." , " Mr. Azoff reportedly frequently clashed with top MCA management over a number of issues such as business plans ." ))
Input: A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , and it was boring .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine ." COORDINATION(" he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet ." , " he complains , it was boring ." ))
Input: The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment , but people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy ." COORDINATION(" The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships ." , " The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of tennis rackets ." , " The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of home exercise equipment ." ))
Input: On a video screen , riders can see 30 different rides , including urban , mountain and desert scenes , and check how many calories are burned a minute .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On a video screen , riders can check how many calories are burned a minute ." COORDINATION(" On a video screen , riders can see 30 different rides , including urban scenes ." , " On a video screen , riders can see 30 different rides , including mountain scenes ." , " On a video screen , riders can see 30 different rides , including desert scenes ." ))
Input: But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer ." , " But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair ." COORDINATION(" But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with dials showing average speeds ." , " But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with dials showing maximum speeds ." ))
Input: Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Three reasons were pinpointed : dowdy bowling centers ." , " Three reasons were pinpointed : dissatisfaction with bowling itself ." COORDINATION(" Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling on television rather than actually bowling ." , " Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching other sports on television rather than actually bowling ." ))
Input: Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before ." COORDINATION(" lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on ." , " lately a telephone flew off its stand ." , " lately doors slammed inexplicably ." , " lately she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen ." ))
Input: I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , she says , eyes wide at the recollection .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it was nobody , she says , eyes wide at the recollection ." COORDINATION(" I was doing the laundry , she says , eyes wide at the recollection ." , " I was nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , she says , eyes wide at the recollection ." ))
Input: Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one ." COORDINATION(" Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats ." , " Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of apparitions ." , " Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of bouncing chandeliers ." ))
Input: The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he often obliges ." COORDINATION(" The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits ." , " The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits ." ))
Input: Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year ." COORDINATION(" Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , off 8,500 from after its merger two years ago ." , " Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , off 8,500 from after the market collapse two years ago ." ))
Input: In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to parties in interest , which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to parties in interest , which generally means active workers ." COORDINATION(" In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to parties in interest , which generally includes retirees who continue as directors ." , " In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to parties in interest , which generally includes retirees who continue as 10 % shareholders ." ))
Input: Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less ." COORDINATION(" Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders ." , " Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree directors ." ))
Input: He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of his good looks , the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of maharajahs , or overpaid and underworked civil servants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of his good looks ." , " He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network ." COORDINATION(" He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of his reputation as a hunter of overpaid civil servants ." , " He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of his reputation as a hunter of underworked civil servants ." COORDINATION(" He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of his reputation as a hunter of maharajahs ." )))
Input: Two left-wing politicians , Socialist Leonel Brizola , a former governor of Rio de Janeiro state , and Marxist-leaning Luis Inacio da Silva , currently are running neck and neck at about 15 % , and three other candidates are given a chance of reaching the Dec. 17 runoff election between the two biggest vote-getters : Social Democrat Mario Covas and two conservatives , Paulo Salim Maluf , a former governor of the state of Sao Paulo , and Guilherme Afif Domingos .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two left-wing politicians , Marxist-leaning Luis Inacio da Silva , currently are running neck at about 15 % ." , " three other candidates are given a chance of reaching the Dec. 17 runoff election between the two biggest vote-getters : Social Democrat Mario Covas and two conservatives , Guilherme Afif Domingos ." COORDINATION(" Two left-wing politicians , Socialist Leonel Brizola , a former governor of Rio de Janeiro state , currently are running neck at about 15 % ." , " Two left-wing politicians , Socialist Leonel Brizola , a former governor of Rio de Janeiro state , currently are running neck at about 15 % ." COORDINATION(" Two left-wing politicians , Marxist-leaning Luis Inacio da Silva , currently are running neck at about 15 % ." )))
Input: What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil finally lives up to the potential of the world 's eighth largest economy or keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in deficits and stagnation , with huge economic inequalities and social discontent boiling under the surface .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil finally lives up to the potential of the world 's eighth largest economy ." , " What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in stagnation , with social discontent boiling under the surface ." COORDINATION(" What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in deficits , with huge economic inequalities boiling under the surface ." , " What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in deficits , with social discontent boiling under the surface ." COORDINATION(" What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in stagnation , with huge economic inequalities boiling under the surface ." )))
Input: That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago , but Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in August and September .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago ." COORDINATION(" Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in August ." , " Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in September ." ))
Input: About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers ." COORDINATION(" About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as an accelerator of inflation for the government ." , " About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as an accelerator of deficits for the government ." ))
Input: Economists , businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ." , " businessmen agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ." , " some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ." , " businessmen agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including focusing spending on vital areas such as welfare ." , " Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including turning state companies private ." , " Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reforming the tax system ." , " Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including raising public service rates to match costs ." , " businessmen agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including possibly a devaluation of the cruzado ." COORDINATION(" Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including possibly a temporary wage freeze ." , " Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including possibly a temporary price freeze ." COORDINATION(" Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including possibly a devaluation of the cruzado ." COORDINATION(" Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including focusing spending on vital areas such as education ." , " Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including focusing spending on vital areas such as health ." , " Economists agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including focusing spending on vital areas such as welfare ." ))))
Input: The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has been vague about his intentions and often inflammatory in his rhetoric , but analysts say he probably would be pragmatic .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" analysts say he probably would be pragmatic ." COORDINATION(" The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has been vague about his intentions ." , " The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has often inflammatory in his rhetoric ." ))
Input: It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health-care team when they get home .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it certainly makes them a better health-care team when they get home ." COORDINATION(" It helps us , while they 're here ." , " It helps them , while they 're here ." ))
Input: However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred are cumulative and would total $ 23 million a year , hurting NRM 's financial flexibility and its ability to raise capital , NRM said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred are cumulative , NRM said ." COORDINATION(" However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred would total $ 23 million a year , hurting NRM 's financial flexibility , NRM said ." , " However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred would total $ 23 million a year , hurting its ability to raise capital , NRM said ." ))
Input: Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for a stable currency , free and competitive markets , private property and real prices and other pie-in-the-sky reforms .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for a stable currency ." , " Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for private property ." , " Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for real prices ." , " Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for other pie-in-the-sky reforms ." COORDINATION(" Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for free markets ." , " Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for competitive markets ." ))
Input: So every time a Bush official raises a doubt about Mr. Gorbachev , the Washington community shouts Cold War and timidity , and an administration spokesman is quickly trotted out to reply , Mr. Bush wants perestroika to succeed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So every time a Bush official raises a doubt about Mr. Gorbachev , an administration spokesman is quickly trotted out to reply , Mr. Bush wants perestroika to succeed ." COORDINATION(" So every time a Bush official raises a doubt about Mr. Gorbachev , the Washington community shouts Cold War ." , " So every time a Bush official raises a doubt about Mr. Gorbachev , the Washington community shouts timidity ." ))
Input: In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement , but preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail , and its political opponents will ask Who lost Gorbachev ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement ?" COORDINATION(" In short , the problem is not preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail ?" , " In short , the problem is not preoccupation with the prospect that its political opponents will ask Who lost Gorbachev ?" ))
Input: Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here , but he made no comment and asked no questions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here ." COORDINATION(" he made no comment ." , " he asked no questions ." ))
Input: Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dow Jones operates electronic business information services ." COORDINATION(" Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal ." , " Dow Jones publishes Barron 's magazine ." , " Dow Jones publishes other periodicals ." , " Dow Jones publishes community newspapers ." ))
Input: Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lone Star Technologies said they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount ." COORDINATION(" Lone Star Technologies said it agree that the parent company owes the unit money ." , " Lone Star Technologies said its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money ." ))
Input: The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment ." COORDINATION(" The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , in September ." , " The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was n't paid , in September ." ))
Input: Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" plaster dropped from the ceiling ." , " the walls still shook ." , " an evacuation alarm blared outside ." COORDINATION(" Lights flickered on ." , " Lights flickered off ." ))
Input: David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president ." COORDINATION(" David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages ." , " David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named assistant to the chairman of this maker of consumer products ." ))
Input: Even brief conversations can show caring and trust , and need not restrict the efficiency of the communication or restrain the doctor 's earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even brief conversations need not restrict the efficiency of the communication ." , " Even brief conversations need not restrain the doctor 's earnings ." COORDINATION(" Even brief conversations can show caring ." , " Even brief conversations can show trust ." ))
Input: According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full-sized vans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ." COORDINATION(" According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler ." , " According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are two Canadian plants that build Chrysler 's full-sized vans ." COORDINATION(" According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron models ." , " According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Dodge Daytona models ." )))
Input: Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to creditors and bondholders in exchange for the cash distribution , but creditors and bondholders would receive no discount for their shares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" creditors would receive no discount for their shares ." , " bondholders would receive no discount for their shares ." COORDINATION(" Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to creditors in exchange for the cash distribution ." , " Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to bondholders in exchange for the cash distribution ." ))
Input: Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company and the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans , but little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Revco 's chairman , Boake A. Sells , said little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer ." , " Revco 's chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer ." , " Revco 's chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company have put forth reorganization plans ." COORDINATION(" Revco 's chairman , Boake A. Sells , said both the company have put forth reorganization plans ." , " Revco 's chairman , Boake A. Sells , said both the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans ." ))
Input: Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week ." COORDINATION(" the losses , individually , were greater than the advances ." , " the losses , cumulatively , were greater than the advances ." ))
Input: Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier , and stocks of copper held by consumers and merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Consumer stocks of copper in the U.S. fell to 44,000 tons at the end of September from 54,000 tons a month earlier ." COORDINATION(" stocks of copper held by consumers outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June ." , " stocks of copper held by merchants outside of the U.S. at the end of July stood at 123,000 tons , down from 125,000 tons in June ." ))
Input: Last week 's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety , he said , but yesterday the market lacked such stimuli .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" yesterday the market lacked such stimuli ." COORDINATION(" Last week 's uncertainty in the stock market triggered a flight to safety ." , " a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety ." ))
Input: Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions , and they appear to be exercising these powers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Permission is far from automatic : they appear to be exercising these powers ." COORDINATION(" Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications ." , " Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to impose conditions ." ))
Input: All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of perfume , cosmetics , household chemicals and sand candles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising ." COORDINATION(" so is the manufacture of perfume ." , " so is the manufacture of cosmetics ." , " so is the manufacture of household chemicals ." , " so is the manufacture of sand candles ." ))
Input: The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an organic society in which citizens were spiritually and morally unified , and prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an organic society in which citizens were prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation ." COORDINATION(" The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an organic society in which citizens were spiritually unified ." , " The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an organic society in which citizens were morally unified ." ))
Input: These would not function independently , but would act together to form combines , unions and associations to tackle problems and coordinate their activities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These would not function independently ." , " These would act together to form unions to coordinate their activities ." COORDINATION(" These would act together to form combines to tackle problems ." , " These would act together to form combines to coordinate their activities ." COORDINATION(" These would act together to form unions to tackle problems ." , " These would act together to form associations to tackle problems ." )))
Input: Public-works and utility projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September , but the nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier ." COORDINATION(" Public-works projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September ." , " utility projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September ." ))
Input: Quotron also provides trading and other systems , services for brokerage firms , and communications-network services .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Quotron also provides services for brokerage firms ." , " Quotron also provides communications-network services ." COORDINATION(" Quotron also provides trading systems ." , " Quotron also provides other systems ." ))
Input: The company has no immediate plans to close any operations , she said , but Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including refurbishment and production of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company has no immediate plans to close any operations ." COORDINATION(" Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including refurbishment of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data ." , " Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including production of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data ." ))
Input: Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie , but their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie ." COORDINATION(" their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel ." , " their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel ." ))
Input: That spurs competition and growth , allows users to change and mix brands easily , and increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer ." COORDINATION(" That allows users to change brands easily ." , " That allows users to mix brands easily ." COORDINATION(" That spurs competition ." , " That spurs growth ." )))
Input: IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer , but NEC was ahead from the start and did n't need to invite in competitive allies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer ." COORDINATION(" NEC was ahead from the start ." , " NEC did n't need to invite in competitive allies ." ))
Input: But new managers will have to be creators and innovators ... and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily , and also shared .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both outside the company can be also shared ." COORDINATION(" But for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside the company can be reached easily ." , " But for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside the company can be also shared ." COORDINATION(" But for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both outside the company can be reached easily ." COORDINATION(" But new managers will have to be creators ." , " But new managers will have to be innovators ." ))))
Input: IBM just last year started selling its first machine that could run in both Japanese and English and that substantially enhances compatibility with its American products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" IBM just last year started selling its first machine that substantially enhances compatibility with its American products ." COORDINATION(" IBM just last year started selling its first machine that could run in both Japanese ." , " IBM just last year started selling its first machine that could run in both English ." ))
Input: It is time-consuming -LRB- the abortion part alone lasts three days , and the clinical part comprises a week 's worth of visits -RRB- , bloody -LRB- one woman in a Swedish trial required a transfusion , although for most it resembles a menstrual period , with bleeding lasting an average of 10 days -RRB- , and painful -LRB- many women require analgesic shots to ease them through -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is bloody -LRB- one woman in a Swedish trial required a transfusion , although for most it resembles a menstrual period , with bleeding lasting an average of 10 days -RRB- ." , " It is painful -LRB- many women require analgesic shots to ease them through -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" It is time-consuming -LRB- the abortion part alone lasts three days -RRB- ." , " It is time-consuming -LRB- the clinical part comprises a week 's worth of visits -RRB- ." ))
Input: It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the cost of testing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million ." , " the cost of marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million ." COORDINATION(" It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food Administration 's approval for a new drug ." , " It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug ." ))
Input: But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller foundations , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the French government ." , " But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst ." , " But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the French government ." COORDINATION(" But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller foundations , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst ." , " But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Mellon foundations , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst ." ))
Input: Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening -LRB- anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated -RRB- and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted ." COORDINATION(" Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening -LRB- anemics are eliminated -RRB- ." , " Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening -LRB- those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection ." , " Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via vaginal suppository ." COORDINATION(" Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit to take the pill ." ))))
Input: Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal , accounting and other professional services furnished to foreigners ; financial , engineering and construction services ; and the like -- were not being counted as exports .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; the like -- were not being counted as exports ." COORDINATION(" Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; financial services -- were not being counted as exports ." , " Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; engineering services -- were not being counted as exports ." , " Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; construction services -- were not being counted as exports ." COORDINATION(" Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal services furnished to foreigners -- were not being counted as exports ." , " Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; accounting services furnished to foreigners -- were not being counted as exports ." , " Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; other professional services furnished to foreigners -- were not being counted as exports ." )))
Input: The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . -LRB- net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad -RRB- , some exports by professional firms -LRB- a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine -RRB- , and improved data from travel and tourism .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . -LRB- net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad -RRB- ." , " The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were some exports by professional firms -LRB- a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were improved data from travel ." , " The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were improved data from tourism ." ))
Input: It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both goods and services , but it does suggest that it is our exports of services , and not just borrowing , that is financing our imports of goods .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it does suggest that it is our exports of services , that is financing our imports of goods ." , " it does suggest that it is just borrowing , that is financing our imports of goods ." COORDINATION(" It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both goods ." , " It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both services ." ))
Input: The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc. , and its law firm , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its law firm , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison ." COORDINATION(" The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Lazard Freres & Co. ." , " The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Salomon Brothers Inc. ." ))
Input: A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're working the problem ." , " A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're looking at the issue ." , " A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're meeting with a broad number of constituents to get their ideas on the issue ." COORDINATION(" A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're meeting with a broad number of customers to get their views on the issue ." , " A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're meeting with a broad number of customers to get their ideas on the issue ." COORDINATION(" A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're meeting with a broad number of constituents to get their views on the issue ." )))
Input: To confirm Mr. Guy 's identification , Sotheby 's and IFAR exchanged photos by fax , and the waiting man , apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen , agreed to release it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the waiting man , apparently innocent of knowledge that the kylix was stolen , agreed to release it ." COORDINATION(" To confirm Mr. Guy 's identification , Sotheby 's exchanged photos by fax ." , " To confirm Mr. Guy 's identification , IFAR exchanged photos by fax ." ))
Input: According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were charged , tried , convicted and sentenced to prison terms of four and 12 years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were charged ." , " According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were tried ." , " According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were convicted ." COORDINATION(" According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were sentenced to prison terms of four years ." , " According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were sentenced to prison terms of 12 years ." ))
Input: Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes ." , " Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were currency ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were folded papers ." , " Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were faded papers ." , " Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were crumpled papers ." ))
Input: Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988-model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Separately , Ford said they are recalling about 88,500 1988-model Mercury Tracers equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap ." , " Separately , Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988-model Mercury Tracers equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap ." , " Separately , Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling 220,000 1986 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap ." COORDINATION(" Separately , Ford said they are recalling 220,000 1986 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap ." , " Separately , Ford said they are recalling 220,000 1987 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap ." , " Separately , Ford said they are recalling 220,000 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap ." ))
Input: Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Termination means that workers do n't accrue new benefits ." COORDINATION(" Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities ." , " Termination means that the agency 's insurance pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans ." ))
Input: The high court refused to hear appeals by Rexall Drug Co. , which went out of business in 1987 and was taken over by RXDC Liquidating Trust ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. , a unit of Squibb Corp. ; and Eli Lilly & Co .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The high court refused to hear appeals by Rexall Drug Co. , which went out of business in 1987 ." COORDINATION(" The high court refused to hear appeals by Rexall Drug Co. , which was taken over by RXDC Liquidating Trust ." , " The high court refused to hear appeals by Rexall Drug Co. , which was taken over by E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. , a unit of Squibb Corp. ." , " The high court refused to hear appeals by Rexall Drug Co. , which was taken over by Eli Lilly & Co ." ))
Input: The appeals court said the defense is valid only if federal officials did more than rubber stamp a company 's design or plans and engaged in a substantive review and evaluation on a par with a policy decision .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The appeals court said the defense is valid only if federal officials engaged in a substantive review on a par with a policy decision ." , " The appeals court said the defense is valid only if federal officials engaged in a substantive evaluation on a par with a policy decision ." COORDINATION(" The appeals court said the defense is valid only if federal officials did more than rubber stamp a company 's design ." , " The appeals court said the defense is valid only if federal officials did more than rubber stamp a company 's plans ." ))
Input: Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Housing is scarce ." COORDINATION(" public services -- the court system -- are in disgraceful condition ." , " public services -- schools -- are in disgraceful condition ." , " public services -- mail service -- are in disgraceful condition ." , " public services -- telephone network -- are in disgraceful condition ." , " public services -- the highways -- are in disgraceful condition ." ))
Input: He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He expects the market to sink further ." COORDINATION(" He expects the market to reach a low sometime next month ." , " He expects the market to reach a low in December ." ))
Input: They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , some existing only in benign polyps , others in malignant cells and many in both polyps and malignant cells .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , some existing only in benign polyps ." , " They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , others in malignant cells ." COORDINATION(" They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , many in both polyps ." , " They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , many in both malignant cells ." ))
Input: Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it makes sense -- it 's more convenient and justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of health and sanitation concerns .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it makes sense -- it 's more convenient ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it makes sense -- it justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of health concerns ." , " Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it makes sense -- it justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of sanitation concerns ." ))
Input: Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ; dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ." , " Quebecor also publishes dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec ." COORDINATION(" Quebecor also publishes dailies in Quebec City ." , " Quebecor also publishes dailies in Winnipeg , Manitoba ." ))
Input: Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the founder 's son and the executive in charge of the acquisition , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase , but he says it most likely will use debt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he says it most likely will use debt ." COORDINATION(" Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the founder 's son , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase ." , " Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the executive in charge of the acquisition , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase ." ))
Input: According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses ." COORDINATION(" According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. -- ." , " According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Official Airlines Guides -- ." ))
Input: He said the state has 165 appointed judges and 15 trial referees , who are former judges over age 70 and serve a restricted role on the bench .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said the state has 165 appointed judges ." COORDINATION(" He said the state has 15 trial referees , who are former judges over age 70 ." , " He said the state has 15 trial referees , who serve a restricted role on the bench ." ))
Input: Warner Communications Inc. and Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters , but continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Warner Communications Inc. continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents ." , " Sony Corp. continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents ." , " Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Jon Peters ." COORDINATION(" Warner Communications Inc. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber ." , " Warner Communications Inc. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Jon Peters ." ))
Input: Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who did have access to the contracts but who were n't part of the negotiations between Sony and the duo .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who did have access to the contracts ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who were n't part of the negotiations between Sony ." , " Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who were n't part of the negotiations between the duo ." ))
Input: For instance , he noted that spending on Pentagon programs is shrinking , and Boeing is either the prime contractor or a major supplier on many important military projects , including the B-2 Stealth bomber , the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft and the Air Force 's next-generation tactical fighter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , he noted that spending on Pentagon programs is shrinking ." , " For instance , he noted that Boeing is either a major supplier on many important military projects , including the Air Force 's next-generation tactical fighter ." COORDINATION(" For instance , he noted that Boeing is either the prime contractor on many important military projects , including the B-2 Stealth bomber ." , " For instance , he noted that Boeing is either the prime contractor on many important military projects , including the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft ." , " For instance , he noted that Boeing is either the prime contractor on many important military projects , including the Air Force 's next-generation tactical fighter ." COORDINATION(" For instance , he noted that Boeing is either a major supplier on many important military projects , including the B-2 Stealth bomber ." )))
Input: Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil and gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil and gas acquisition outside its home country , and would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration and production unit in Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil acquisition outside its home country ." , " Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first gas acquisition outside its home country ." , " Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based gas producer , said the planned purchase would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration unit in Canada ." COORDINATION(" Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil producer , said the planned purchase would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration unit in Canada ." , " Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil producer , said the planned purchase would form the basis for a new stand-alone production unit in Canada ." COORDINATION(" Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil acquisition outside its home country ." , " Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil producer , said the planned purchase would be its first gas acquisition outside its home country ." )))
Input: Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans ." COORDINATION(" Mercury attributed the loss to costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring , when interest rates dipped ." , " Mercury attributed the loss to costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past summer , when interest rates dipped ." ))
Input: At that time , the court held that such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law , which has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of songs and musical compositions but never actual performances .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At that time , the court held that such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law , which never actual performances ." COORDINATION(" At that time , the court held that such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law , which has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of songs ." , " At that time , the court held that such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law , which has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of musical compositions ." ))
Input: Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor and the payment of all related costs and expenses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor ." COORDINATION(" Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the payment of all related costs ." , " Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the payment of all related expenses ." ))
Input: GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa and MasterCard programs while Monogram provides operational and marketing support and actually owns the accounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa programs while Monogram actually owns the accounts ." , " GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market MasterCard programs while Monogram actually owns the accounts ." , " GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market MasterCard programs while Monogram provides operational support ." COORDINATION(" GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa programs while Monogram provides operational support ." , " GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa programs while Monogram provides marketing support ." ))
Input: Azem Vlasi and 14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Azem Vlasi are accused of opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy ." , " 14 others are accused of opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy ." , " 14 others are accused of inciting strikes ." COORDINATION(" Azem Vlasi are accused of inciting riots ." , " Azem Vlasi are accused of inciting strikes ." ))
Input: In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion ." COORDINATION(" In 1988 , Fluor had earnings of $ 56.4 million ." , " In 1988 , Fluor had earnings of 71 cents a share ." ))
Input: Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan -LRB- U.S. naval officer and naval historian -RRB- and Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ever since the days of Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom ." COORDINATION(" Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan -LRB- U.S. naval officer -RRB- the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom ." , " Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan -LRB- naval historian -RRB- the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom ." ))
Input: Of course these turf battles are unseemly , wasteful and potentially dangerous and should be resolved in the interest of national security , but Mr. Lehman seems to be part of the problem rather than part of the answer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Lehman seems to be part of the problem rather than part of the answer ." COORDINATION(" Of course these turf battles are potentially dangerous ." , " Of course these turf battles are unseemly ." , " Of course these turf battles are wasteful ." COORDINATION(" Of course these turf battles should be resolved in the interest of national security ." )))
Input: Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and , of course , the outcome of further research .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans ." , " Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on the outcome of further research ." COORDINATION(" Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on the U.S. Food Administration ." , " Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on the U.S. Drug Administration ." ))
Input: Folk doctors also prescribe it for kidney , bladder and urethra problems , duodenal ulcers and hemorrhoids .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Folk doctors also prescribe it for duodenal ulcers ." , " Folk doctors also prescribe it for hemorrhoids ." COORDINATION(" Folk doctors also prescribe it for kidney problems ." , " Folk doctors also prescribe it for bladder problems ." , " Folk doctors also prescribe it for urethra problems ." ))
Input: Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium ." COORDINATION(" Small crops are grown in Pakistan ." , " Small crops are grown in France ." , " Small crops are grown in Spain ." , " Small crops are grown in Italy ." , " Small crops are grown in Belgium ." , " Small crops are grown in Brazil ." ))
Input: One case of cancer or a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" rates go up 40 % to 60 % ." COORDINATION(" One case of cancer ." , " One case of a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant ." ))
Input: But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new laws or regulations requiring greater use of community rating , which pegs rates to the use of health care by a community or other large group , and is designed to prevent insurance companies from taking only low-risk small companies as clients .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new laws requiring greater use of community rating , which is designed to prevent insurance companies from taking only low-risk small companies as clients ." , " But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new regulations requiring greater use of community rating , which is designed to prevent insurance companies from taking only low-risk small companies as clients ." , " But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new regulations requiring greater use of community rating , which pegs rates to the use of health care by other large group ." COORDINATION(" But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new laws requiring greater use of community rating , which pegs rates to the use of health care by a community ." , " But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new laws requiring greater use of community rating , which pegs rates to the use of health care by other large group ." ))
Input: Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year , but the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in September and August .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year ." COORDINATION(" the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in September ." , " the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in August ." ))
Input: Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan ." COORDINATION(" Nashua immediately responded by saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares ." , " Nashua immediately responded by saying it will buy back 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding ." ))
Input: These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that match the S&P 500 stock index or other stock indexes , and frequently swap between stocks and futures to capture profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that frequently swap between stocks and futures to capture profits ." COORDINATION(" These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that match the S&P 500 stock index ." , " These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that match other stock indexes ." ))
Input: Stock-index funds frequently use the futures markets as a hedging tool , but that is a far less aggressive strategy than stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy and sell big blocks of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from price differences .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stock-index funds frequently use the futures markets as a hedging tool ." COORDINATION(" that is a far less aggressive strategy than stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy big blocks of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from price differences ." , " that is a far less aggressive strategy than stock-index arbitrage , in which traders sell big blocks of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from price differences ." ))
Input: Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more expensive market and buys the cheaper one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets , and the adjustments are often abrupt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the adjustments are often abrupt ." COORDINATION(" Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more expensive market , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets ." , " Stock-index arbitrage , because it buys the cheaper one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets ." ))
Input: The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate -LRB- Jaclyn Smith -RRB- , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate -LRB- Jaclyn Smith -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches ." , " she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of repressing sex ." ))
Input: Her Pa -LRB- Howard Duff -RRB- is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , pauses at the word sin and glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she enjoyed what happened in the cold-storage room , and has been indulging the same taste ever since in the fleshpots of Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Her Pa -LRB- Howard Duff -RRB- is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , pauses at the word sin ." COORDINATION(" Her Pa -LRB- Howard Duff -RRB- is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she enjoyed what happened in the cold-storage room ." , " Her Pa -LRB- Howard Duff -RRB- is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she has been indulging the same taste ever since in the fleshpots of Chicago ." ))
Input: Add the fact that any one of them , including Pa , could be her attacker , and you have a setting that does n't resemble small-town America , or even Hollywood 's nightmare of small-town America , so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale , itself soon to be -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- a Hollywood movie .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Add the fact that any one of them , including Pa , could be her attacker ." COORDINATION(" you have a setting that does n't resemble small-town America , so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale , itself soon to be -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- a Hollywood movie ." , " you have a setting that does n't resemble Hollywood 's nightmare of small-town America , so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale , itself soon to be -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- a Hollywood movie ." ))
Input: There are two exceptions : Josh -LRB- Jeffrey DeMunn -RRB- , the local doctor who has always loved Kate ; and Lincoln -LRB- Richard Masur -RRB- , Kate 's simple-minded but affectionate brother .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are two exceptions : Josh -LRB- Jeffrey DeMunn -RRB- , the local doctor who has always loved Kate ." COORDINATION(" There are two exceptions : Lincoln -LRB- Richard Masur -RRB- , Kate 's simple-minded brother ." , " There are two exceptions : Lincoln -LRB- Richard Masur -RRB- , Kate 's affectionate brother ." ))
Input: Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger and fear , but we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy ." COORDINATION(" Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger ." , " Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with fear ." ))
Input: Or the one in which she and Josh are stranded in the city , and , after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing nothing but a mini-slip and a push-up bra .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Or the one in which after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing a mini-slip ." , " Or the one in which after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing a push-up bra ." COORDINATION(" Or the one in which after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing nothing ." COORDINATION(" Or the one in which she are stranded in the city ." , " Or the one in which Josh are stranded in the city ." )))
Input: The grapevine is n't organized , but you and I know it exists , says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals and community leaders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The grapevine is n't organized , says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals ." , " you know it exists , says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black community leaders ." , " The grapevine is n't organized , says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black community leaders ." COORDINATION(" you know it exists , says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals ." , " I know it exists , says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals ." ))
Input: I want people in the barber shops and the beauty shops and standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I want people standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show ." COORDINATION(" I want people in the barber shops to be talking about the show ." , " I want people in the beauty shops to be talking about the show ." ))
Input: Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise ." COORDINATION(" Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men ." , " Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more women ." ))
Input: We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear here or younger customers who only buy their -LCB- job -RCB- interview suit here , says William Roberti , chairman and chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We have men who only buy their shirts here , says William Roberti , chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers ." , " We have younger customers who only buy their -LCB- job -RCB- interview suit here , says William Roberti , chairman of Brooks Brothers ." , " We have younger customers who only buy their -LCB- job -RCB- interview suit here , says William Roberti , chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers ." COORDINATION(" We have men who only buy their shirts here , says William Roberti , chairman of Brooks Brothers ." , " We have men who only buy their underwear here , says William Roberti , chairman of Brooks Brothers ." ))
Input: The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently shut one of its two shirt plants in Paterson , N.J. , and has closed boys ' departments in all but 20 stores .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently shut one of its two shirt plants in Paterson , N.J. , ." COORDINATION(" The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently has closed boys ' departments in all stores ." , " The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently has closed boys ' departments in 20 stores ." ))
Input: The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it does n't change the terms of the offer except to extend its expiration date ." , " it does n't change the conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date ." COORDINATION(" The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 ." , " The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 ." ))
Input: In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate as a hoped-for goal of Telerate 's management and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts ." COORDINATION(" In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones says it views the 20 % growth rate as a hoped-for goal of Telerate 's management ." , " In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones says it views the 20 % growth rate as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance ." ))
Input: Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer ." COORDINATION(" Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones began negotiations about the terms of the offer ." , " Late last week , representatives of Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer ." ))
Input: Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers ." COORDINATION(" Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , operates financial news services ." , " Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , operates computer data bases ." ))
Input: Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president , and retain his positions as chief financial officer and treasurer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president ." COORDINATION(" Kerry P. Charlet will retain his positions as chief financial officer ." , " Kerry P. Charlet will retain his positions as treasurer ." ))
Input: Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : 1,430 pounds of ammunition , he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on unidentified aircraft , flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between 9,000 and 18,000 feet .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : 1,430 pounds of ammunition , he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on unidentified aircraft , flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : 1,430 pounds of ammunition , he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on unidentified aircraft , flying at elevations between 9,000 feet ." , " Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : 1,430 pounds of ammunition , he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on unidentified aircraft , flying at elevations between 18,000 feet ." ))
Input: Although the polyester and rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers and aramid , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce tires and metals and to make such products as bullet-proof vests .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although the polyester markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers , extremely strong fibers used to make such products as bullet-proof vests ." , " Although the rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers , extremely strong fibers used to make such products as bullet-proof vests ." , " Although the rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce tires ." , " Although the polyester markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such aramid , extremely strong fibers used to make such products as bullet-proof vests ." , " Although the polyester markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such aramid , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce metals ." , " Although the rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such aramid , extremely strong fibers used to make such products as bullet-proof vests ." COORDINATION(" Although the polyester markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce tires ." , " Although the polyester markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce metals ." ))
Input: Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe ." COORDINATION(" Akzo is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. ." , " Akzo is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in Japan ." ))
Input: Or to supply enough money to meet the increased demand and stabilize the exchange rate , as the Chancellor argued , and ensure the permanence of this policy by joining the EMS .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Or to ensure the permanence of this policy by joining the EMS ." COORDINATION(" Or to supply enough money to meet the increased demand , as the Chancellor argued , ." , " Or to supply enough money to stabilize the exchange rate , as the Chancellor argued , ." ))
Input: We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation ." COORDINATION(" We offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor , John Major ." , " We offer some of the collection for the benefit of his one-time deputy , John Major ." ))
Input: Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts , and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money -LRB- which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts ." COORDINATION(" Our advice is this : find some monetary policy target that balances both supply -LRB- which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do -RRB- ." , " Our advice is this : find some monetary policy target that balances both demand for money -LRB- which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do -RRB- ." ))
Input: Surrounded by stacks of paper , two computers and photos of himself boating and flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Surrounded by stacks of paper , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency ." , " Surrounded by two computers , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency ." COORDINATION(" Surrounded by photos of himself boating , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency ." , " Surrounded by photos of himself flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency ." ))
Input: Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , but two or three times a week , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , he said ." COORDINATION(" Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not two times a week , he said ." , " Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not three times a week , he said ." ))
Input: The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising , public relations and design all in one place , or Ogilvy Orchestration in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- Ogilvy Orchestration in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality ." COORDINATION(" The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising all in one place -- a reality ." , " The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying public relations all in one place -- a reality ." , " The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying design all in one place -- a reality ." ))
Input: In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize negative reaction from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to prepare for his defense ." COORDINATION(" In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize negative reaction from prospective clients ." , " In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize negative reaction from others ." ))
Input: The volume and profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , but looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , wrote Mr. Finkelstein .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , wrote Mr. Finkelstein ." COORDINATION(" The volume impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , wrote Mr. Finkelstein ." , " The profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , wrote Mr. Finkelstein ." ))
Input: The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food and tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to about 12 % ." COORDINATION(" The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the food giant raise funds to pay debt ." , " The sale , at a higher price than some analysts had expected , helps the tobacco giant raise funds to pay debt ." ))
Input: Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. , but RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % ." COORDINATION(" Baby Ruth are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. ." , " Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. ." ))
Input: Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria and urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation , known as apartheid .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria ." COORDINATION(" Speakers yesterday urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions ." , " Speakers yesterday urged supporters inside the country to continue defying racial segregation , known as apartheid ." ))
Input: As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ; lift all bans and restrictions on individuals and organizations ; remove all troops from the black townships ; end the state of emergency , and cease all political trials and political executions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ." , " As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : lift all restrictions on organizations ." , " As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : remove all troops from the black townships ." , " As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : end the state of emergency ." COORDINATION(" As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : cease all political trials ." , " As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : cease all political executions ." COORDINATION(" As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : lift all bans on individuals ." , " As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : lift all bans on organizations ." COORDINATION(" As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : lift all restrictions on individuals ." ))))
Input: But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But now Westinghouse may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers ." COORDINATION(" But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam turbines ." , " But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both combustion turbines ." ))
Input: Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power to the Southern California Edison Co. and backup power and steam to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power to the Southern California Edison Co. ." COORDINATION(" Westinghouse 's plant will backup power to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co ." , " Westinghouse 's plant will steam to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co ." ))
Input: We have n't decided on a strategy yet , but we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer or just the supplier , says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy and utility systems group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We have n't decided on a strategy yet , says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy systems group ." , " we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're just the supplier , says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's utility systems group ." , " We have n't decided on a strategy yet , says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's utility systems group ." COORDINATION(" we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer , says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy systems group ." , " we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're just the supplier , says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy systems group ." ))
Input: Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner , and package and sell them with its own generators and other equipment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner ." COORDINATION(" Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to package them with its own generators ." , " Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to package them with its own other equipment ." COORDINATION(" Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to sell them with its own generators ." )))
Input: Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as natural gas or oil rise sharply or if utilities , which have been pressured by regulators to keep down rates , are suddenly freed to add significant generating capacity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if utilities , which have been pressured by regulators to keep down rates , are suddenly freed to add significant generating capacity ." COORDINATION(" Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as natural gas rise sharply ." , " Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as oil rise sharply ." ))
Input: That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they scored four times and brought their big heat -- Will Clark and Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with one out and a runner on .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they scored four times ." , " That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they brought their big heat -- Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with a runner on ." COORDINATION(" That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they brought their big heat -- Will Clark -- to the plate with one out ." , " That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they brought their big heat -- Will Clark -- to the plate with a runner on ." COORDINATION(" That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they brought their big heat -- Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with one out ." )))
Input: Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , had nine hits and set or tied four-game Series marks for triples -LRB- 2 -RRB- and stolen bases -LRB- 3 -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , had nine hits ." COORDINATION(" Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , set four-game Series marks for triples -LRB- 2 -RRB- ." , " Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , set four-game Series marks for stolen bases -LRB- 3 -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , tied four-game Series marks for triples -LRB- 2 -RRB- ." )))
Input: Give me four or five more Series with these guys , and I do n't care if I ever win a Cy Young , he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't care if I ever win a Cy Young , he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award ." COORDINATION(" Give me four more Series with these guys , he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award ." , " Give me five more Series with these guys , he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award ." ))
Input: Managers learn to spot opportunities to increase customer satisfaction through speed , and shift some responsibility for analyzing , improving and streamlining work processes from themselves to teams of employees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Managers learn to spot opportunities to increase customer satisfaction through speed ." COORDINATION(" Managers learn to shift some responsibility for analyzing work processes from themselves to teams of employees ." , " Managers learn to shift some responsibility for improving work processes from themselves to teams of employees ." , " Managers learn to shift some responsibility for streamlining work processes from themselves to teams of employees ." ))
Input: Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way ." COORDINATION(" Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where the work group 's resources were used effectively ." , " Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting when the work group 's resources were used effectively ." ))
Input: The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem and identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical or could be handled by workers already on the line .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem ." COORDINATION(" The Tonawanda team identified which were could be handled by workers already on the line ." , " The Tonawanda team identified which were less critical ." COORDINATION(" The Tonawanda team identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections ." )))
Input: Under current copyright laws , it is considered fair use to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under current copyright laws , it is considered fair use to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use , while copying for purposes of resale is prohibited ." , " Under current copyright laws , it is considered fair use to reproduce copyrighted material for use by one 's friends , while copying for purposes of profit is prohibited ." , " Under current copyright laws , it is considered fair use to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use , while copying for purposes of profit is prohibited ." COORDINATION(" Under current copyright laws , it is considered fair use to reproduce copyrighted material for use by one 's family , while copying for purposes of resale is prohibited ." , " Under current copyright laws , it is considered fair use to reproduce copyrighted material for use by one 's friends , while copying for purposes of resale is prohibited ." ))
Input: The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology , and says that finding an appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal uncertainties ." , " The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce market uncertainties ." COORDINATION(" The study also says that finding an appropriate balance of harms is a political decision , not a technical one ." , " The study also says that finding an appropriate balance of benefits is a political decision , not a technical one ." COORDINATION(" The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology ." )))
Input: Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva and a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water and offer a view of the French Alps .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva ." COORDINATION(" Home is a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water ." , " Home is a low-slung house whose rooms offer a view of the French Alps ." ))
Input: Investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his parents and his wife , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares ." COORDINATION(" Investing two million Swiss francs from his parents , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares ." , " Investing two million Swiss francs from his wife , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares ." ))
Input: Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire runs under the name Omnicorp Offering Services and handles mergers and acquisitions , placement of securities and real estate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire runs under the name Omnicorp Offering Services ." COORDINATION(" Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire handles mergers ." , " Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire handles acquisitions ." COORDINATION(" Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire handles placement of securities ." , " Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire handles real estate ." )))
Input: In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ; Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ; Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ; Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ; and major real-estate projects in the U.S. and Europe .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ." , " In its portfolio are such diverse companies as Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ." , " In its portfolio are such diverse companies as Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ." , " In its portfolio are such diverse companies as Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ." COORDINATION(" In its portfolio are such diverse companies as major real-estate projects in the U.S. ." , " In its portfolio are such diverse companies as major real-estate projects in Europe ." ))
Input: The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders ." COORDINATION(" analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection ." , " analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of temporary help ." ))
Input: In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace and Electronics groups ; the new Defense and Space Group will contain the Aerospace and Electronics division and Advanced Systems , both based in the Seattle area ; Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ; Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita , Kan. , and ArgoSystems in Sunnyvale , Calif .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Defense Group will contain Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Electronics groups ; the new Defense Group will contain Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Defense Group will contain Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita , Kan. ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Space Group will contain Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Space Group will contain the Aerospace division , both based in the Seattle area ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Electronics groups ; the new Space Group will contain Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Space Group will contain Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita , Kan. ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Defense Group will contain ArgoSystems in Sunnyvale , Calif ." COORDINATION(" In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Defense Group will contain the Aerospace division , both based in the Seattle area ." , " In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Defense Group will contain the Electronics division , both based in the Seattle area ." COORDINATION(" In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace groups ; the new Defense Group will contain Advanced Systems , both based in the Seattle area ." )))
Input: They added that all of us -LRB- Cocom members -RRB- look at the changes in Hungary and Poland in a positive way , but a question of this scope deserves further discussion and study .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They added that a question of this scope deserves further discussion ." , " They added that a question of this scope deserves further study ." COORDINATION(" They added that all of us -LRB- Cocom members -RRB- look at the changes in Hungary in a positive way ." , " They added that all of us -LRB- Cocom members -RRB- look at the changes in Poland in a positive way ." ))
Input: The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The quarter was terrible ." COORDINATION(" the future looks anything ." , " the future looks encouraging ." ))
Input: Pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people and pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator ." COORDINATION(" Pestered by bosses , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator ." , " Pestered by brokers , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator ." , " Pestered by clients , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator ." , " Pestered by media people , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator ." ))
Input: In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the filing , Crane said that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time ." COORDINATION(" In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger offer ." , " In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a tender offer ." ))
Input: The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that are full of practical pitfalls ." COORDINATION(" The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals ." , " The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to the media ." , " The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to the imagination ." ))
Input: Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged ." COORDINATION(" they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense ." , " they said they are reluctant to dispose of it ." ))
Input: Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese ." , " Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese ." , " Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible use of chemicals in fruit growing ." , " Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing from the polluted air ; when I come home covered with oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible use of chemicals in fruit growing ." , " Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with head aching from the polluted air ; when I come home covered with tar ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese ." , " Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible use of chemicals in fruit growing ." COORDINATION(" Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing from the polluted air ; when I come home covered with tar ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese ." , " Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing from the polluted air ; when I come home covered with oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese ." ))
Input: While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity increasing and spreading throughout the state , the nation and the world .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity increasing ." COORDINATION(" While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity spreading throughout the state ." , " While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity spreading throughout the nation ." , " While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity spreading throughout the world ." ))
Input: If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness to citizens and lawmakers and encourage appropriate corrective action .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If nothing else , such initiatives as these will encourage appropriate corrective action ." COORDINATION(" If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness to citizens ." , " If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness to lawmakers ." ))
Input: I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call ." COORDINATION(" I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California ." , " I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about its environmental movement ." ))
Input: Shortly after that , Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million and offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber and Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shortly after that , Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million ." COORDINATION(" Shortly after that , Sony would offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber , the chance to run Columbia ." , " Shortly after that , Sony would offer its co-chairmen , Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia ." ))
Input: Warner denies Mr. Ross ever said any such thing , and , in fact , denies virtually everything Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Warner denies Mr. Ross ever said any such thing ." COORDINATION(" Warner , in fact , denies virtually everything Mr. Guber say in their affidavits ." , " Warner , in fact , denies virtually everything Mr. Peters say in their affidavits ." ))
Input: Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations , but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations ." COORDINATION(" the bitterness of this battle make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired ." , " the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired ." ))
Input: In that case , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not suffer financially , but they would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In that case , they would be left without their dream job of running a studio ." , " In that case , they would be left with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner ." COORDINATION(" In that case , Mr. Guber might not suffer financially ." , " In that case , Mr. Peters might not suffer financially ." ))
Input: At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner and the two producers , but other murkier issues will play a big role .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" other murkier issues will play a big role ." COORDINATION(" At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner ." , " At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between the two producers ." ))
Input: Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Warner denies such an agreement was made ." COORDINATION(" Warner disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call the two sides had on the matter ." , " Warner disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every meeting the two sides had on the matter ." ))
Input: The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell or Mr. Peters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling Mr. Peters ." COORDINATION(" The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone ." , " The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Kurt Russell ." ))
Input: Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel hugged and congratulated me , and expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running and having an equity position in a major entertainment company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running a major entertainment company ." , " Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of having an equity position in a major entertainment company ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel hugged me ." , " Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel congratulated me ." ))
Input: He says he told Mr. Guber he could n't sign any documents and that the deal , although apparently a good one for him and Mr. Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says he told Mr. Guber he could n't sign any documents ." COORDINATION(" He says he told Mr. Guber that the deal , although apparently a good one for him , would have a very negative impact on Warner ." , " He says he told Mr. Guber that the deal , although apparently a good one for Mr. Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner ." ))
Input: He said he would contact Mr. Ross and Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly and that , in a conference call , the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said that , in a conference call , the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract ." COORDINATION(" He said he would contact Mr. Ross ." , " He said he would contact Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly ." ))
Input: For example , he says that since 1985 , he and Mr. Peters have developed over 85 movie projects , and Warner has passed or chosen not to produce at least 76 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For example , he says that Warner has passed at least 76 ." , " For example , he says that Warner has chosen not to produce at least 76 ." COORDINATION(" For example , he says that since 1985 , he have developed over 85 movie projects ." , " For example , he says that since 1985 , Mr. Peters have developed over 85 movie projects ." ))
Input: Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own ." , " Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own ." , " Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. , responded to the challenge by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses ." , " Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including portable cassette players ." COORDINATION(" Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. , responded to the challenge by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks ." , " Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. , responded to the challenge by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including portable cassette players ." ))
Input: William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would by significantly less thereafter ." COORDINATION(" William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 ." , " William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1991 ." ))
Input: Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings in the range of $ 3.90 a share , or $ 1.9 billion , but now those estimates are being scaled back .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" now those estimates are being scaled back ." COORDINATION(" Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings in the range of $ 3.90 a share ." , " Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings in the range of $ 1.9 billion ." ))
Input: It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling ." COORDINATION(" the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , proved a hefty load to bear ." , " signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear ." ))
Input: But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling and showed the broad-based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling ." COORDINATION(" But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks showed the broad-based fears over the status of the U.K. economy in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet ." , " But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks showed the broad-based fears over the status of Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet ." ))
Input: He attributed the unusually high volume to broad-based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil and Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government and renew efforts at nationalization .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He attributed the unusually high volume to broad-based selling on fears that the Thatcher government may be in turmoil ." COORDINATION(" He attributed the unusually high volume to broad-based selling on fears that Britain 's Labor Party positioned to regain control of the government ." , " He attributed the unusually high volume to broad-based selling on fears that Britain 's Labor Party positioned to renew efforts at nationalization ." ))
Input: Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm , and were mixed in Milan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , share prices were mixed in Milan ." COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris ." , " Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Zurich ." , " Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Amsterdam ." , " Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Brussels ." , " Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Stockholm ." ))
Input: Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership ." COORDINATION(" Thousands of East Germans demanded free speech ." , " Thousands of East Germans demanded controls on the security forces ." , " Thousands of East Germans demanded an end to official privileges ." ))
Input: It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring : P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring ." , " they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear ." COORDINATION(" P&G bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ." , " P&G bring with them great experience with mundane products like toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ." COORDINATION(" Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ." )))
Input: It also has removed a ban on CIA use of a contingency fund for covert acts and has agreed to wipe away some tortured and legalistic restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA did n't get back in the assassination game .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also has removed a ban on CIA use of a contingency fund for covert acts ." COORDINATION(" It also has agreed to wipe away some tortured restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA did n't get back in the assassination game ." , " It also has agreed to wipe away some legalistic restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA did n't get back in the assassination game ." ))
Input: Instead , Mr. Bush and his aides made it clear they respected Congress 's role and felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren and the moderate Mr. Cohen to iron out their differences .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead , Mr. Bush made it clear they respected Congress 's role ." , " Instead , his aides made it clear they respected Congress 's role ." , " Instead , his aides made it clear they felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren to iron out their differences ." COORDINATION(" Instead , Mr. Bush made it clear they felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren to iron out their differences ." , " Instead , Mr. Bush made it clear they felt they could work with the moderate Mr. Cohen to iron out their differences ." ))
Input: At the same time , some congressional liberals will accuse Sens. Boren and Cohen of wimping out , and they will warn that the lawmakers ' concessions raise the specter of more internationally embarrassing covert operations like the mining of Nicaraguan harbors and the Iran arms sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , they will warn that the lawmakers ' concessions raise the specter of more internationally embarrassing covert operations like the mining of Nicaraguan harbors ." , " At the same time , they will warn that the lawmakers ' concessions raise the specter of more internationally embarrassing covert operations like the Iran arms sales ." COORDINATION(" At the same time , some congressional liberals will accuse Sens. Boren of wimping out ." , " At the same time , some congressional liberals will accuse Sens. Cohen of wimping out ." ))
Input: to help some scavengers or schemers , or help corporate America ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" to help corporate America ?" COORDINATION(" to help some scavengers ?" , " to help some schemers ?" ))
Input: Index arbitragers argue that their trading is healthy because it links markets , but critics say such trading accelerates market movements and increases the chance for a crash .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Index arbitragers argue that their trading is healthy because it links markets ." COORDINATION(" Index arbitragers argue that critics say such trading accelerates market movements ." , " Index arbitragers argue that critics say such trading increases the chance for a crash ." ))
Input: The Big Board ca n't ban stock-index futures , of course , but it could ban use of its high-speed electronic trading system for program trading or at least encourage securities firms to back off .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Big Board ca n't ban stock-index futures , of course ." COORDINATION(" it could ban use of its high-speed electronic trading system for program trading ." , " it could at least encourage securities firms to back off ." ))
Input: Economists have been anticipating a slump for months , but they now say it will be deeper and longer than they had thought .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Economists have been anticipating a slump for months ." COORDINATION(" they now say it will be deeper than they had thought ." , " they now say it will be longer than they had thought ." ))
Input: Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working or non-working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the shopping , laundry and cooking , and about two-thirds of housecleaning , washing dishes , child care and family paper work .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not unexpectedly , wives , whether non-working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the shopping ." , " Not unexpectedly , wives , whether non-working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the cooking ." , " Not unexpectedly , wives , whether non-working , did by far the most -- about two-thirds of family paper work ." COORDINATION(" Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working , did by far the most -- about two-thirds of housecleaning ." , " Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working , did by far the most -- about two-thirds of washing dishes ." , " Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working , did by far the most -- about two-thirds of child care ." , " Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working , did by far the most -- about two-thirds of family paper work ." COORDINATION(" Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the shopping ." , " Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the laundry ." , " Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the cooking ." )))
Input: But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers but spend down to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die or are discharged .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But separate reports from Joshua Weiner of the Brookings Institution find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents spend down to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die ." , " But separate reports from Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers ." , " But separate reports from Joshua Weiner of the Brookings Institution find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents spend down to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they are discharged ." COORDINATION(" But separate reports from Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents spend down to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die ." , " But separate reports from Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents spend down to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they are discharged ." COORDINATION(" But separate reports from Joshua Weiner of the Brookings Institution find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers ." , " But separate reports from Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers ." )))
Input: The Brookings and Urban Institute authors caution , however , that most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration , and reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with an unusually long stay or repeated stays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Brookings authors caution , however , that most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration ." , " The Urban Institute authors caution , however , that most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration ." , " The Urban Institute authors caution , however , that reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with repeated stays ." COORDINATION(" The Brookings authors caution , however , that reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with an unusually long stay ." , " The Brookings authors caution , however , that reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with repeated stays ." ))
Input: Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by selling their homes , using up life savings or drawing heavily on children and other relatives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by selling their homes ." , " Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by using up life savings ." COORDINATION(" Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by drawing heavily on children ." , " Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by drawing heavily on other relatives ." ))
Input: But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this does not translate into support for conservatism in general ." COORDINATION(" But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this does not translate into conservative positions on feminist issues ." , " But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this does not translate into conservative positions on civil rights issues ." ))
Input: They claimed that the Fed would first give a green light to the economy by making credit readily available and then turn on the red and bring growth to a screeching halt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They claimed that the Fed would first give a green light to the economy by making credit readily available ." COORDINATION(" They claimed that the Fed would then turn on the red ." , " They claimed that the Fed would then bring growth to a screeching halt ." ))
Input: The statement angered Chairman Greenspan , but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The statement angered Chairman Greenspan ." COORDINATION(" it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration ." , " it was greeted with applause by the financial markets ." ))
Input: Factory payrolls and production fell in September , and the auto industry and housing are in a severe crunch .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the auto industry are in a severe crunch ." , " housing are in a severe crunch ." COORDINATION(" Factory payrolls fell in September ." , " Factory production fell in September ." ))
Input: If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices ." , " If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval ." COORDINATION(" If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of color ." , " If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of food additives ." ))
Input: And Judge Newman , a former patent lawyer , wrote in her dissent when the court denied a motion for a rehearing of the case by the full court , The panel 's judicial legislation has affected an important high-technological industry , without regard to the consequences for research and innovation or the public interest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And Judge Newman , a former patent lawyer , wrote in her dissent when the court denied a motion for a rehearing of the case by the full court , The panel 's judicial legislation has affected an important high-technological industry , without regard to the consequences for the public interest ." COORDINATION(" And Judge Newman , a former patent lawyer , wrote in her dissent when the court denied a motion for a rehearing of the case by the full court , The panel 's judicial legislation has affected an important high-technological industry , without regard to the consequences for research ." , " And Judge Newman , a former patent lawyer , wrote in her dissent when the court denied a motion for a rehearing of the case by the full court , The panel 's judicial legislation has affected an important high-technological industry , without regard to the consequences for innovation ." ))
Input: The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives , polypropylene and polyethylene .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture their resin derivatives , polypropylene ." , " The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture their resin derivatives , polyethylene ." COORDINATION(" The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene ." , " The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals ethylene ." ))
Input: Crawford evaluates health care plans , manages medical and disability aspects of worker 's compensation injuries and is involved in claims adjustments for insurance companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Crawford evaluates health care plans ." , " Crawford is involved in claims adjustments for insurance companies ." COORDINATION(" Crawford manages medical aspects of worker 's compensation injuries ." , " Crawford manages disability aspects of worker 's compensation injuries ." ))
Input: Rather , it 's a device that could send shock waves through the president 's entire relationship with Democrats and Republicans alike in Congress , fundamentally enhance the power of the presidency and transform the way the government does its business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rather , it 's a device that could fundamentally enhance the power of the presidency ." , " Rather , it 's a device that could transform the way the government does its business ." COORDINATION(" Rather , it 's a device that could send shock waves through the president 's entire relationship with Democrats alike in Congress ." , " Rather , it 's a device that could send shock waves through the president 's entire relationship with Republicans alike in Congress ." ))
Input: They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ... ." , " They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every resolution to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ... ." , " They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every vote to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ... ." , " They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every resolution to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him ... ." , " They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every order to which the concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ... ." , " They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every resolution to which the concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ... ." , " They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every order to which the concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- before the same shall take effect , shall be disapproved by him ... ." COORDINATION(" They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him ... ." , " They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- before the same shall take effect , shall be disapproved by him ... ." ))
Input: This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a bill , and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a bill ." COORDINATION(" This clause , they argue , is broad enough to allow him to strike out items within bills ." , " This clause , they argue , is broad enough to allow him to strike out riders within bills ." ))
Input: Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan. -RRB- , for one , accepts this argument and earlier this year publicly urged Mr. Bush to use the line-item veto and allow the courts to decide whether or not it is constitutional .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan. -RRB- , for one , accepts this argument ." COORDINATION(" Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan. -RRB- , for one , earlier this year publicly urged Mr. Bush to allow the courts to decide it is constitutional ." , " Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan. -RRB- , for one , earlier this year publicly urged Mr. Bush to allow the courts to decide whether ." COORDINATION(" Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole -LRB- R. , Kan. -RRB- , for one , earlier this year publicly urged Mr. Bush to use the line-item veto ." )))
Input: Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every resolution to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every vote to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States , according to the limitations prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States , according to the limitations prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the House of Representatives , according to the limitations prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , according to the limitations prescribed in the case of a bill ." COORDINATION(" Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." , " Every order to which the concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the House of Representatives , according to the rules prescribed in the case of a bill ." ))
Input: As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As we regain our leadership level where we have been , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , he said ." COORDINATION(" as we continue to put new products into the marketplace , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , he said ." , " as we need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , he said ." ))
Input: Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings , separate and different listing requirements , differing trading and settlement guidelines and diverging national-policy aims .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings ." , " Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with diverging national-policy aims ." COORDINATION(" Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with differing trading guidelines ." , " Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with differing settlement guidelines ." COORDINATION(" Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with separate listing requirements ." , " Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with different listing requirements ." )))
Input: With 700 branches in Spain and 12 banking subsidiaries , five branches and 12 representative offices abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With 700 branches in Spain , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor ." COORDINATION(" With 12 banking subsidiaries abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor ." , " With five branches abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor ." , " With 12 representative offices abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor ." ))
Input: Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to individuals and small and medium-sized companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to individuals ." COORDINATION(" Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to small companies ." , " Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to medium-sized companies ." ))
Input: Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is a cost-cutting measure and an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better equipped and trained to handle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is a cost-cutting measure ." COORDINATION(" Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better equipped to handle ." , " Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better trained to handle ." ))
Input: Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by eliminating all titles and establishing several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on safety and drunk driving .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by eliminating all titles ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by establishing several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on safety ." , " Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by establishing several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on drunk driving ." ))
Input: The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 ." COORDINATION(" The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan , N.Y. , -- from 1980 to 1987 ." , " The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Brooklyn , N.Y. , -- from 1980 to 1987 ." ))
Input: We believe our suggested plan is more likely to improve the availability of quality legal service to the poor than is the proposed mandatory pro bono plan and will achieve that objective without the divisiveness , distraction , administrative burdens and possible failure that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We believe our suggested plan is more likely to improve the availability of quality legal service to the poor than is the proposed mandatory pro bono plan , said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee ." COORDINATION(" We believe our suggested plan will achieve that objective without the divisiveness that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee ." , " We believe our suggested plan will achieve that objective without the distraction that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee ." , " We believe our suggested plan will achieve that objective without the administrative burdens that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee ." , " We believe our suggested plan will achieve that objective without the possible failure that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee ." ))
Input: He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either participated in or condoned the illegal acts ... or utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors ." COORDINATION(" He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either participated in the illegal acts ... ." , " He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either condoned the illegal acts ... ." ))
Input: The individuals said Gulf Power and federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The individuals said Gulf Power are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges ." , " The individuals said federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges ." , " The individuals said federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would pay fines totaling between $ 1.5 million ." COORDINATION(" The individuals said Gulf Power are considering a settlement under which the company would pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 ." , " The individuals said Gulf Power are considering a settlement under which the company would pay fines totaling between $ 1.5 million ." ))
Input: The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has been one of the sharpest critics of Exxon 's handling of the 11 million gallon tanker spill and has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to meet and discuss it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has been one of the sharpest critics of Exxon 's handling of the 11 million gallon tanker spill ." COORDINATION(" The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to meet it ." , " The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to discuss it ." ))
Input: The March 24 oil spill soiled hundreds of miles of shoreline along Alaska 's southern coast and wreaked havoc with wildlife and the fishing industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The March 24 oil spill soiled hundreds of miles of shoreline along Alaska 's southern coast ." COORDINATION(" The March 24 oil spill wreaked havoc with wildlife ." , " The March 24 oil spill wreaked havoc with the fishing industry ." ))
Input: Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , and customer service and loan representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions and provide them with information about their accounts , according to John Kelley , executive vice president and corporate services group manager at First Tennessee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions , according to John Kelley , executive vice president at First Tennessee ." , " Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our customer service representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions , according to John Kelley , corporate services group manager at First Tennessee ." , " Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions , according to John Kelley , corporate services group manager at First Tennessee ." , " Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , information will be instantly available to provide them with information about their accounts , according to John Kelley , executive vice president at First Tennessee ." , " Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our customer service representatives , information will be instantly available to provide them with information about their accounts , according to John Kelley , executive vice president at First Tennessee ." , " Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , information will be instantly available to provide them with information about their accounts , according to John Kelley , corporate services group manager at First Tennessee ." COORDINATION(" Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our customer service representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions , according to John Kelley , executive vice president at First Tennessee ." , " Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our loan representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions , according to John Kelley , executive vice president at First Tennessee ." ))
Input: We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate manipulation during the past six months , it said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system and the use of capital and interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate manipulation during the past six months , it said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system ." COORDINATION(" We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate manipulation during the past six months , it said , citing the use of capital controls to manipulate exchange rates ." , " We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate manipulation during the past six months , it said , citing the use of interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates ." ))
Input: Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting ." COORDINATION(" Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. for three years ." , " Costa Rica had been negotiating with other banks for three years ." ))
Input: The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal , and additional funds are expected from Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" additional funds are expected from Japan ." COORDINATION(" The International Monetary Fund are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal ." , " the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal ." ))
Input: The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement and approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Florida and Indiana , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement , the company said ." COORDINATION(" The transaction is subject to approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Florida , the company said ." , " The transaction is subject to approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Indiana , the company said ." ))
Input: Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : the September leading indicators index , new-home sales and October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow ; the October purchasing managers ' index and September construction spending and manufacturers ' orders on Wednesday ; and October chain-store sales on Thursday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : October chain-store sales on Thursday ." COORDINATION(" Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : September manufacturers ' orders on Wednesday ." , " Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : September construction spending on Wednesday ." COORDINATION(" Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : the October purchasing managers ' index on Wednesday ." COORDINATION(" Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : the September leading indicators index due out tomorrow ." , " Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : new-home sales due out tomorrow ." , " Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow ." ))))
Input: Factory owners are buying new machinery at a good rate this fall , machine tool makers say , but sluggish sales of new cars and trucks raise questions about fourth-quarter demand from the important automotive industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Factory owners are buying new machinery at a good rate this fall ." COORDINATION(" sluggish sales of new cars raise questions about fourth-quarter demand from the important automotive industry ." , " sluggish sales of new trucks raise questions about fourth-quarter demand from the important automotive industry ." ))
Input: Today 's presses are large and costly machines , and a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend ." COORDINATION(" Today 's presses are large machines ." , " Today 's presses are costly machines ." ))
Input: Mr. Gandhi has called general elections for November , and many businessmen fear that he and his Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party will lose .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Gandhi has called general elections for November ." COORDINATION(" many businessmen fear that he will lose ." , " many businessmen fear that his Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party will lose ." ))
Input: Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a petrochemical and agrochemical company , and Usha Rectifier Corp . -LRB- India -RRB- , a semiconductor maker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Still to come are big issues by Usha Rectifier Corp . -LRB- India -RRB- , a semiconductor maker ." COORDINATION(" Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a petrochemical company , ." , " Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a agrochemical company , ." ))
Input: Various ministries decided the products businessmen could produce and how much ; and government-owned banks controlled the financing of projects and monitored whether companies came through on promised plans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" government-owned banks controlled the financing of projects ." , " government-owned banks monitored whether companies came through on promised plans ." COORDINATION(" Various ministries decided the products businessmen could produce ." , " Various ministries decided how much ." ))
Input: The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , but New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Exchange Commission ." , " New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational ." COORDINATION(" The Securities Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities Commission ." , " The Securities Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Exchange Commission ." COORDINATION(" The Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities Commission ." )))
Input: Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he makes no bones about the need to get to work ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery ." , " Mr. Dave , its head , acts patient ." ))
Input: Ford got a similar go-ahead earlier in October , and on Friday , Jaguar announced that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker had raised its stake to 13.2 % , or 24.2 million shares , from 12.4 % earlier in the week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ford got a similar go-ahead earlier in October ." COORDINATION(" on Friday , Jaguar announced that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker had raised its stake to 13.2 % , from 12.4 % earlier in the week ." , " on Friday , Jaguar announced that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker had raised its stake to 24.2 million shares , from 12.4 % earlier in the week ." ))
Input: Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting ." COORDINATION(" Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by urging that the government remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 ." , " Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by urging that Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 ." ))
Input: The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson and former hostages David Jacobsen , the Rev. Benjamin Weir and Father Lawrence Jenco .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson ." COORDINATION(" The production had actors playing former hostages David Jacobsen ." , " The production had actors playing former hostages the Rev. Benjamin Weir ." , " The production had actors playing former hostages Father Lawrence Jenco ." ))
Input: The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Scott Wentworth , who portrayed Mr. Anderson , and Bill Alton as Father Jenco , but the network has some big names to contend with , too .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the network has some big names to contend with , too ." COORDINATION(" The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Scott Wentworth , who portrayed Mr. Anderson ." , " The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Bill Alton as Father Jenco ." ))
Input: That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes , or even Connie Chung for that matter -LRB- who is paid $ 1.6 million a year and who recently did a guest shot of her own on the sitcom Murphy Brown -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes ." COORDINATION(" That is n't much compared with Connie Chung for that matter -LRB- who is paid $ 1.6 million a year -RRB- ." , " That is n't much compared with Connie Chung for that matter -LRB- who recently did a guest shot of her own on the sitcom Murphy Brown -RRB- ." ))
Input: They 're filming right now at the bank down the street , and they want shots of people getting out of cars and kids on skateboards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They 're filming right now at the bank down the street ." COORDINATION(" they want shots of people getting out of cars ." , " they want shots of kids on skateboards ." ))
Input: One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a work in progress , such as the Hoffman re-creation , but says CBS News is aware of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson and Mr. Hoffman 's former wife .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a work in progress , such as the Hoffman re-creation ." COORDINATION(" One person close to the process says CBS News is aware of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson ." , " One person close to the process says CBS News is aware of the concerns of Mr. Hoffman 's former wife ." ))
Input: NBC 's comedy had aired Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. and in five outings had drawn an average of only 13.2 % of homes , lagging behind the Jamie Lee Curtis comedy Anything But Love on ABC and CBS 's one-hour drama Jake and the Fatman .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NBC 's comedy had aired Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. ." COORDINATION(" NBC 's comedy in five outings had drawn an average of only 13.2 % of homes , lagging behind the Jamie Lee Curtis comedy Anything But Love on ABC ." , " NBC 's comedy in five outings had drawn an average of only 13.2 % of homes , lagging behind CBS 's one-hour drama Jake and the Fatman ." ))
Input: The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called notebook PC that weighs less than seven pounds , has a built-in hard disk drive and is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , ." COORDINATION(" The announcements include a so-called notebook PC that weighs less than seven pounds ." , " The announcements include a so-called notebook PC that has a built-in hard disk drive ." , " The announcements include a so-called notebook PC that is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor ." ))
Input: While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market and to value-added resellers and original-equipment manufacturers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to the industrial market ." COORDINATION(" While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to value-added resellers ." , " While Compaq sells its machines to businesses through computer retailers , Texas Instruments will be selling most of its machines to original-equipment manufacturers ." ))
Input: In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , according to the council ." COORDINATION(" In 1987 , the South were first respectively , according to the council ." , " In 1987 , the South were second respectively , according to the council ." COORDINATION(" In 1987 , the Midwest were first respectively , according to the council ." )))
Input: Removed from office were George Pratt , Robert E. Davis , Norman Gray , John Virtue , corporate secretary , and Barrett B. Weekes , chairman , president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Removed from office were George Pratt ." , " Removed from office were Robert E. Davis ." , " Removed from office were Norman Gray ." , " Removed from office were John Virtue , corporate secretary ." COORDINATION(" Removed from office were Barrett B. Weekes , chairman ." , " Removed from office were Barrett B. Weekes , president ." , " Removed from office were Barrett B. Weekes , chief executive officer ." ))
Input: Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is retiring as chairman but will continue as a director and chairman of the executive committee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is retiring as chairman ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is will continue as a director of the executive committee ." , " Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is will continue as a chairman of the executive committee ." ))
Input: NBI said that it has the funds to pay the dividend , but that it does n't have the surplus or profit required under Delaware law for payment of the dividend .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NBI said that it has the funds to pay the dividend ." COORDINATION(" NBI said that it does n't have the surplus required under Delaware law for payment of the dividend ." , " NBI said that it does n't have the profit required under Delaware law for payment of the dividend ." ))
Input: This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage to infrastructure such as bridges , highways and public buildings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation ." , " This estimate does n't include claims under life ." COORDINATION(" This estimate does n't include claims under damage to infrastructure such as bridges ." , " This estimate does n't include claims under damage to infrastructure such as highways ." , " This estimate does n't include claims under damage to infrastructure such as public buildings ." COORDINATION(" This estimate does n't include claims under health disability insurance ." , " This estimate does n't include claims under health liability insurance ." )))
Input: Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ; Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge ; and Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes and after using its reinsurance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ." COORDINATION(" Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes ." , " Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million after using its reinsurance ." COORDINATION(" Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million after-tax charge ." , " Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a 10 cents after-tax charge ." )))
Input: Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit not nice and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit not nice ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Sugarman said his group will continue to push for control of the company ." , " Mr. Sugarman said his group will continue to push for the removal of certain directors ." ))
Input: Presidio , a Denver oil and gas concern , said it will acquire the properties and operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems and proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil and 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Presidio , a Denver oil concern , said it will acquire the properties of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems ." , " Presidio , a Denver gas concern , said it will acquire the properties of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems ." , " Presidio , a Denver gas concern , said it will acquire the properties of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil ." , " Presidio , a Denver oil concern , said it will acquire the operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems ." , " Presidio , a Denver gas concern , said it will acquire the operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems ." , " Presidio , a Denver oil concern , said it will acquire the operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes proved reserves of 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas ." COORDINATION(" Presidio , a Denver oil concern , said it will acquire the properties of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil ." , " Presidio , a Denver oil concern , said it will acquire the properties of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes proved reserves of 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas ." ))
Input: Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets ." COORDINATION(" Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to focus operations on Canada ." , " Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to focus operations on Indonesia ." , " Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to focus operations on other international areas ." ))
Input: A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties account for about 6 % of the company 's assets and produce about 5,000 barrels of oil and 35 million cubic feet of gas a day .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties account for about 6 % of the company 's assets ." COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties produce about 5,000 barrels of oil a day ." , " A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties produce 35 million cubic feet of gas a day ." ))
Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a filing with the Securities Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares ." , " In a filing with the Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares ." , " In a filing with the Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to pay related expenses ." COORDINATION(" In a filing with the Securities Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to pay related fees ." , " In a filing with the Securities Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to pay related expenses ." ))
Input: Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dataproducts officials declined to comment ." COORDINATION(" Dataproducts officials said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition ." , " Dataproducts officials said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between Dataproducts ." ))
Input: Jayark , New York , distributes and rents audio-visual equipment and prints promotional ads for retailers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jayark , New York , prints promotional ads for retailers ." COORDINATION(" Jayark , New York , distributes audio-visual equipment ." , " Jayark , New York , rents audio-visual equipment ." ))
Input: Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange and Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does ." COORDINATION(" Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange rules ." , " Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules ." ))
Input: The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York , and third behind the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York ." , " The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in gasoline have made it the largest futures exchange in New York ." , " The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York ." , " The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in gasoline have made it third behind Chicago Mercantile Exchange ." COORDINATION(" The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil have made it third behind the Chicago Board of Trade ." , " The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil have made it third behind Chicago Mercantile Exchange ." ))
Input: But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But he said it wo n't climb further ." COORDINATION(" But he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 ." , " But he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.25 ." ))
Input: In recent weeks , warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought ." COORDINATION(" In recent weeks , warm weather has sped the Midwest harvest ." , " In recent weeks , dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest ." ))
Input: Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to profit from its price swings ." COORDINATION(" Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to then end any obligation to take delivery as it nears expiration ." , " Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to then end any obligation to make delivery as it nears expiration ." ))
Input: These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments ." COORDINATION(" These payments consisted of $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow ." , " These payments consisted of $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from zero-coupon subordinated debt ." , " These payments consisted of $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from assets sales ." ))
Input: Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles ." , " Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan produced 570,000 trucks at its factories in Australia ." COORDINATION(" Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan produced 570,000 cars at its factories in North America ." , " Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan produced 570,000 cars at its factories in Europe ." , " Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan produced 570,000 cars at its factories in Australia ." COORDINATION(" Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan produced 570,000 trucks at its factories in North America ." )))
Input: Credit market analysts expected the Treasury to cancel today 's three-month and six-month sale and to sell $ 17 billion of cash management bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Credit market analysts expected the Treasury to sell $ 17 billion of cash management bills ." COORDINATION(" Credit market analysts expected the Treasury to cancel today 's three-month sale ." , " Credit market analysts expected the Treasury to cancel today 's six-month sale ." ))
Input: Instead , the Treasury announced it would sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills today and said that the weekly sale of $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills will take place today , as usual , but the sale will settle tomorrow instead of Thursday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the sale will settle tomorrow instead of Thursday ." COORDINATION(" Instead , the Treasury said that the weekly sale of $ 15.6 billion of three-month bills will take place today , as usual ." , " Instead , the Treasury said that the weekly sale of $ 15.6 billion of six-month bills will take place today , as usual ." COORDINATION(" Instead , the Treasury announced it would sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills today ." )))
Input: As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue ." COORDINATION(" As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that the ability to easily buy , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue ." , " As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that the ability to easily sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue ." ))
Input: Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement , and a company official declined further comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" a company official declined further comment ." COORDINATION(" Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships , did n't elaborate on the statement ." , " Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement ." ))
Input: Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature ad-free educational programming similar to some public-TV shows , and the Educator 's Channel , which will offer instructional programming for teachers and school administrators and will be supported by advertising .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature ad-free educational programming similar to some public-TV shows ." COORDINATION(" Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature the Educator 's Channel , which will offer instructional programming for school administrators ." , " Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature the Educator 's Channel , which will offer instructional programming for teachers ." COORDINATION(" Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature the Educator 's Channel , which will be supported by advertising ." )))
Input: The pilot program was received well -LRB- by teachers and students -RRB- , but there was n't reason enough to sign up .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" there was n't reason enough to sign up ." COORDINATION(" The pilot program was received well -LRB- by teachers -RRB- ." , " The pilot program was received well -LRB- by students -RRB- ." ))
Input: We even invited the public to stop by and see the program , but there was n't much interest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" there was n't much interest ." COORDINATION(" We even invited the public to stop by ." , " We even invited the public to see the program ." ))
Input: Sure , price action is volatile and that 's scary , but all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest ." COORDINATION(" Sure , price action is volatile , they suggest ." , " Sure , that 's scary , they suggest ." ))
Input: Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger and buy-out proposals , earnings and the economic outlook .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Her view is that stock prices have three major props : earnings ." , " Her view is that stock prices have three major props : the economic outlook ." COORDINATION(" Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger proposals ." , " Her view is that stock prices have three major props : buy-out proposals ." ))
Input: But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But UAL has obviously put a damper on that ." COORDINATION(" But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger business ." , " But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous buy-out business ." ))
Input: Stocks are n't cheap anymore , there have been some judicial and legislative changes in the merger area and all of this changes the arithmetic of deals , she says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stocks are n't cheap anymore , she says ." , " all of this changes the arithmetic of deals , she says ." COORDINATION(" there have been some judicial changes in the merger area , she says ." , " there have been some legislative changes in the merger area , she says ." ))
Input: I 'm not saying they 've stopped altogether , but future deals are going to be structured differently and bids probably wo n't be as high .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm not saying they 've stopped altogether ." COORDINATION(" future deals are going to be structured differently ." , " bids probably wo n't be as high ." ))
Input: Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing ." COORDINATION(" with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter is getting worse ." , " with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in all of 1990 is getting worse ." ))
Input: The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The explosion led to the crash that killed 112 people ." COORDINATION(" The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic systems ." , " The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's control systems ." ))
Input: Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet and say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Researchers at Ohio State University have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet ." , " Researchers at Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology in China say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years ." , " Researchers at Ohio State University say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years ." COORDINATION(" Researchers at Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet ." , " Researchers at Lanzhou Institute of Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet ." ))
Input: Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned and its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people , or about 15 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned ." COORDINATION(" Telxon Corp. said its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people ." , " Telxon Corp. said its Houston work force has been trimmed by about 15 % ." ))
Input: The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" overseas spending is most vulnerable ." COORDINATION(" The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House defense authorizing committees ." , " The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by Senate defense authorizing committees ." ))
Input: Appropriations committees have used an assortment of devices to disguise as much as $ 1 billion in spending , and as critics have awakened to these devices , the bill can seem like a wounded caribou trying to make it past ice and wolves to reach safer winter grazing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Appropriations committees have used an assortment of devices to disguise as much as $ 1 billion in spending ." COORDINATION(" as critics have awakened to these devices , the bill can seem like a wounded caribou trying to make it past ice to reach safer winter grazing ." , " as critics have awakened to these devices , the bill can seem like a wounded caribou trying to make it past wolves to reach safer winter grazing ." ))
Input: HUD Secretary Jack Kemp backed an unsuccessful effort to strike such language last week , but received little support from the White House budget office , which wants to protect space-station funding in the bill and has tended to turn its eyes from pork-barrel amendments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HUD Secretary Jack Kemp backed an unsuccessful effort to strike such language last week ." COORDINATION(" HUD Secretary Jack Kemp received little support from the White House budget office , which wants to protect space-station funding in the bill ." , " HUD Secretary Jack Kemp received little support from the White House budget office , which has tended to turn its eyes from pork-barrel amendments ." ))
Input: Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm ." COORDINATION(" Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree moved us 50 miles north to good schools ." , " Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree moved us 50 miles north to an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old ." ))
Input: These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement ." COORDINATION(" These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had little access to an education ." , " These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had little access to training for a better life ." ))
Input: Farmers in the Midwest and other areas have suffered , but those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of men and women living in economic slavery .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of men living in economic slavery ." , " those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of women living in economic slavery ." COORDINATION(" Farmers in the Midwest have suffered ." , " Farmers in other areas have suffered ." ))
Input: Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of racism , teen pregnancy or lack of parental support or guidance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of racism ." , " Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of teen pregnancy ." COORDINATION(" Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of lack of parental support ." , " Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of lack of parental guidance ." ))
Input: Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence or contraceptives -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?" , " Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- contraceptives -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?" , " Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- contraceptives -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?" COORDINATION(" Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the school boards prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?" , " Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the mayors prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?" , " Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?" ))
Input: The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , I wish you would butt in and say , Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company , I wish you would butt in ." , " The next time somebody says , Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like South Korea , I wish you would say , Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices ." , " The next time somebody says , Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan , I wish you would say , Hold it , fellas , why do n't we use our own little Third World country ." COORDINATION(" The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company , I wish you would say , Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices ." , " The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company , I wish you would say , Hold it , fellas , why do n't we use our own little Third World country ." COORDINATION(" The next time somebody says , Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan , I wish you would butt in ." , " The next time somebody says , Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like South Korea , I wish you would butt in ." )))
Input: For years , we tried to ignore the problem of poverty , and now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for the media and our Democratic Congress .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For years , we tried to ignore the problem of poverty ." COORDINATION(" now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for the media ." , " now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for our Democratic Congress ." ))
Input: Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in Sugar Ditch , but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in Sugar Ditch ." COORDINATION(" when you travel to Washington , the same problems exist ." , " when you travel to Boston , the same problems exist ." , " when you travel to Chicago , the same problems exist ." , " when you travel to New York , the same problems exist ." ))
Input: The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with rusty pipes called plumbing , rodents and cockroaches everywhere and nonworking elevators -- and with the building patrolled by gangs and drug dealers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with rodents everywhere ." , " The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with cockroaches everywhere ." COORDINATION(" The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with the building patrolled by gangs ." , " The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with the building patrolled by drug dealers ." COORDINATION(" The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with rusty pipes called plumbing ." , " The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with nonworking elevators ." )))
Input: Wanted : An investment that 's as simple and secure as a certificate of deposit but offers a return worth getting excited about .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wanted : An investment that offers a return worth getting excited about ." COORDINATION(" Wanted : An investment that 's as simple as a certificate of deposit ." , " Wanted : An investment that 's as secure as a certificate of deposit ." ))
Input: That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too , for in-state investors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax , for in-state investors ." COORDINATION(" That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from state taxes too , for in-state investors ." , " That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from local taxes too , for in-state investors ." ))
Input: Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bond mutual funds offer diversification ." COORDINATION(" Bond mutual funds are easy to buy ." , " Bond mutual funds are easy to sell ." ))
Input: We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 'd do the strategy ." COORDINATION(" then we 'd come around ." , " then we 'd do the budget ." ))
Input: This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower ." COORDINATION(" This wo n't happen until strategists learn to work in the real world of limited budgets ." , " This wo n't happen until strategists learn to work in the real world of uncertain futures ." ))
Input: These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor and produce tons of paper , and each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away ." COORDINATION(" These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor ." , " These procedures produce tons of paper ." ))
Input: This scenario has been the rough position of the U.S. Senate since 1985 , and it reduces the baseline by $ 106 billion between 1990 and 1994 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This scenario has been the rough position of the U.S. Senate since 1985 ." COORDINATION(" it reduces the baseline by $ 106 billion between 1990 ." , " it reduces the baseline by $ 106 billion between 1994 ." ))
Input: They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made ." , " They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the impact on national security ." , " They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the best strategy for working around these limitations ." COORDINATION(" They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including an analysis of its deficiencies ." , " They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including an analysis of its limitations ." ))
Input: This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming and mistrust permeating the Pentagon and Congress , and unfortunately , there is some truth to it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This argument plays well in the atmosphere of mistrust permeating Congress ." , " unfortunately , there is some truth to it ." COORDINATION(" This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming permeating the Pentagon ." , " This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming permeating Congress ." COORDINATION(" This argument plays well in the atmosphere of mistrust permeating the Pentagon ." )))
Input: With the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With the stock market wobbly , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position ." COORDINATION(" With dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position ." , " With dollar buyers discouraged by the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position ." ))
Input: But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government and large current account and trade deficits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % ." COORDINATION(" But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because the nation is burdened with large current account deficits ." , " But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because the nation is burdened with large trade deficits ." COORDINATION(" But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because the nation is burdened with a struggling government ." )))
Input: The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials ." , " The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with Senate staffers ." , " The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with advocates ." COORDINATION(" The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with business officials ." , " The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with transportation officials ." ))
Input: The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , and three Rally 's directors : Mr. Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , ." COORDINATION(" The investor group includes three Rally 's directors : Mr. Sugarman ." , " The investor group includes three Rally 's directors : James M. Trotter III ." , " The investor group includes three Rally 's directors : William E. Trotter II ." ))
Input: Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months , but it is now in the midst of a restructuring plan and management says the company is no longer for sale .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months ." COORDINATION(" it is now in the midst of a restructuring plan ." , " management says the company is no longer for sale ." ))
Input: But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse , and the stock and futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse ." COORDINATION(" But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the stock markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days ." , " But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days ." ))
Input: You 're not going to get your taxi drivers and amahs and all that , says Rory Nicholas , a director for securities company Elders Bullion & Futures Ltd .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You 're not going to get all that , says Rory Nicholas , a director for securities company Elders Bullion & Futures Ltd ." COORDINATION(" You 're not going to get your taxi drivers , says Rory Nicholas , a director for securities company Elders Bullion & Futures Ltd ." , " You 're not going to get your amahs , says Rory Nicholas , a director for securities company Elders Bullion & Futures Ltd ." ))
Input: The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property and the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery and related marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property ." COORDINATION(" The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A ." , " The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the pending sale of half of its Chicago related marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A ." ))
Input: The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second deeds of trust or second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank ." COORDINATION(" The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans secured primarily by second deeds of trust ." , " The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans secured primarily by second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties ." ))
Input: He says the problems on European exchanges included market-system breakdowns , delayed execution of buy and sell orders and trading suspensions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says the problems on European exchanges included market-system breakdowns ." , " He says the problems on European exchanges included trading suspensions ." COORDINATION(" He says the problems on European exchanges included delayed execution of buy orders ." , " He says the problems on European exchanges included delayed execution of sell orders ." ))
Input: Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage and trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. and Japan 's Nomura Securities Co .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC , as well as Japan 's Nomura Securities Co ." , " Rather , there increasingly is a group of international trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC , as well as Japan 's Nomura Securities Co ." , " Rather , there increasingly is a group of international trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. of the U.S. ." , " Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Deutsche Bank , as well as Japan 's Nomura Securities Co ." , " Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Deutsche Bank , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. of the U.S. ." , " Rather , there increasingly is a group of international trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Deutsche Bank , as well as Japan 's Nomura Securities Co ." COORDINATION(" Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. of the U.S. ." , " Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC , as well as Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. ." ))
Input: The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn has sparked public concern ." , " The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as peanut butter has sparked public concern ." , " The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as peanut butter has sparked consumer scrutiny of food handling procedures ." COORDINATION(" The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn has sparked consumer scrutiny of food handling procedures ." , " The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn has sparked consumer scrutiny of food storage procedures ." ))
Input: It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker participation in major corporate decisions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It would provide for collective bargaining ." , " It would provide for worker participation in major corporate decisions ." COORDINATION(" It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay ." , " It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for working hours ." ))
Input: But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies ." , " But it is low enough to promote consumption ." COORDINATION(" But it is , most important , steady enough for both producers to believe in ." , " But it is , most important , steady enough for both users to believe in ." ))
Input: The current equilibrium is fragile and depends on steady , strong demand and continued relative harmony within OPEC , producer of more than 40 % of the non-Communist world 's crude .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The current equilibrium is fragile ." COORDINATION(" The current equilibrium depends on steady , strong demand ." , " The current equilibrium depends on continued relative harmony within OPEC , producer of more than 40 % of the non-Communist world 's crude ." ))
Input: The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate , the trade deficit and oil users ' corporate and personal budgets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate ." , " The same roller-coaster prices that drove many veteran oil men out of the business also played havoc with the trade deficit ." , " The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration also played havoc with the trade deficit ." , " The same roller-coaster prices that drove many veteran oil men out of the business also played havoc with oil users ' corporate budgets ." COORDINATION(" The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration also played havoc with oil users ' corporate budgets ." , " The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration also played havoc with oil users ' personal budgets ." COORDINATION(" The same roller-coaster prices that drove many veteran oil men out of the business also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate ." , " The same roller-coaster prices that drove many veteran oil companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate ." )))
Input: Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; trucks rumble along the dusty roads and burly men in hard hats sweat and swear through the afternoon sun .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; trucks rumble along the dusty roads ." COORDINATION(" Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; burly men in hard hats sweat through the afternoon sun ." , " Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; burly men in hard hats swear through the afternoon sun ." ))
Input: After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing and waiting , she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers and the daily special -LRB- grilled roast beef , cheese and jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , potato salad , baked beans and pudding , plus coffee or iced tea .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers ." , " After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them waiting , she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers ." , " After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- baked beans , plus iced tea ." COORDINATION(" After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- grilled roast beef sandwich on whole wheat , plus coffee ." , " After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- cheese sandwich on whole wheat , plus coffee ." , " After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , plus coffee ." COORDINATION(" After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- potato salad , plus coffee ." , " After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- potato salad , plus iced tea ." COORDINATION(" After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- baked beans , plus coffee ." , " After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing , she says , as she whips out orders for the daily special -LRB- pudding , plus coffee ." ))))
Input: Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who invested $ 100,000 a year ago in the first four stocks selected by your pros and then sold those one month later , purchasing the four new pro picks , and repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends , taxes and commissions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends ." , " Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding taxes ." , " Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding commissions ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who invested $ 100,000 a year ago in the first four stocks selected by your pros would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends ." , " Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who then sold those one month later , purchasing the four new pro picks would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends ." ))
Input: Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed ." COORDINATION(" Most of the cases have been in California , where another was shot ." , " Most of the cases have been in California , where another was killed ." ))
Input: When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him in the back and made off with $ 2,000 and 280 blank tickets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him in the back ." COORDINATION(" When he initially refused , he says , they made off with $ 2,000 ." , " When he initially refused , he says , they made off with 280 blank tickets ." ))
Input: Management Co. manages entertainers and produces , markets and finances entertainment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Management Co. manages entertainers ." COORDINATION(" Management Co. produces entertainment ." , " Management Co. markets entertainment ." , " Management Co. finances entertainment ." ))
Input: The reduction eases the burden on portfolio changes and frees capital to seek more productive or more appropriate uses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The reduction eases the burden on portfolio changes ." COORDINATION(" The reduction frees capital to seek more productive uses ." , " The reduction frees capital to seek more appropriate uses ." ))
Input: Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron and president of the telesystems and video products division .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Hersly formerly was president of the telesystems division ." , " Mr. Hersly formerly was president of the video products division ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing for Chyron ." , " Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of product planning for Chyron ." ))
Input: The new company 's product lines will be aimed at nurseries , greenhouses and the lawn and garden industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The new company 's product lines will be aimed at nurseries ." , " The new company 's product lines will be aimed at greenhouses ." COORDINATION(" The new company 's product lines will be aimed at the lawn industry ." , " The new company 's product lines will be aimed at the garden industry ." ))
Input: The rule will require companies with financial instruments that have off-balance sheet risks to disclose data about the value and terms of the instruments , any accounting loss that would occur if the outside party involved in the instrument failed to perform , and the company 's policy for requiring collateral or other security for the instrument .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rule will require companies with financial instruments that have off-balance sheet risks to disclose any accounting loss that would occur if the outside party involved in the instrument failed to perform ." COORDINATION(" The rule will require companies with financial instruments that have off-balance sheet risks to disclose the company 's policy for requiring collateral for the instrument ." , " The rule will require companies with financial instruments that have off-balance sheet risks to disclose the company 's policy for requiring other security for the instrument ." COORDINATION(" The rule will require companies with financial instruments that have off-balance sheet risks to disclose data about the value of the instruments ." , " The rule will require companies with financial instruments that have off-balance sheet risks to disclose data about the terms of the instruments ." )))
Input: In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons and later sent his four sons to London , Paris , Vienna and Naples to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons ." COORDINATION(" In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild later sent his four sons to London to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century ." , " In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild later sent his four sons to Paris to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century ." , " In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild later sent his four sons to Vienna to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century ." , " In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild later sent his four sons to Naples to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century ." ))
Input: The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild , and the family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild ." COORDINATION(" the family 's banking activities focused on London ." , " the family 's banking activities focused on Paris ." ))
Input: Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business ." COORDINATION(" Instead , it is to sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London ." , " Instead , it is to sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : Rothschild & Cie. in Paris ." , " Instead , it is to sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich ." ))
Input: The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that stocks and derivatives such as futures and options form a single market , and that derivatives make it a more liquid market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that derivatives make it a more liquid market ." COORDINATION(" The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that derivatives such as options form a single market ." , " The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that derivatives such as futures form a single market ." COORDINATION(" The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that stocks form a single market ." )))
Input: The executives face five to 15 years in prison and fines of $ 5,000 or double the profit made by failing to comply with the rules .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executives face five to 15 years in prison ." COORDINATION(" The executives face fines of $ 5,000 ." , " The executives face fines of double the profit made by failing to comply with the rules ." ))
Input: I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain 's House of Commons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament ." COORDINATION(" I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , said Kenneth Warren , chairman of the Select Committee on Trade in Britain 's House of Commons ." , " I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , said Kenneth Warren , chairman of the Select Committee on Industry in Britain 's House of Commons ." ))
Input: Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too damaging or costly for society to provide jobs through power-plant construction , coal mining or to build roads for public safety because of the adverse impact on the environment , but it is just fine and dandy for him to transform a mountain high in the Wasatch Range into a ski resort .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too costly for society to build roads for public safety because of the adverse impact on the environment ." COORDINATION(" Furthermore , his actions imply that it is just fine for him to transform a mountain high in the Wasatch Range into a ski resort ." , " Furthermore , his actions imply that it is just dandy for him to transform a mountain high in the Wasatch Range into a ski resort ." COORDINATION(" Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too damaging for society to provide jobs through power-plant construction , coal mining because of the adverse impact on the environment ." , " Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too damaging for society to build roads for public safety because of the adverse impact on the environment ." COORDINATION(" Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too costly for society to provide jobs through power-plant construction , coal mining because of the adverse impact on the environment ." ))))
Input: He 's rich , famous and intelligent , and has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do ." COORDINATION(" He 's rich ." , " He 's famous ." , " He 's intelligent ." ))
Input: The sixth and last report now is out , and it puts the effort in perspective .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it puts the effort in perspective ." COORDINATION(" The sixth report now is out ." , " The last report now is out ." ))
Input: They showed that participants in Division I football and men 's basketball , the big-time revenue sports , entered school with poorer high-school grades and test scores than minor-sport jocks and students who participated in other extracurricular activities , and they got lower grades once they got there , at least partly because of the athletic demands placed on them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They showed that participants in Division I football , the big-time revenue sports , entered school with poorer test scores than students who participated in other extracurricular activities ." , " They showed that they got lower grades once they got there , at least partly because of the athletic demands placed on them ." COORDINATION(" They showed that participants in Division I football , the big-time revenue sports , entered school with poorer high-school grades than minor-sport jocks ." , " They showed that participants in Division I football , the big-time revenue sports , entered school with poorer high-school grades than students who participated in other extracurricular activities ." COORDINATION(" They showed that participants in Division I football , the big-time revenue sports , entered school with poorer test scores than minor-sport jocks ." COORDINATION(" They showed that participants in men 's basketball , the big-time revenue sports , entered school with poorer high-school grades than minor-sport jocks ." ))))
Input: They always say to get a degree first , but they do n't allow us time or to skip practice to study for a test .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They always say to get a degree first ." COORDINATION(" they do n't allow us time ." , " they do n't allow us to skip practice to study for a test ." ))
Input: -- Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again , and not for the big bowl revenues or lucrative TV contracts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again ." COORDINATION(" -- Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played not for the big bowl revenues ." , " -- Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played not for lucrative TV contracts ." ))
Input: The Knight Foundation , of Akron , Ohio , has established a national commission to look into college-sports reform , and the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half , moving the start of basketball practice back by a month and reducing maximum schedules in that sport to 25 games from 28 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Knight Foundation , of Akron , Ohio , has established a national commission to look into college-sports reform ." COORDINATION(" the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half ." , " the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended moving the start of basketball practice back by a month ." , " the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended reducing maximum schedules in that sport to 25 games from 28 ." ))
Input: Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks , or SONG .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's SONG ." COORDINATION(" Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds ." , " Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Geeks ." ))
Input: Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils ." COORDINATION(" Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with a preoccupation with computers ." , " Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with a preoccupation with matters numerical ." ))
Input: The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as Real Genius , in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ; and naturally , the Revenge of the Nerds , a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as Real Genius , in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ." COORDINATION(" The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as the Revenge of the Nerds , a tale of college males with runny noses ." , " The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as the Revenge of the Nerds , a tale of college males with ill-fitting pants ." ))
Input: They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of unemployment and high inflation , and recommend ways to soften the social consequences .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They also recommend ways to soften the social consequences ." COORDINATION(" They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of unemployment ." , " They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of high inflation ." ))
Input: The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy and concede that quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy ." COORDINATION(" The authors concede that quick paths to success simply do n't exist ." , " The authors concede that easy paths to success simply do n't exist ." ))
Input: The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The document proposes allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation ." COORDINATION(" The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises ." , " The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned farms ." ))
Input: By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business ." COORDINATION(" By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be handed over to workers who would buy them ." , " By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be handed over to workers who would lease them ." COORDINATION(" By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be handed over to workers who would turn them into cooperatives ." )))
Input: The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled , and free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade and some retail trade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled ." COORDINATION(" free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade ." , " free-market prices introduced for some retail trade ." ))
Input: Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices , but luxury and imported items , including food , would be sold at market prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" luxury , including food , would be sold at market prices ." , " imported items , including food , would be sold at market prices ." COORDINATION(" Consumers would still be able to buy some food at subsidized prices ." , " Consumers would still be able to buy some household goods at subsidized prices ." ))
Input: Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ." , " Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ." COORDINATION(" Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers ." , " Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between purchasers ." ))
Input: The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : the State Planning Committee , known as Gosplan , and the State Committee for Material Supply , or Gossnab .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : the State Planning Committee , known as Gosplan ." COORDINATION(" The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : the State Committee for Material Supply ." , " The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : Gossnab ." ))
Input: The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , ." COORDINATION(" The Giants trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third game ." , " The Giants trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the deciding game ." ))
Input: The Giants scored once and had runners on second -LCB- Whitey Lockman -RCB- and third -LCB- Clint Hartung -RCB- as Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Giants scored once ." COORDINATION(" The Giants had runners on second -LCB- Whitey Lockman -RCB- as Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate ." , " The Giants had runners on third -LCB- Clint Hartung -RCB- as Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate ." ))
Input: The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high and inside and then , with a crack of the bat , was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The pitch then , with a crack of the bat , was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands ." COORDINATION(" The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high ." , " The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson inside ." ))
Input: Mr. Engelken and Mr. Thomson drifted in different directions in the subsequent years , and the Polo Grounds , located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan , was replaced by a public-housing project .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the Polo Grounds , located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan , was replaced by a public-housing project ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Engelken drifted in different directions in the subsequent years ." , " Mr. Thomson drifted in different directions in the subsequent years ." ))
Input: A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price the company is seeking or on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 4 million and C$ 7 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price the company is seeking ." COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 4 million ." , " A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 7 million ." ))
Input: For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For the nine months , Norton had a tax credit of $ 4.4 million ." COORDINATION(" For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million ." , " For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 3.87 a share ." ))
Input: In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 77.2 million , or $ 3.68 a share , and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , the company had a tax credit of $ 7.7 million ." COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 77.2 million ." , " In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 3.68 a share ." ))
Input: Energetic and concrete action has been taken in Colombia during the past 60 days against the mafiosi of the drug trade , but it has not been sufficiently effective , because , unfortunately , it came too late .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it has not been sufficiently effective , because , unfortunately , it came too late ." COORDINATION(" Energetic action has been taken in Colombia during the past 60 days against the mafiosi of the drug trade ." , " concrete action has been taken in Colombia during the past 60 days against the mafiosi of the drug trade ." ))
Input: Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities , and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" sophisticated communications equipment have been seized ." , " powerful communications equipment have been seized ." COORDINATION(" Luxurious homes have been raided by the military authorities ." , " Luxurious ranches have been raided by the military authorities ." ))
Input: More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports , and a large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" a large number of vehicles has been confiscated ." , " a large number of launches has been confiscated ." COORDINATION(" More than 300 planes have been impounded at airports ." , " More than 300 helicopters have been impounded at airports ." ))
Input: Much has been accomplished and public opinion decisively supports the government and the army -- but , on the other hand , none of the key drug barons have been captured .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Much has been accomplished ." , " on the other hand , none of the key drug barons have been captured ." COORDINATION(" public opinion decisively supports the government ." , " public opinion decisively supports the army ." ))
Input: A just price and an open market for what Colombian produces and exports should be the policy of the U.S. .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A just price should be the policy of the U.S. ." COORDINATION(" an open market for what Colombian produces should be the policy of the U.S. ." , " an open market for what Colombian exports should be the policy of the U.S. ." ))
Input: Running the nation 's largest and most ornery city may be no treat , but at least Mr. Dinkins knows what to expect from it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" at least Mr. Dinkins knows what to expect from it ." COORDINATION(" Running the nation 's largest city may be no treat ." , " Running the nation 's most ornery city may be no treat ." ))
Input: Polls also have recorded some slippage in Mr. Dinkins 's support among Jewish voters , and citywide projections now put his lead at between four and 20 percentage points .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Polls also have recorded some slippage in Mr. Dinkins 's support among Jewish voters ." COORDINATION(" citywide projections now put his lead at between four percentage points ." , " citywide projections now put his lead at between 20 percentage points ." ))
Input: If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice ." COORDINATION(" If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have to raise taxes on overburdened businesses ." , " If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have to cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods ." ))
Input: His supporters are not venal , but their solution to everything will be to spend more money , and he wo n't have any money .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" His supporters are not venal ." COORDINATION(" their solution to everything will be to spend more money ." , " he wo n't have any money ." ))
Input: A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , joining a local Democratic political club in the 1950s , linking up with black urban leaders such as Charles Rangel , Basil Paterson and Mr. Sutton , and getting himself elected to the state assembly in 1965 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , joining a local Democratic political club in the 1950s ." , " A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , getting himself elected to the state assembly in 1965 ." COORDINATION(" A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , linking up with black urban leaders such as Charles Rangel ." , " A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , linking up with black urban leaders such as Basil Paterson ." , " A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , linking up with black urban leaders such as Mr. Sutton ." ))
Input: Mr. Sutton recalls : When I left , I sat down with Charlie -LCB- Rangel -RCB- , Basil -LCB- Paterson -RCB- and David , and David said , Who will run for borough president ? And I said , You will .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Sutton recalls : When I left , David said , Who will run for borough president ? ." , " Mr. Sutton recalls : When I left , I said , You will ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Sutton recalls : When I left , I sat down with Charlie -LCB- Rangel -RCB- , ." , " Mr. Sutton recalls : When I left , I sat down with Basil -LCB- Paterson -RCB- , ." , " Mr. Sutton recalls : When I left , I sat down with David , ." ))
Input: But by most accounts , he made little of the post and was best known among city politicians for his problems making up his mind on matters before the city 's Board of Estimate , the body that votes on crucial budget and land-use matters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But by most accounts , he made little of the post ." COORDINATION(" But by most accounts , he was best known among city politicians for his problems making up his mind on matters before the city 's Board of Estimate , the body that votes on crucial budget matters ." , " But by most accounts , he was best known among city politicians for his problems making up his mind on matters before the city 's Board of Estimate , the body that votes on crucial land-use matters ." ))
Input: I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind , Mr. Ferrer admits , but he maintains that he did n't delay his support of Mr. Dinkins and that he backs the Democratic candidate enthusiastically .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind , Mr. Ferrer admits ." COORDINATION(" he maintains that he did n't delay his support of Mr. Dinkins ." , " he maintains that he backs the Democratic candidate enthusiastically ." ))
Input: Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch , former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola and Messrs. Leventhal and Gliedman .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch ." , " Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola ." COORDINATION(" Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include Messrs. Leventhal ." , " Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include Messrs. Gliedman ." ))
Input: One of the friends sweeps broken dishes and shattered glass from a countertop and starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One of the friends starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen ." COORDINATION(" One of the friends sweeps broken dishes from a countertop ." , " One of the friends sweeps shattered glass from a countertop ." ))
Input: Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to fly these executives back to the West Coast and bring along portable computers , cellular phones and some claims adjusters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to fly these executives back to the West Coast ." COORDINATION(" Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to bring along portable computers ." , " Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to bring along cellular phones ." , " Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to bring along some claims adjusters ." ))
Input: Using a calculator and a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting , plumbing and roofing in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market and what it would cost to rebuild it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Using a calculator , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market ." , " Using a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out what it would cost to rebuild it ." , " Using a calculator , adjusters can figure out what it would cost to rebuild it ." COORDINATION(" Using a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market ." , " Using a unit-price guide for such jobs as plumbing in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market ." , " Using a unit-price guide for such jobs as roofing in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market ." ))
Input: The apartment she shares with a 12-year-old daughter and her sister was rattled , books and crystal hit the floor , but nothing was severely damaged .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" nothing was severely damaged ." COORDINATION(" books hit the floor ." , " crystal hit the floor ." COORDINATION(" The apartment she shares with a 12-year-old daughter was rattled ." , " The apartment she shares with her sister was rattled ." )))
Input: I agree , it 's ridiculous , says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I agree , it 's ridiculous , says Mr. Boren ." COORDINATION(" indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- covert action ." , " indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides not to take -- covert action ." ))
Input: I remembered how hard it was for an outsider to become accepted by long-established , stake-holding residents , and what pitfalls awaited an original thinker in societies that were long accustomed to unchanging , safe ways of thought and action .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I remembered how hard it was for an outsider to become accepted by long-established , stake-holding residents ." COORDINATION(" I remembered what pitfalls awaited an original thinker in societies that were long accustomed to unchanging , safe ways of thought ." , " I remembered what pitfalls awaited an original thinker in societies that were long accustomed to unchanging , safe ways of action ." ))
Input: One analyst said the first ship probably will be delivered close to schedule , but that Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the second and third ships .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One analyst said the first ship probably will be delivered close to schedule ." COORDINATION(" One analyst said that Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the second ships ." , " One analyst said that Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the third ships ." ))
Input: The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties , and unamortized issue discount and costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties ." , " The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of unamortized issue discount ." COORDINATION(" The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt ." , " The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries ." ))
Input: The company said the repayment or redemption of the long-term debt , and the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures and notes and $ 900 million in bank borrowings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said the repayment of the long-term debt , was made possible by an offering of $ 900 million in bank borrowings ." , " The company said the redemption of the long-term debt , was made possible by an offering of $ 900 million in bank borrowings ." , " The company said the redemption of the long-term debt , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures ." , " The company said the repayment of the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of $ 900 million in bank borrowings ." , " The company said the repayment of the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of notes ." , " The company said the redemption of the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of $ 900 million in bank borrowings ." COORDINATION(" The company said the repayment of the long-term debt , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures ." , " The company said the repayment of the long-term debt , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of notes ." ))
Input: They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They build the Ford Escort ." , " They build full-sized pickup trucks ." COORDINATION(" They build the Lincoln Town Car ." , " They build the Continental ." , " They build the Mark VII ." ))
Input: They build extended minivans and the Dodge Spirit , Acclaim , Shadow and Sundance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They build extended minivans ." COORDINATION(" They build the Dodge Spirit ." , " They build the Acclaim ." , " They build the Shadow ." , " They build the Sundance ." ))
Input: The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry , but uncertainties are beginning to mount even there .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" uncertainties are beginning to mount even there ." COORDINATION(" The mergers market has been a saving grace for the industry ." , " The acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry ." ))
Input: SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales ." COORDINATION(" SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help restructure the resorts ." , " SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help restructure the media company ." ))
Input: Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under the Racketeer Influenced law , the government has the authority to seek to seize a defendant 's assets before trial ." , " Under RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze a defendant 's assets before trial ." , " Under RICO , the government has the authority to seek to seize a defendant 's assets before trial ." COORDINATION(" Under the Racketeer Influenced law , the government has the authority to seek to freeze a defendant 's assets before trial ." , " Under the Corrupt Organizations law , the government has the authority to seek to freeze a defendant 's assets before trial ." ))
Input: Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit ." COORDINATION(" Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar ." , " Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against others ." ))
Input: In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In general , markets function well ." COORDINATION(" In general , markets adjust smoothly to changing economic circumstances ." , " In general , markets adjust smoothly to changing financial circumstances ." ))
Input: As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed ." , " trading in many stocks was suspended ." , " orders took unduly long to be executed ." , " many specialists stopped trading altogether ." COORDINATION(" The margins between buying bids widened ." , " The margins between selling bids widened ." ))
Input: His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" soon he is out of control ." COORDINATION(" His skis spread farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic ." , " His skis spread farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic ." ))
Input: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the bugs are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts ." COORDINATION(" the bugs are n't expected to hurt Intel ." , " the bugs are n't expected to hurt most computer makers ." ))
Input: What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" then very seldom ." COORDINATION(" What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design , he said ." , " What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as scientific calculations , he said ." ))
Input: Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs ." COORDINATION(" Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to provide technology to modernize old facilities ." , " Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to provide technology to build new ones ." ))
Input: I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court ." , " I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through Justice ." COORDINATION(" I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through state regulatory agencies ." , " I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through federal regulatory agencies ." ))
Input: Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here , and huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here ." COORDINATION(" huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. have recently left ." , " huge operations like Trans World Airlines have recently left ." ))
Input: City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in , but negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm and under the code name Everglades .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in ." COORDINATION(" negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm ." , " negotiations had all been conducted under the code name Everglades ." ))
Input: It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It received more offers ." COORDINATION(" the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share ." , " the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant ." ))
Input: Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other new board members include James F. Lyons ." , " Other new board members include William S. Goldberg ." , " Other new board members include Harold S. Handelsman ." COORDINATION(" Other new board members include John S. Harrison of First Boston ." , " Other new board members include Mark A. Adley of First Boston ." ))
Input: This raises questions whether futures and equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels and whether futures margins are adequate , Mr. Brady said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This raises questions whether futures margins are adequate , Mr. Brady said ." COORDINATION(" This raises questions whether futures requirements are consistent at these levels , Mr. Brady said ." , " This raises questions whether equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels , Mr. Brady said ." ))
Input: Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically individuals and non-member traders , and $ 6,000 for hedgers , which are usually institutions and have offsetting positions in the underlying stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Currently , they stand at $ 6,000 for hedgers , which are usually institutions ." , " Currently , they stand at $ 6,000 for hedgers , which have offsetting positions in the underlying stocks ." COORDINATION(" Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically individuals , ." , " Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically non-member traders , ." ))
Input: That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies ." COORDINATION(" That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would improve clearing of trades between the futures and stock markets ." , " That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would improve settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets ." COORDINATION(" That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would mandate large traders ' reporting of program ." , " That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would mandate large traders ' reporting of block trades ." )))
Input: The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Patrick Leahy -LRB- D. , Vt. -RRB- , Richard Lugar -LRB- R. , Ind. -RRB- , and Bob Kerrey -LRB- D. , Neb. -RRB- , covers a wide range of provisions that would affect the funding and authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and would profoundly change the way the industry is regulated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Patrick Leahy -LRB- D. , Vt. -RRB- , covers a wide range of provisions that would profoundly change the way the industry is regulated ." , " The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Richard Lugar -LRB- R. , Ind. -RRB- , covers a wide range of provisions that would profoundly change the way the industry is regulated ." , " The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Bob Kerrey -LRB- D. , Neb. -RRB- , covers a wide range of provisions that would profoundly change the way the industry is regulated ." , " The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Richard Lugar -LRB- R. , Ind. -RRB- , covers a wide range of provisions that would affect the funding of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ." COORDINATION(" The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Patrick Leahy -LRB- D. , Vt. -RRB- , covers a wide range of provisions that would affect the funding of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ." , " The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Patrick Leahy -LRB- D. , Vt. -RRB- , covers a wide range of provisions that would affect the authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ." ))
Input: These include provisions relating to the technology and systems that must be employed by exchanges , oversight and disciplinary procedures for exchange trading practices , the relationship between commodity brokerage firms and floor traders , and exchange governance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include the relationship between commodity brokerage firms and floor traders ." , " These include exchange governance ." COORDINATION(" These include oversight procedures for exchange trading practices ." , " These include disciplinary procedures for exchange trading practices ." COORDINATION(" These include provisions relating to the technology that must be employed by exchanges ." , " These include provisions relating to the systems that must be employed by exchanges ." )))
Input: The bill also elevates even minor rule infractions to felonies and provides for recovery of punitive damages in civil lawsuits and arbitration cases without any showing of willful misconduct .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bill also elevates even minor rule infractions to felonies ." COORDINATION(" The bill also provides for recovery of punitive damages in civil lawsuits without any showing of willful misconduct ." , " The bill also provides for recovery of punitive damages in arbitration cases without any showing of willful misconduct ." ))
Input: Other aspects of the bill , however , are either structured in ways that create unnecessary burdens for the industry or actually are harmful to the exchanges , the industry and ultimately the general public .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other aspects of the bill , however , are either structured in ways that create unnecessary burdens for the industry ." COORDINATION(" Other aspects of the bill , however , are either actually are harmful to the exchanges ." , " Other aspects of the bill , however , are either actually are harmful to the industry ." , " Other aspects of the bill , however , are either actually are harmful to ultimately the general public ." ))
Input: Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other provisions have a more subtle effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges ." COORDINATION(" Other provisions have a nonetheless real effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges ." , " Other provisions have a nonetheless detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges ." ))
Input: That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , positive and negative , of the proposed resolutions to those problems , and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That temptation must be put aside to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades ." COORDINATION(" That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , positive , of the proposed resolutions to those problems ." , " That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , negative , of the proposed resolutions to those problems ." ))
Input: Three novels , The Beginning and the End -LRB- 412 pages , $ 19.95 -RRB- , The Thief and the Dogs -LRB- 158 pages , $ 16.95 -RRB- , and Wedding Song -LRB- 174 pages , $ 16.95 -RRB- , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Three novels , Wedding Song -LRB- 174 pages , $ 16.95 -RRB- , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent ." COORDINATION(" Three novels , The Thief -LRB- 158 pages , $ 16.95 -RRB- , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent ." , " Three novels , the Dogs -LRB- 158 pages , $ 16.95 -RRB- , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent ." COORDINATION(" Three novels , The Beginning -LRB- 412 pages , $ 19.95 -RRB- , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent ." , " Three novels , the End -LRB- 412 pages , $ 19.95 -RRB- , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent ." )))
Input: But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades and include work of social realism , protest and allegory .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades ." COORDINATION(" But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels include work of social realism ." , " But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels include work of protest ." , " But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels include work of allegory ." ))
Input: The Beginning and the End , easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's realistic period and it is the one for which he is most renowned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it is the one for which he is most renowned ." COORDINATION(" The Beginning , easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's realistic period ." , " the End , easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's realistic period ." ))
Input: We see , smell and hear slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language , rattling coughs and the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats and spewing into the street .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We see slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language ." , " We smell slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language ." , " We hear slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language ." , " We see slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with rattling coughs ." , " We smell slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with the sound of people spewing into the street ." COORDINATION(" We see slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats ." , " We see slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with the sound of people spewing into the street ." ))
Input: The Thief and the Dogs is a pioneering work , the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic , but it is likely to disappoint Western readers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it is likely to disappoint Western readers ." COORDINATION(" The Thief is a pioneering work , the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic , ." , " the Dogs is a pioneering work , the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic , ." ))
Input: The clutter of the 1940s remains , but its color has drained away , and the will to overcome has been defeated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The clutter of the 1940s remains ." COORDINATION(" its color has drained away ." , " the will to overcome has been defeated ." ))
Input: The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 19 cents , 70 cents and 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 , respectively .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , ." , " The tentative agreement provides for increases of 70 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1992 , respectively ." COORDINATION(" The tentative agreement provides for increases of 19 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , respectively ." , " The tentative agreement provides for increases of 19 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1992 , respectively ." , " The tentative agreement provides for increases of 19 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1993 , respectively ." COORDINATION(" The tentative agreement provides for increases of 70 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , respectively ." , " The tentative agreement provides for increases of 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , respectively ." )))
Input: They transferred some $ 28 million from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for low - and moderate-income projects and funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for job retention in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for equipment and landscaping to deter crime and aid police surveillance at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for integrated urban data based in seven cities . No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library and recreation center at Mackinac Island , Mich .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for job retention in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for equipment and landscaping to aid police surveillance at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for integrated urban data based in seven cities . No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library at Mackinac Island , Mich ." COORDINATION(" They funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for job retention in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for equipment and landscaping to deter crime at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for integrated urban data based in seven cities . No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library at Mackinac Island , Mich ." , " They funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for job retention in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for equipment and landscaping to deter crime at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for integrated urban data based in seven cities . No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a recreation center at Mackinac Island , Mich ." COORDINATION(" They transferred some $ 28 million from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for low - projects ." , " They transferred some $ 28 million from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for moderate-income projects ." )))
Input: We 're trying to take the imagination and talent of our engineers and come up with new processes for industry , says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're trying to come up with new processes for industry , says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive ." COORDINATION(" We 're trying to take the imagination of our engineers , says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive ." , " We 're trying to take the talent of our engineers , says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive ." ))
Input: A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame , but so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army and delays in getting paid .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame ." COORDINATION(" so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army ." , " so were delays in getting paid ." ))
Input: He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s and '70s : for assault and unlawful confinement , for fraud and forgery of private documents , and for extortion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s : for extortion ." , " He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '70s : for extortion ." , " He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '70s : for unlawful confinement ." , " He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '70s : for forgery of private documents ." COORDINATION(" He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s : for fraud ." , " He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s : for forgery of private documents ." COORDINATION(" He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s : for assault ." , " He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s : for unlawful confinement ." )))
Input: But it said that its consumer banks in Oregon , California , Nevada and Washington performed well during the quarter and that nonperforming assets at these banks declined by 14 % over the year-ago period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it said that nonperforming assets at these banks declined by 14 % over the year-ago period ." COORDINATION(" But it said that its consumer banks in Oregon performed well during the quarter ." , " But it said that its consumer banks in California performed well during the quarter ." , " But it said that its consumer banks in Nevada performed well during the quarter ." , " But it said that its consumer banks in Washington performed well during the quarter ." ))
Input: The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt ." COORDINATION(" The company said it expects to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers ." , " The company said it expects to use the proceeds for general corporate purposes , including possible acquisitions ." ))
Input: Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the information and electronics segment , the Dynapert electrical assembly business and Mallory Capacitors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the Dynapert electrical assembly business ." , " Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : Mallory Capacitors ." COORDINATION(" Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the information segment ." , " Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the electronics segment ." ))
Input: The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG and French banks Credit Lyonnais and Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The chairman said his board members , including representatives of West German insurance giant Allianz AG , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital ." COORDINATION(" The chairman said his board members , including representatives of French banks Credit Lyonnais , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital ." , " The chairman said his board members , including representatives of French banks Societe Generale , hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital ." ))
Input: He retains his titles of president and chief operating officer and succeeds as chief executive Howard O. Painter Jr. , who remains chairman of the board .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He succeeds as chief executive Howard O. Painter Jr. , who remains chairman of the board ." COORDINATION(" He retains his titles of president ." , " He retains his titles of chief operating officer ." ))
Input: The Japanese have watched the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market , and they fret that business practices that have won them huge profits at home wo n't translate into success in the U.S. .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they fret that business practices that have won them huge profits at home wo n't translate into success in the U.S. ." COORDINATION(" The Japanese have watched the Europeans stumble in the U.S. market ." , " The Japanese have watched the Canadians stumble in the U.S. market ." ))
Input: The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. in Bethlehem and is marketed in a package decorated with green , black , red and white stripes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. in Bethlehem ." COORDINATION(" The spaghetti is marketed in a package decorated with green stripes ." , " The spaghetti is marketed in a package decorated with black stripes ." , " The spaghetti is marketed in a package decorated with red stripes ." , " The spaghetti is marketed in a package decorated with white stripes ." ))
Input: British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers chemically removed stamp cancellations , regummed the stamps and sold them to U.S. collectors or , in large lots , to British businesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers chemically removed stamp cancellations ." , " British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers regummed the stamps ." COORDINATION(" British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers sold them to U.S. collectors ." , " British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers sold them to British businesses ." ))
Input: The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dollar soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson ." COORDINATION(" The dollar rose modestly against the mark ." , " The dollar rose modestly against the yen ." ))
Input: The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State , Justice , and Commerce in fiscal 1990 and imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government ." COORDINATION(" The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State in fiscal 1990 ." , " The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of Justice in fiscal 1990 ." , " The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of Commerce in fiscal 1990 ." ))
Input: An estimated $ 40 million would come annually from a new $ 20,000 charge on pre-merger notifications to the Justice Department , and Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" An estimated $ 40 million would come annually from a new $ 20,000 charge on pre-merger notifications to the Justice Department ." COORDINATION(" Securities Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget ." , " Exchange Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget ." ))
Input: The House agreed to defer for a year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants but , by a 287-123 margin , the chamber stripped a Senate initiative to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as New Hampshire and Delaware , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The House agreed to defer for a year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants ." COORDINATION(" by a 287-123 margin , the chamber stripped a Senate initiative to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as New Hampshire , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 ." , " by a 287-123 margin , the chamber stripped a Senate initiative to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as Delaware , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 ." ))
Input: The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter ." COORDINATION(" expectations of continued slow vehicle sales are casting a pall over the fourth period ." , " expectations of continued price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period ." ))
Input: An 8.5 % drop in North American factory sales of cars and trucks cut into revenue , and rebates to dealers and customers more than offset gains from price increases on 1990 model vehicles delivered during the period , a GM spokesman said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" rebates to dealers more than offset gains from price increases on 1990 model vehicles delivered during the period , a GM spokesman said ." , " rebates to customers more than offset gains from price increases on 1990 model vehicles delivered during the period , a GM spokesman said ." COORDINATION(" An 8.5 % drop in North American factory sales of cars cut into revenue , a GM spokesman said ." , " An 8.5 % drop in North American factory sales of trucks cut into revenue , a GM spokesman said ." ))
Input: Last season , Hartford Stage director Mark Lamos mounted a production at Lincoln Center , and currently two other productions -- one just closed at the Old Globe in San Diego and another now at the Seattle Rep -- overlap with Mr. Boyd 's .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last season , Hartford Stage director Mark Lamos mounted a production at Lincoln Center ." COORDINATION(" currently two other productions -- one just closed at the Old Globe in San Diego -- overlap with Mr. Boyd 's ." , " currently two other productions -- another now at the Seattle Rep -- overlap with Mr. Boyd 's ." ))
Input: When Isabella -LRB- Ellen Lauren -RRB- confronts her brother Claudio -LRB- Matt Loney -RRB- in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom ; when Isabella and the disguised Duke -LRB- Philip Kerr -RRB- conspire to trick Angelo ; and when Mariana -LRB- Annalee Jefferies -RRB- , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy and intelligence .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When Isabella -LRB- Ellen Lauren -RRB- confronts her brother Claudio -LRB- Matt Loney -RRB- in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy ." , " when Isabella conspire to trick Angelo , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intelligence ." , " when Mariana -LRB- Annalee Jefferies -RRB- , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy ." , " When Isabella -LRB- Ellen Lauren -RRB- confronts her brother Claudio -LRB- Matt Loney -RRB- in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intelligence ." COORDINATION(" when Isabella conspire to trick Angelo , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy ." , " when the disguised Duke -LRB- Philip Kerr -RRB- conspire to trick Angelo , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy ." ))
Input: It 's a valid approach , but it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's a valid approach ." COORDINATION(" it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination ." , " it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of taste ." ))
Input: Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , Steel Magnolias , helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , Steel Magnolias , helped a lot ." COORDINATION(" so did cost cutting ." , " so did other measures insisted on by the board ." ))
Input: Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend between 250 million marks -LRB- $ 136.4 million -RRB- and 350 million marks for the rest of Gradmann & Holler , or roughly 25 to 30 times the private firm 's estimated earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend roughly 25 to 30 times the private firm 's estimated earnings ." COORDINATION(" Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend between 250 million marks -LRB- $ 136.4 million -RRB- for the rest of Gradmann & Holler ." , " Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend between 350 million marks for the rest of Gradmann & Holler ." ))
Input: Mr. Kiep said he sought the combination because all our large clients in Germany are becoming European companies or multinational companies and they expect an insurance broker to serve them as well in Paris as in Germany .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Kiep said he sought the combination because they expect an insurance broker to serve them as well in Paris as in Germany ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Kiep said he sought the combination because all our large clients in Germany are becoming European companies ." , " Mr. Kiep said he sought the combination because all our large clients in Germany are becoming multinational companies ." ))
Input: The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latest quarter 's results , however , included a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares ." COORDINATION(" The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. ." , " The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. ." ))
Input: The maker of water-treatment chemicals and equipment said it will select the plant site early next year , and production is expected to begin in 1991 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" production is expected to begin in 1991 ." COORDINATION(" The maker of water-treatment chemicals said it will select the plant site early next year ." , " The maker of water-treatment equipment said it will select the plant site early next year ." ))
Input: As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance , three paid staffers , up to $ 67,000 for stationery and telephones and continued use of the franking privilege .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance ." , " As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys three paid staffers ." , " As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys continued use of the franking privilege ." COORDINATION(" As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys up to $ 67,000 for stationery ." , " As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys up to $ 67,000 for telephones ." ))
Input: There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff ." COORDINATION(" There are few mementos of his days as confidant of Ronald Reagan ." , " There are few mementos of his days as confidant of Nancy Reagan ." ))
Input: He is also a recovering workaholic , relaxing with his family and creating topiary , or garden-shrub sculpture , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He is also a recovering workaholic , relaxing with his family ." COORDINATION(" He is also a recovering workaholic , creating topiary , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal ." , " He is also a recovering workaholic , creating garden-shrub sculpture , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal ." ))
Input: He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He is now in solo law practice in Washington ." COORDINATION(" his fees have been meager ." , " he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book ." ))
Input: Sex scandals make people look careless and silly , and one of the worst sins in Washington is to be laughed at .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" one of the worst sins in Washington is to be laughed at ." COORDINATION(" Sex scandals make people look careless ." , " Sex scandals make people look silly ." ))
Input: Sex and violence are routinely included even when they are irrelevant to the script , and high-tech special effects are continually substituted for good plot and character development .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" high-tech special effects are continually substituted for good plot ." , " high-tech special effects are continually substituted for character development ." COORDINATION(" Sex are routinely included even when they are irrelevant to the script ." , " violence are routinely included even when they are irrelevant to the script ." ))
Input: Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the primary metal and electric and electronics-product industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the primary metal industries ." COORDINATION(" Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the electric industries ." , " Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the electronics-product industries ." ))
Input: Explonaft will develop application guidelines for lubricants , sell high-quality mineral oils , and offer services in industrial cleaning and related fields .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Explonaft will develop application guidelines for lubricants ." , " Explonaft will sell high-quality mineral oils ." COORDINATION(" Explonaft will offer services in industrial cleaning ." , " Explonaft will offer services in related fields ." ))
Input: Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in petroleum ." COORDINATION(" Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals ." , " Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various fibers ." ))
Input: Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago ." COORDINATION(" Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by higher natural gas prices ." , " Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by higher natural gas volume ." ))
Input: This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries ." COORDINATION(" This would allow greater economic aid to flow from West to East ." , " This would allow technological know-how to flow from West to East ." ))
Input: Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds ." COORDINATION(" Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political unity ." , " Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European economic unity ." ))
Input: Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price ." COORDINATION(" Once triggered , the rights allow holders at the board 's discretion , to receive securities ." , " Once triggered , the rights allow holders at the board 's discretion , to receive assets ." ))
Input: Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller ." , " Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of planning ." , " Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of marketing ." , " Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of general services ." ))
Input: Castle Harlan said that such financing is already being sought and that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee and other Sharon creditors over the next few days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Castle Harlan said that such financing is already being sought ." COORDINATION(" Castle Harlan said that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee over the next few days ." , " Castle Harlan said that a formal proposal would be made to other Sharon creditors over the next few days ." ))
Input: Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales and exchanges , a suspension of most high-level government contacts and a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade Development Program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a suspension of most high-level government contacts ." COORDINATION(" Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. ." , " Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Trade Development Program ." COORDINATION(" Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales ." , " Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military exchanges ." )))
Input: But it did n't elaborate , and it remains unclear how far Western tourists and foreigners living in Moscow will be allowed to benefit from the sweeping rate cut .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it did n't elaborate ." COORDINATION(" But it remains unclear how far Western tourists will be allowed to benefit from the sweeping rate cut ." , " But it remains unclear how far foreigners living in Moscow will be allowed to benefit from the sweeping rate cut ." ))
Input: They use dollars to buy Western items such as video recorders and personal computers and then sell them at a huge mark-up .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They sell them at a huge mark-up ." COORDINATION(" They use dollars to buy Western items such as video recorders ." , " They use dollars to buy Western items such as personal computers ." ))
Input: That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital for voice and data telecommunications .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ." COORDINATION(" That 's why we now Digital for voice telecommunications ." , " That 's why we now Digital for data telecommunications ." ))
Input: In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond , Va. , a bank and allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank , but times have changed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" times have changed ." COORDINATION(" In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond , Va. , a bank ." , " In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank ." ))
Input: The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil ." COORDINATION(" in 1987 it appears to have handled them well ." , " in 1989 it appears to have handled them well ." ))
Input: The inflation-growth argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The inflation-growth argument is an old one ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Brady , on the board , is surely trying to influence Fed policy ." , " Mr. Brady , off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy ." ))
Input: The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was dollar intervention , the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , or the Friday 13 market drop , only Mr. Greenspan and his associates know .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly ." , " whether the main reason was the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , only his associates know ." COORDINATION(" whether the main reason was dollar intervention , only Mr. Greenspan know ." , " whether the main reason was dollar intervention , only his associates know ." COORDINATION(" whether the main reason was the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , only Mr. Greenspan know ." , " whether the main reason was the Friday 13 market drop , only Mr. Greenspan know ." )))
Input: Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , would mean diverting fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive unemployment ." , " Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , would mean diverting monetary policies from their customary roles and thereby risking inadequate capital formation ." COORDINATION(" Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , would mean diverting monetary policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation ." , " Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , would mean diverting monetary policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive unemployment ." ))
Input: The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million , the Japanese government has put up just about as much , or so it is reported and at least one estimate puts the total tab at $ 7 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million ." , " at least one estimate puts the total tab at $ 7 million ." COORDINATION(" the Japanese government has put up just about as much ." , " so it is reported ." ))
Input: Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target ." COORDINATION(" Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues ." , " Punching away , we landed more than one hard blow ." ))
Input: And if you are caught or if people complain , simply argue that everyone does it or no one said I should n't and brazen it out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And if you are caught , simply brazen it out ." , " And if people complain , simply brazen it out ." , " And if people complain , simply argue that no one said I should n't ." COORDINATION(" And if you are caught , simply argue that everyone does it ." , " And if you are caught , simply argue that no one said I should n't ." ))
Input: We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We did n't stampede into it ." , " now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah ." COORDINATION(" we slithered down the long slope ." , " we slipped down the long slope ." ))
Input: MCA and Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal-based financier Charles Bronfman and his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MCA have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder ." COORDINATION(" Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal-based financier Charles Bronfman , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder ." , " Cineplex 's other major shareholder , his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder ." ))
Input: She declined to identify other bidders but said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer is all cash , and it 's for all of the company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She declined to identify other bidders ." COORDINATION(" She said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer is all cash ." , " She said it 's for all of the company ." ))
Input: The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal ." , " The directors said the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer ." COORDINATION(" The directors said MCA agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer ." , " The directors said MCA agreed in principle to then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer ." COORDINATION(" The directors said the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer ." )))
Input: Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , said the British theater chain 's total involvement would n't exceed $ 100 million but declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing and the proposed Film House purchase .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , said the British theater chain 's total involvement would n't exceed $ 100 million ." COORDINATION(" Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing ." , " Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , declined to give a breakdown between the proposed Film House purchase ." ))
Input: Mr. Panet-Raymond said he does n't think Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb are anywhere close to arranging financing and that investors will need a solid offer before the stock begins to rise again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Panet-Raymond said that investors will need a solid offer before the stock begins to rise again ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Panet-Raymond said he does n't think Messrs. Drabinsky are anywhere close to arranging financing ." , " Mr. Panet-Raymond said he does n't think Messrs. Gottlieb are anywhere close to arranging financing ." ))
Input: The move , which was expected , marks the first time since Prohibition that Coors has sold a non-alcoholic beverage , and marks the company 's entry into a crowded , but fast-growing market that generated about $ 2.2 billion in sales last year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The move , which was expected , marks the first time since Prohibition that Coors has sold a non-alcoholic beverage ." COORDINATION(" The move , which was expected , marks the company 's entry into a crowded market that generated about $ 2.2 billion in sales last year ." , " The move , which was expected , marks the company 's entry into a fast-growing market that generated about $ 2.2 billion in sales last year ." ))
Input: The company said it will sell the water plain and with lemon-lime and cherry flavors and will package it in 28-ounce bottles and 6.5 ounce bottles as part of six-packs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said it will sell the water with lemon-lime flavors ." , " The company said it will sell the water with cherry flavors ." COORDINATION(" The company said it will package it in 28-ounce bottles ." , " The company said it will package it in 6.5 ounce bottles as part of six-packs ." COORDINATION(" The company said it will sell the water plain ." )))
Input: In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal a step backward .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal a step backward ." COORDINATION(" In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs , the European Community called the U.S. proposal a step backward ." , " In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Trade , the European Community called the U.S. proposal a step backward ." ))
Input: In a decision in April of this year , Judge Roger Miner , joined by Judge Frank Altimari , agreed on denying the injunction and did not doubt that Bare-Faced Messiah was a serious work but rejected Judge Leval 's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a decision in April of this year , Judge Roger Miner , joined by Judge Frank Altimari , rejected Judge Leval 's argument that the public interest in scholarship could outweigh the sanctity of copyright ." COORDINATION(" In a decision in April of this year , Judge Roger Miner , joined by Judge Frank Altimari , agreed on denying the injunction ." , " In a decision in April of this year , Judge Roger Miner , joined by Judge Frank Altimari , agreed on did not doubt that Bare-Faced Messiah was a serious work ." ))
Input: And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession or as donated or sold to libraries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession ." COORDINATION(" And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether as donated to libraries ." , " And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether as sold to libraries ." ))
Input: The quotes could not be found on the tapes , and the two judges who decided the case for Ms. Malcolm and her publishers conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , we assume the quotations were deliberately altered .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The quotes could not be found on the tapes ." COORDINATION(" the two judges who decided the case for Ms. Malcolm conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , we assume the quotations were deliberately altered ." , " the two judges who decided the case for her publishers conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , we assume the quotations were deliberately altered ." ))
Input: In his eloquent dissent , Judge Alex Kozinski observed that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said , the reader assumes that these are the speaker 's precise words or at least his words purged of uh and you know and grammatical error .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In his eloquent dissent , Judge Alex Kozinski observed that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said , the reader assumes that these are the speaker 's precise words ." COORDINATION(" In his eloquent dissent , Judge Alex Kozinski observed that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said , the reader assumes that these are his words purged of uh ." , " In his eloquent dissent , Judge Alex Kozinski observed that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said , the reader assumes that these are his words purged of you know ." , " In his eloquent dissent , Judge Alex Kozinski observed that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said , the reader assumes that these are his words purged of grammatical error ." ))
Input: The majority decision contended that the phrase was a rational interpretation of Mr. Masson 's description of himself as a private asset but a public liability to Anna Freud and that in any case it was not defamatory .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The majority decision contended that in any case it was not defamatory ." COORDINATION(" The majority decision contended that the phrase was a rational interpretation of Mr. Masson 's description of himself as a private asset to Anna Freud ." , " The majority decision contended that the phrase was a rational interpretation of Mr. Masson 's description of himself as a public liability to Anna Freud ." ))
Input: Masson has lost his case , but the defendants , and the profession to which they belong , have lost far more .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Masson has lost his case ." COORDINATION(" the defendants , have lost far more ." , " the profession to which they belong , have lost far more ." ))
Input: Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Schlesinger is a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history ." , " Mr. Schlesinger is a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in biography ." ))
Input: Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was convicted and fined $ 100 , and his conviction was reversed on appeal because the fine was excessive under Tennessee law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Few now recall the actual outcome : his conviction was reversed on appeal because the fine was excessive under Tennessee law ." COORDINATION(" Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was convicted ." , " Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was fined $ 100 ." ))
Input: So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington ." COORDINATION(" So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just elsewhere in the country ." , " So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just elsewhere in even the world ." ))
Input: The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons , and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons ." COORDINATION(" congressmen read the same newspapers as other people in the area do ." , " congressmen watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do ." ))
Input: Stephen A. Crane , 44 , senior vice president and chief financial and planning officer of the parent , was named president and chief executive of the brokerage group and the unit , succeeding Mr. Taylor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stephen A. Crane , 44 , senior vice president of the parent , was named president of the brokerage group , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." , " Stephen A. Crane , 44 , chief financial officer of the parent , was named president of the unit , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." , " Stephen A. Crane , 44 , senior vice president of the parent , was named president of the unit , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." , " Stephen A. Crane , 44 , senior vice president of the parent , was named chief executive of the brokerage group , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." , " Stephen A. Crane , 44 , chief financial officer of the parent , was named chief executive of the brokerage group , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." , " Stephen A. Crane , 44 , senior vice president of the parent , was named chief executive of the unit , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." COORDINATION(" Stephen A. Crane , 44 , chief financial officer of the parent , was named president of the brokerage group , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." , " Stephen A. Crane , 44 , chief planning officer of the parent , was named president of the brokerage group , succeeding Mr. Taylor ." ))
Input: Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors and shareholders and also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state ." COORDINATION(" Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors ." , " Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy shareholders ." ))
Input: It would be 72%-owned by United Illuminating holders and 28%-owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred and common stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It would be 72%-owned by United Illuminating holders ." COORDINATION(" It would be 28%-owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred stock ." , " It would be 28%-owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire common stock ." ))
Input: More broadly , he wants to modernize regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More broadly , he wants to modernize regulation by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market ." COORDINATION(" More broadly , he wants to modernize regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial banking ." , " More broadly , he wants to modernize regulation by eliminating barriers between investment banking ." ))
Input: He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock and may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock ." COORDINATION(" He believes the tax code may fuel leveraged buy-outs , one where it wields influence both in Congress ." , " He believes the tax code may fuel leveraged buy-outs , one where it wields influence both on Wall Street ." COORDINATION(" He believes the tax code may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly ." )))
Input: As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence , Mr. Breeden avoided making market-jarring comments and worked to gather information critical to Wall Street and to other government agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence , Mr. Breeden avoided making market-jarring comments ." COORDINATION(" As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence , Mr. Breeden worked to gather information critical to Wall Street ." , " As a regulator charged with restoring investor confidence , Mr. Breeden worked to gather information critical to other government agencies ." ))
Input: The soft , wafting aromas will improve ride comfort , the display attests , and a proud employee says Mazda hopes to move the system out of the lab and into its cars in a year or two .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The soft , wafting aromas will improve ride comfort , the display attests ." COORDINATION(" a proud employee says Mazda hopes to move the system out of the lab in a year or two ." , " a proud employee says Mazda hopes to move the system into its cars in a year or two ." ))
Input: Nissan , in a 34-page tract , modestly compares its hydraulic active suspension to a cheetah , and equates the various parts to the animal 's heart , brain , nerves and blood vessels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nissan , in a 34-page tract , modestly compares its hydraulic active suspension to a cheetah ." COORDINATION(" Nissan , in a 34-page tract , equates the various parts to the animal 's heart ." , " Nissan , in a 34-page tract , equates the various parts to the animal 's brain ." , " Nissan , in a 34-page tract , equates the various parts to the animal 's nerves ." , " Nissan , in a 34-page tract , equates the various parts to the animal 's blood vessels ." ))
Input: Japanese auto makers are known for coming up with funny names , but this year the practice seems to have reached a new high -- or low .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japanese auto makers are known for coming up with funny names ." COORDINATION(" this year the practice seems to have reached a new high ." , " this year the practice seems to have reached a new low ." ))
Input: One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front ." COORDINATION(" One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which could hold a small child in the rear ." , " One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which could hold a bag of groceries in the rear ." ))
Input: True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car and skid momentarily out of bounds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday ." COORDINATION(" True , Ford was declared the winner only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car ." , " True , Ford was declared the winner only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it skid momentarily out of bounds ." ))
Input: PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million -LRB- US -RRB- , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul ." COORDINATION(" a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million -LRB- US -RRB- , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell ." , " a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million -LRB- US -RRB- , excluding purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered ." ))
Input: Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the Fed can wipe out inflation without causing a recession , but he said doing so will inflict some short-term pain and will require reducing the federal deficit sharply .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the Fed can wipe out inflation without causing a recession ." COORDINATION(" he said doing so will inflict some short-term pain ." , " he said doing so will require reducing the federal deficit sharply ." ))
Input: I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , he confided .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" everybody 's afraid to make the first move , he confided ." COORDINATION(" I 'd love to see sports cut back , , he confided ." , " so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , , he confided ." ))
Input: They are : A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU -LRB- Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by David Whitford ; Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football -LRB- Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 -RRB- by Armen Keteyian ; and Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias -LRB- Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by Lewis Cole .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They are : Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football -LRB- Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 -RRB- by Armen Keteyian ." , " They are : Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias -LRB- Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by Lewis Cole ." COORDINATION(" They are : A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed at SMU -LRB- Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by David Whitford ." , " They are : A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Corruption at SMU -LRB- Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by David Whitford ." , " They are : A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Football at SMU -LRB- Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by David Whitford ." ))
Input: It involved the athletics director , two different football coaching staffs , and school trustees and governors -- just about everybody , it seemed , but Donald Shields , the university 's president .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It involved the athletics director -- just about everybody ." , " It involved two different football coaching staffs -- just about everybody ." , " It involved school governors -- Donald Shields , the university 's president ." , " It involved the athletics director -- Donald Shields , the university 's president ." COORDINATION(" It involved school trustees -- just about everybody ." , " It involved school governors -- just about everybody ." ))
Input: Bias 's coach , Lefty Driesell , ordered the room in which Bias died to be cleaned before the police could arrive -LRB- the order was n't carried out -RRB- , and the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of Bias and other players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bias 's coach , Lefty Driesell , ordered the room in which Bias died to be cleaned before the police could arrive -LRB- the order was n't carried out -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of Bias ." , " the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of other players ." ))
Input: Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines , publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines ." , " Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry publications such as Vanity Fair ." , " Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry gourmet pasta sauces ." , " Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry oat bran cereals ." COORDINATION(" Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry Weight Watchers ." , " Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry Pritikin products ." ))
Input: Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods and a greater selection of bottled water .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get a greater selection of bottled water ." COORDINATION(" Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen foods ." , " Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more quick-to-prepare foods ." ))
Input: Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Delmed , which sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , ." , " Delmed , which sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , president , ." , " Delmed , which sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief financial officer ." COORDINATION(" Delmed , which makes peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer ." , " Delmed , which makes peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief financial officer ." COORDINATION(" Delmed , which makes peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , ." , " Delmed , which makes peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , president , ." , " Delmed , which makes peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chief executive officer , ." )))
Input: In fact , there 's only one person involved who 's happy , and that 's Floyd String , president of Coin Wrap and conceiver of the cement-truck solution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact , there 's only one person involved who 's happy ." COORDINATION(" In fact , that 's Floyd String , president of Coin Wrap ." , " In fact , that 's Floyd String , conceiver of the cement-truck solution ." ))
Input: Not only did his company find $ 20,000 worth of work , but when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials did n't laugh at me or anything .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not only did his company find $ 20,000 worth of work ." COORDINATION(" when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials did n't laugh at me ." , " when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials did n't anything ." ))
Input: Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents -LRB- Glenn Close and James Woods -RRB- and the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption -LRB- Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Everyone is good-looking -- the adoptive parents -LRB- Glenn Close -RRB- ." , " Everyone is good-looking -- the adoptive parents -LRB- James Woods -RRB- ." , " Everyone is good-looking -- the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption -LRB- Mary Stuart Masterson -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Everyone is very nice -- the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption -LRB- Mary Stuart Masterson -RRB- ." , " Everyone is very nice -- the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption -LRB- Kevin Dillon -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Everyone is very nice -- the adoptive parents -LRB- Glenn Close -RRB- ." , " Everyone is very nice -- the adoptive parents -LRB- James Woods -RRB- ." )))
Input: The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one -- or maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script , and Jonathan Kaplan 's -LRB- The Accused -RRB- dull direction .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one ." COORDINATION(" maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script ." , " maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on Jonathan Kaplan 's -LRB- The Accused -RRB- dull direction ." ))
Input: New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein and first produced on Broadway in 1927 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , first produced on Broadway in 1927 ." COORDINATION(" New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Jerome Kern ." , " New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Oscar Hammerstein ." ))
Input: The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions ." COORDINATION(" The broker winning the business instead profits by buying for less than the overall package price ." , " The broker winning the business instead profits by selling for less than the overall package price ." ))
Input: With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With the decline in stock prices , stocks are representing a better value all the time , Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday ." COORDINATION(" With continued low interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday ." , " With continued stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday ." ))
Input: The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The remaining properties to be acquired are a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian ." COORDINATION(" The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , ." , " The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by the Jaffe family ." ))
Input: MGM Grand said the latest stock offering wo n't cover the $ 600 million or more cost of building the proposed resort and theme park , and added it will need to seek additional financing , either through bank borrowings or debt and equity offerings , at a later date .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MGM Grand added it will need to seek additional financing , either through debt offerings , at a later date ." , " MGM Grand added it will need to seek additional financing , either through equity offerings , at a later date ." COORDINATION(" MGM Grand added it will need to seek additional financing , either through bank borrowings , at a later date ." COORDINATION(" MGM Grand said the latest stock offering wo n't cover the $ 600 million or more cost of building the proposed resort park ." , " MGM Grand said the latest stock offering wo n't cover the $ 600 million or more cost of building the proposed theme park ." )))
Input: The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The facility will be marketed toward families , MGM Grand said ." COORDINATION(" room rates will be between $ 35 a night , MGM Grand said ." , " room rates will be between $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said ." ))
Input: She declined to elaborate and would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She declined to elaborate ." COORDINATION(" She would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases ." , " She would n't disclose the fund 's recent sales ." , " She would n't disclose the fund 's recent cash position ." ))
Input: Undeterred , the BPCA hired Ms. Bartlett and another confessed garden ignoramus , the architect Alexander Cooper , who claimed he had never visited , much less built , a garden , and said of the project , I do n't view this as a landscape .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Undeterred , the BPCA hired Ms. Bartlett ." COORDINATION(" Undeterred , the BPCA hired another confessed garden ignoramus , the architect Alexander Cooper , who claimed he had never visited , much less built , a garden ." , " Undeterred , the BPCA hired another confessed garden ignoramus , the architect Alexander Cooper , who said of the project , I do n't view this as a landscape ." ))
Input: The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... here and there are simple architectural forms , a whimsical jet of water , a conceit of topiary or tartan plaid , and chairs of every sort to drag around ... .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... here are simple architectural forms ... ." , " The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... there are simple architectural forms ... ." , " The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... here are a whimsical jet of water ... ." , " The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... there are a conceit of tartan plaid ... ." , " The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... here are chairs of every sort to drag around ... ." COORDINATION(" The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... here are a conceit of topiary ... ." , " The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... here are a conceit of tartan plaid ... ." ))
Input: During the latter part of the 19th century , Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100 % of its outstanding currency , but no one outside Russia used rubles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" no one outside Russia used rubles ." COORDINATION(" During the latter part of the 19th century , Russia was on a gold standard ." , " During the latter part of the 19th century , Russia had gold reserves representing more than 100 % of its outstanding currency ." ))
Input: It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended , but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency ." , " with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , its use as an international medium of exchange declined ." COORDINATION(" It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued ." , " It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended ." ))
Input: He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know how long they will last ." COORDINATION(" He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know precisely when any trading interruptions will occur ." , " He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know precisely where any trading interruptions will occur ." ))
Input: They are spread around the country and include locations in California , Florida , Washington and Arizona .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They are spread around the country ." COORDINATION(" They include locations in California ." , " They include locations in Florida ." , " They include locations in Washington ." , " They include locations in Arizona ." ))
Input: The company typically sells the centers it develops , but has usually sold only one or several at a time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company typically sells the centers it develops ." COORDINATION(" The company has usually sold only one at a time ." , " The company has usually sold several at a time ." ))
Input: Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the mail room or the company library -- and are told to change the subscriptions to their home addresses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines are told to change the subscriptions to their home addresses ." COORDINATION(" Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the mail room ." , " Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the company library ." ))
Input: If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , a spokesman says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , a spokesman says ." , " If they get 50 packets of something , they see what it says , a spokesman says ." , " If they get 50 packets of something , they throw 48 away , a spokesman says ." COORDINATION(" If they get 50 packets of something , they send two to people they think are appropriate , a spokesman says ." , " If they get 50 packets of something , they send two to departments they think are appropriate , a spokesman says ." ))
Input: Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it was considered dead and then suddenly revived and was passed by the House .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it was considered dead ." COORDINATION(" Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it then suddenly revived ." , " Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it then was passed by the House ." ))
Input: Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on future legislation and Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Their tone was good-natured , with Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again ." , " Their tone was good-natured , with Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again ." COORDINATION(" Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again on future legislation ." , " Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again on future legislation ." ))
Input: The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas and swiftly appealed to the company and to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti , who has yet to reply .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas ." COORDINATION(" The council swiftly appealed to the company ." , " The council swiftly appealed to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti , who has yet to reply ." ))
Input: The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums , and these symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums ." COORDINATION(" these symposiums do not stress any particular medication ." , " these symposiums do not stress any particular manufacturer ." ))
Input: Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" more such facilities are being designed ." COORDINATION(" Casinos today offer bowling alleys ." , " Casinos today offer water parks ." , " Casinos today offer golf courses ." , " Casinos today offer tennis courts ." , " Casinos today offer lush swimming pools ." , " Casinos today offer other diversions ." ))
Input: This is no place for pedestrians , but at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to abandon the cab and walk to her destination .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This is no place for pedestrians ." COORDINATION(" at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to abandon the cab ." , " at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to walk to her destination ." ))
Input: Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds and the recreational-vehicle crowd .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip ." COORDINATION(" Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds ." , " Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to the recreational-vehicle crowd ." ))
Input: There 's probably going to be some pressure on occupancy and room rates over the next year , but after that you should see the market return to 80%-plus occupancy and regular rates , says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" after that you should see the market return to 80%-plus occupancy , says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana ." , " after that you should see the market return to regular rates , says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana ." COORDINATION(" There 's probably going to be some pressure on occupancy over the next year , says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana ." , " There 's probably going to be some pressure on room rates over the next year , says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana ." ))
Input: The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no windows and clocks and lots of red and black decor , are gone , Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with lots of red decor , are gone , Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says ." , " The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with lots of black decor , are gone , Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says ." COORDINATION(" The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no windows , are gone , Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says ." , " The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no clocks , are gone , Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says ." ))
Input: Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal , and proceed to reconsider it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it ." , " Every Bill which shall have passed the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it ." , " Every Bill which shall have passed the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall proceed to reconsider it ." COORDINATION(" Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal ." , " Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall proceed to reconsider it ." ))
Input: Every Order , Resolution , or Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the Same shall take Effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the Rules and Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Every Order to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ." , " Every Resolution to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ." , " Every Vote to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ." , " Every Resolution to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- before the Same shall take Effect , shall be approved by him ." , " Every Order to which the Concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ." , " Every Resolution to which the Concurrence of the House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ." , " Every Order to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- before the Same shall take Effect , being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the House of Representatives , according to the Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill ." COORDINATION(" Every Order to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- before the Same shall take Effect , being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate , according to the Rules prescribed in the Case of a Bill ." , " Every Order to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- before the Same shall take Effect , being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the Senate , according to the Limitations prescribed in the Case of a Bill ." COORDINATION(" Every Order to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- before the Same shall take Effect , being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two thirds of the House of Representatives , according to the Rules prescribed in the Case of a Bill ." COORDINATION(" Every Order to which the Concurrence of the Senate may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of Adjournment -RRB- before the Same shall take Effect , shall be approved by him ." ))))
Input: Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an order , resolution or vote or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto ." COORDINATION(" Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an order , Presidents must have the chance to veto ." , " Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an resolution , Presidents must have the chance to veto ." , " Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an vote , Presidents must have the chance to veto ." ))
Input: President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand and a budget ax in the other and get to work .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" President Bush should get to work ." COORDINATION(" President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand ." , " President Bush should a budget ax in the other ." ))
Input: There are spacious living rooms and baths , plus a master grandparents suite and a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are a master grandparents suite to suit Japanese life styles ." , " There are a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles ." COORDINATION(" There are spacious living rooms to suit Japanese life styles ." , " There are spacious baths to suit Japanese life styles ." ))
Input: Exteriors are faced with brick , wood or stone , but the homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete ." COORDINATION(" Exteriors are faced with brick ." , " Exteriors are faced with wood ." , " Exteriors are faced with stone ." ))
Input: It 'll never be like what Bristol-Myers does , he adds , but it helps establish recognition with the public -- and with banks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 'll never be like what Bristol-Myers does ." COORDINATION(" it helps establish recognition with the public ." , " it helps establish recognition with banks ." ))
Input: Other venture capitalists are already there : MMG Patricof Group and its Alan Patricof Associates , New York ; Burr , Egan , Deleage & Co. , Boston ; and San Francisco 's Hambrecht & Quist have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other venture capitalists are already there : Burr , Egan , Deleage & Co. , Boston have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies ." , " Other venture capitalists are already there : San Francisco 's Hambrecht & Quist have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies ." COORDINATION(" Other venture capitalists are already there : MMG Patricof Group , New York have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies ." , " Other venture capitalists are already there : its Alan Patricof Associates , New York have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies ." ))
Input: The Kemper Corp. unit and other critics complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Tuesday and on Oct. 13 and 16 , and has increased chances for market crashes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Kemper Corp. unit complain that program trading has increased chances for market crashes ." , " other critics complain that program trading has increased chances for market crashes ." , " other critics complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Tuesday , ." COORDINATION(" The Kemper Corp. unit complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Oct. 16 , ." , " The Kemper Corp. unit complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Oct. 13 , ." COORDINATION(" The Kemper Corp. unit complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Tuesday , ." )))
Input: Kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a long-simmering dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kemper officials declined to identify the firms ." COORDINATION(" Kemper officials acknowledged a long-simmering dispute with four securities firms ." , " Kemper officials said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead ." ))
Input: He said the market 's volatility disturbs him , but that all the exchange can do is slow down the process by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said the market 's volatility disturbs him ." COORDINATION(" He said that all the exchange can do is slow down the process by using its circuit breakers ." , " He said that all the exchange can do is slow down the process by using its shock absorbers ." ))
Input: The bonds , insured and rated triple-a by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bonds , insured , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 ." COORDINATION(" The bonds , rated triple-a by Moody 's , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 ." , " The bonds , rated triple-a by S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 ." ))
Input: The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated and Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers , button suppliers , trucking firms and fabric houses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy ." , " The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy ." , " The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for hundreds of fabric houses ." COORDINATION(" The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for hundreds of other small apparel makers ." , " The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for hundreds of button suppliers ." , " The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for hundreds of trucking firms ." , " The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for hundreds of fabric houses ." ))
Input: We 're being paid today , but we 're worried about tomorrow and will want letters of credit , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're being paid today , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified ." COORDINATION(" we 're worried about tomorrow , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified ." , " we will want letters of credit , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified ." ))
Input: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service-center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit ." COORDINATION(" Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by lower shipments to key automotive customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit ." , " Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by lower shipments to key service-center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit ." ))
Input: Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter ." COORDINATION(" Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars ." , " Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for appliances ." , " Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for construction ." ))
Input: But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine ." COORDINATION(" But the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line ." , " But the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush would have trouble painting a thin one ." ))
Input: The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health-products distributor , a small sporting-goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy-store chain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The three units are a small sporting-goods chain ." COORDINATION(" The three units are a combination catalog showroom chain ." , " The three units are a combination toy-store chain ." COORDINATION(" The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical distributor ." , " The three units are a nationwide health-products distributor ." )))
Input: Many traders forecast a continuation of the market 's recent bearish trend and predict the U.S. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges in the near term and then shift lower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many traders forecast a continuation of the market 's recent bearish trend ." COORDINATION(" Many traders predict the U.S. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges in the near term ." , " Many traders predict the U.S. currency will then shift lower ." ))
Input: The group did n't make a formal offer , but instead told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The group did n't make a formal offer ." COORDINATION(" The group told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 225 a share ." , " The group told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 240 a share ." ))
Input: Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly ." COORDINATION(" Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will reflect the rate of dispositions ." , " Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will reflect market conditions ." ))
Input: Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large reserves and write-downs and stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year 's end .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year 's end ." COORDINATION(" Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large reserves ." , " Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large write-downs ." ))
Input: Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff and the seemingly unending cola wars , unwarranted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement ." COORDINATION(" Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff , unwarranted ." , " Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson called any comparison between the seemingly unending cola wars , unwarranted ." ))
Input: Mr. Thompson calls discounting a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Thompson calls discounting a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Thompson projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to face a costly battle ." , " Mr. Thompson projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to face a fruitless battle ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Thompson projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting ." )))
Input: All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the -LCB- parliamentary -RCB- elections , the U.S. trader said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All the positive figures on the economy are out already , the U.S. trader said ." COORDINATION(" people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks , the U.S. trader said ." , " people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the -LCB- parliamentary -RCB- elections , the U.S. trader said ." ))
Input: Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Share prices mixed in Amsterdam ." COORDINATION(" Share prices closed lower in Paris ." , " Share prices closed lower in Zurich ." , " Share prices closed lower in Brussels ." , " Share prices closed lower in Milan ." , " Share prices closed lower in Stockholm ." ))
Input: Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor ." , " Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Education ." COORDINATION(" Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Health ." , " Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Human Services ." ))
Input: The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 ." COORDINATION(" The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo ." , " The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from the California earthquake ." ))
Input: The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas and Caribbean last month , and these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans ." COORDINATION(" The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas last month ." , " The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Caribbean last month ." ))
Input: In direct cash assistance , $ 1 billion is provided in federal highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion is divided between general emergency aid and a reserve to be available to the president to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In direct cash assistance , $ 1 billion is provided in federal highway construction funds ." COORDINATION(" In direct cash assistance , $ 1.35 billion is divided between general emergency aid ." , " In direct cash assistance , $ 1.35 billion is divided between a reserve to be available to the president to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters ." ))
Input: The underlying stopgap bill is the second required by Congress this fall and , since the current fiscal year began Oct. 1 , only the Energy and Interior departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The underlying stopgap bill is the second required by Congress this fall ." COORDINATION(" since the current fiscal year began Oct. 1 , only the Energy departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law ." , " since the current fiscal year began Oct. 1 , only the Interior departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law ." ))
Input: The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and , apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays ." , " apart from the health measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related family-planning issues ." COORDINATION(" apart from the health measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia are in jeopardy because of related abortion issues ." , " apart from the health measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia are in jeopardy because of related family-planning issues ." COORDINATION(" apart from the health measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion issues ." COORDINATION(" apart from the education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia are in jeopardy because of related abortion issues ." ))))
Input: At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte -LRB- R. , Mass. -RRB- , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte -LRB- R. , Mass. -RRB- , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto ." COORDINATION(" though Mr. Conte stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position ." , " though Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position ." ))
Input: The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 ." COORDINATION(" the bill gives the Department of Housing new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners ." , " the bill gives the Department of Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners ." ))
Input: With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes three regional dailies ." COORDINATION(" With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo ." , " With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Interviu ." , " With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Panorama ." ))
Input: Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts ." COORDINATION(" Drexel agreed to pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders ." , " Drexel agreed to pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel ." ))
Input: Data Systems has five retail stores in the northeast , but specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and Apple Computer Inc. to banks , brokerage firms and other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Data Systems has five retail stores in the northeast ." , " Data Systems specializes in selling personal computers made by Apple Computer Inc. to other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area ." COORDINATION(" Data Systems specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. to banks ." , " Data Systems specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. to brokerage firms ." , " Data Systems specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. to other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area ." COORDINATION(" Data Systems specializes in selling personal computers made by Apple Computer Inc. to banks ." )))
Input: Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes ." , " Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood stains ." COORDINATION(" Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners ." , " Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as disinfectants ." ))
Input: American Medical International Inc. said it has n't received any other offers to acquire the owner and operator of hospitals , and took another step toward completion of its $ 3 billion acquisition by IMA Holdings Corp .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American Medical International Inc. took another step toward completion of its $ 3 billion acquisition by IMA Holdings Corp ." COORDINATION(" American Medical International Inc. said it has n't received any other offers to acquire the owner of hospitals ." , " American Medical International Inc. said it has n't received any other offers to acquire the operator of hospitals ." ))
Input: Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's senior and subordinated debt issues and those of its international affiliate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded those of its international affiliate ." COORDINATION(" Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's senior debt issues ." , " Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's subordinated debt issues ." ))
Input: The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and amortization , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of charges for amortization ." , " The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of charges for depreciation ." COORDINATION(" The ratings concern said that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains ." , " The ratings concern said that it expects the losses to be reduced through above average growth of the company 's hospitals ." COORDINATION(" The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense ." )))
Input: The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and verification of the bomber 's capabilities , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon ." COORDINATION(" The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing of the bomber 's capabilities ." , " The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed verification of the bomber 's capabilities ." ))
Input: Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a stock split and a dividend boost , and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Buying interest in certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes ." COORDINATION(" Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a stock split , gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes ." , " Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a dividend boost , gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes ." ))
Input: Its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row , and its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity , modernize factories and develop new products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row ." COORDINATION(" its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity ." , " its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to modernize factories ." , " its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to develop new products ." ))
Input: The more factories and robots Japanese manufacturers add , the more they will be able to export , and the less their domestic customers will need to import .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the more they will be able to export ." , " the less their domestic customers will need to import ." COORDINATION(" The more factories Japanese manufacturers add ." , " The more robots Japanese manufacturers add ." ))
Input: The manufacturers said 14.2 % of their spending is designed to improve products or add new ones , 17.5 % is to cut costs , 12.5 % is for research and development , and the rest is for maintenance and other purposes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The manufacturers said 17.5 % is to cut costs ." COORDINATION(" The manufacturers said the rest is for maintenance ." , " The manufacturers said the rest is for other purposes ." COORDINATION(" The manufacturers said 12.5 % is for research ." , " The manufacturers said 12.5 % is for development ." COORDINATION(" The manufacturers said 14.2 % of their spending is designed to improve products ." , " The manufacturers said 14.2 % of their spending is designed to add new ones ." ))))
Input: Many are pouring money into developing high-quality products to target affluent consumers and , to some extent , to avoid direct combat with cheaper cars from South Korea and Taiwan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many are pouring money into developing high-quality products to target affluent consumers ." COORDINATION(" Many are pouring money into developing high-quality products to some extent , to avoid direct combat with cheaper cars from South Korea ." , " Many are pouring money into developing high-quality products to some extent , to avoid direct combat with cheaper cars from Taiwan ." ))
Input: The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The plan may include selling branches ." COORDINATION(" The plan may include winding down unprofitable units within 18 months ." , " The plan may include disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months ." COORDINATION(" The plan may include consolidating departments ." , " The plan may include eliminating departments ." )))
Input: Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population ." COORDINATION(" Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for a small part of the large market ." , " Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for a small part of the lucrative market ." ))
Input: The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , officials said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to pesticides , officials said ." COORDINATION(" The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to other substances found on fresh foods , officials said ." , " The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to other substances found on processed foods , officials said ." ))
Input: A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo , Brazil , and at least 20 people , most of them children , were missing and feared dead .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo , Brazil , ." COORDINATION(" at least 20 people , most of them children , were missing ." , " at least 20 people , most of them children , were feared dead ." ))
Input: Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights or dissident groups .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Czechoslovakia 's premier ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights groups ." COORDINATION(" Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political restructuring ." , " Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad economic restructuring ." ))
Input: A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence or reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , Peter Coors or Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence ." COORDINATION(" A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , who run the company 's three operating units ." , " A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will reduce the influence of Peter Coors , who run the company 's three operating units ." , " A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will reduce the influence of Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units ." ))
Input: Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa has consistently rejected StatesWest 's offers , and early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it vague and ill-defined because it did n't describe the source of funds or the specific terms of StatesWest securities which were part of the offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa has consistently rejected StatesWest 's offers ." , " Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it ill-defined because it did n't describe the specific terms of StatesWest securities which were part of the offer ." COORDINATION(" Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it vague because it did n't describe the source of funds ." , " Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it vague because it did n't describe the specific terms of StatesWest securities which were part of the offer ." COORDINATION(" Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it ill-defined because it did n't describe the source of funds ." )))
Input: TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" TW 's pitch was that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn ." COORDINATION(" TW 's pitch was that sales at its restaurants have risen steadily ." , " TW 's pitch was that earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily ." ))
Input: Work hard , play hard is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring fitness and success Or a state of total exhaustion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Work hard , play hard is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring a state of total exhaustion ." COORDINATION(" Work hard , play hard is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring fitness ." , " Work hard , play hard is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring success ." ))
Input: At the same time , some sports events will move off free television and onto cable or pay-cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , some sports events will move off free television ." COORDINATION(" At the same time , some sports events will move onto cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them ." , " At the same time , some sports events will move onto pay-cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them ." ))
Input: On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion ." COORDINATION(" On just three big deals -- for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion ." , " On just three big deals -- for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion ." ))
Input: I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I love Pilson , says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president ." COORDINATION(" he was the guy who complained most bitterly , says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president ." , " he was the guy who complained most loudly , says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president ." ))
Input: A Yale law school graduate , he began his career in corporate law and then put in years at Metromedia Inc. and the William Morris talent agency .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Yale law school graduate , he began his career in corporate law ." COORDINATION(" A Yale law school graduate , he put in years at Metromedia Inc. ." , " A Yale law school graduate , he put in years at the William Morris talent agency ." ))
Input: Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , he and Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York , and Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , he took the 90-minute train ride back to New York ." , " Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York ." ))
Input: Five months later , Mr. Tisch took over as CBS 's chief executive , and soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson scribbled a frighteningly large figure on a slip of paper , sealed it in an envelope and gave it to sports negotiators .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Five months later , Mr. Tisch took over as CBS 's chief executive ." COORDINATION(" soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson scribbled a frighteningly large figure on a slip of paper ." , " soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson sealed it in an envelope ." , " soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson gave it to sports negotiators ." ))
Input: He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of cable and VCRs , grab millions of new viewers and tell them about other shows premiering a few weeks later .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can grab millions of new viewers ." , " He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can tell them about other shows premiering a few weeks later ." COORDINATION(" He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of cable ." , " He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of VCRs ." ))
Input: Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched American and National baseball league championships and the World Series .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the World Series ." COORDINATION(" Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched American baseball league championships ." , " Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched National baseball league championships ." ))
Input: CBS will air the Super Bowl , baseball playoffs , college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CBS will air the Super Bowl ." , " CBS will air baseball playoffs ." , " CBS will air other premier sports events ." COORDINATION(" CBS will air college basketball finals ." , " CBS will air pro basketball finals ." ))
Input: CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" those two networks expect losses on baseball this season ." COORDINATION(" CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC had paid together ." , " CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than NBC had paid together ." ))
Input: Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Or open up an electronics magazine ." COORDINATION(" Or peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders ." , " Or peruse the ads for other snooping gadgets ." ))
Input: The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The practice is common at catalog companies , according to worker organizations ." , " The practice is common at banks , according to trade groups ." , " The practice is common at telemarketers , according to trade groups ." , " The practice is common at banks , according to worker organizations ." COORDINATION(" The practice is common at catalog companies , according to trade groups ." , " The practice is common at insurance companies , according to trade groups ." , " The practice is common at phone companies , according to trade groups ." ))
Input: Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether simple handheld units selling for $ 395 ." COORDINATION(" Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 ." , " Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which can record 240 conversations simultaneously ." ))
Input: That and other fancy gizmos may cost thousands , but simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 at electronics stores like Radio Shack .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 at electronics stores like Radio Shack ." COORDINATION(" That may cost thousands ." , " other fancy gizmos may cost thousands ." ))
Input: The ACLU and worker organizations back tighter laws , but employers and device manufacturers object .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" employers object ." , " device manufacturers object ." COORDINATION(" The ACLU back tighter laws ." , " worker organizations back tighter laws ." ))
Input: -LRB- Intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $ 10,000 . -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- Intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal . -RRB-" COORDINATION(" -LRB- Intercepting other people 's private conversations is punishable by five years in prison . -RRB-" , " -LRB- Intercepting other people 's private conversations is punishable by fines of $ 10,000 . -RRB-" ))
Input: Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now ." COORDINATION(" three others will be introduced in 1990 ." , " three others will be introduced in 1991 ." ))
Input: He declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He declined to disclose specific prices ." COORDINATION(" He said each product costs in the tens of thousands , of dollars ." , " He said each product costs in hundreds of thousands , of dollars ." ))
Input: What 's more , he said , transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing and more stringent scrutiny by state courts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What 's more , he said , transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude ." COORDINATION(" What 's more , he said , many fall apart for lack of financing ." , " What 's more , he said , many fall apart for more stringent scrutiny by state courts ." ))
Input: In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of conspiracy , mail and securities fraud , and obstructing an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of conspiracy ." COORDINATION(" In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of obstructing an investigation by the Securities Commission ." , " In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of obstructing an investigation by the Exchange Commission ." COORDINATION(" In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of mail fraud ." , " In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of securities fraud ." )))
Input: Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust ." , " Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in real estate ." COORDINATION(" Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in mergers ." , " Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in acquisitions ." ))
Input: Delmed Inc. 's top two officers resigned and were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , a major Delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Delmed Inc. 's top two officers resigned ." COORDINATION(" Delmed Inc. 's top two officers were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. ." , " Delmed Inc. 's top two officers were succeeded by executives of its parent , Fresenius AG , a major Delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake ." ))
Input: The loss , which is 38 cents a share , is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade and compares with net income of $ 55.3 million , or 68 cents a share , in the year-ago period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The loss , which is 38 cents a share , is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade ." COORDINATION(" The loss , which is 38 cents a share , compares with net income of $ 55.3 million , in the year-ago period ." , " The loss , which is 38 cents a share , compares with net income of 68 cents a share , in the year-ago period ." ))
Input: The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff and facilities ; and writedowns of assets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ." , " The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to writedowns of assets ." COORDINATION(" The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to reductions in vehicle fleets ." , " The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to reductions in staff ." , " The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to reductions in facilities ." ))
Input: Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 , but the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and outages for repair to gas and electric power systems .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 ." COORDINATION(" the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by outages for repair to gas power systems ." , " the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by outages for repair to electric power systems ." COORDINATION(" the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant ." )))
Input: Hurricane Hugo losses and the continuing industrywide downturn in the property and casualty insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , said Rand V. Araskog , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hurricane Hugo losses were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , said Rand V. Araskog , chairman ." , " the continuing industrywide downturn in the property insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , said Rand V. Araskog , chief executive officer ." , " Hurricane Hugo losses were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , said Rand V. Araskog , chief executive officer ." COORDINATION(" the continuing industrywide downturn in the property insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , said Rand V. Araskog , chairman ." , " the continuing industrywide downturn in the casualty insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , said Rand V. Araskog , chairman ." ))
Input: Amoco , an energy concern , is the operator of the project with a 43.75 % working interest , and other partners include Hydro Congo , the Congolese state oil company , with a 50 % interest , and Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co. with a 6.25 % stake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Amoco , an energy concern , is the operator of the project with a 43.75 % working interest ." COORDINATION(" other partners include Hydro Congo , the Congolese state oil company , with a 50 % interest ." , " other partners include Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co. with a 6.25 % stake ." ))
Input: The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September , but a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 or 178.9 , up 3.3 % or 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September ." , " a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.9 , up 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 ." COORDINATION(" a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 , up 3.3 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 ." , " a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 , up 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 ." COORDINATION(" a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.9 , up 3.3 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 ." )))
Input: Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes opposing it ." COORDINATION(" Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape ." , " Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of incest ." ))
Input: In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case ." COORDINATION(" In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape ." , " In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of incest ." , " In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of life endangerment ." ))
Input: When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts ." COORDINATION(" When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through legislation ." , " When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through constitutional amendments ." ))
Input: Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Japan , Australia , Taiwan and New Zealand and work with Ford business associates throughout the region .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ford Asia-Pacific will work with Ford business associates throughout the region ." COORDINATION(" Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Japan ." , " Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Australia ." , " Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Taiwan ." , " Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in New Zealand ." ))
Input: Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion ." COORDINATION(" the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments ." , " the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of slackened production by auto makers ." ))
Input: The import quotas got only a 2 1\/2-year extension , and USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The import quotas got only a 2 1\/2-year extension ." COORDINATION(" USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills ." , " USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to drill for oil ." ))
Input: Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Will he try to force a radical split of USX into separate oil companies ?" , " Will he try to force a radical split of USX into separate steel companies ?" COORDINATION(" Will he try to gain a seat on the board ?" , " Will he try to gain control of the board ?" ))
Input: I know it 's not over , a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I know it 's not over , a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 ." COORDINATION(" I know it 's not over , a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while inviting them to a buffet of salmon in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio ." , " I know it 's not over , a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while inviting them to a buffet of sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio ." ))
Input: That would leave USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral and transportation products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That would leave USX with Marathon ." , " That would leave USX with its steel mills ." COORDINATION(" That would leave USX with its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral products ." , " That would leave USX with its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , transportation products ." ))
Input: He has never met Lynn Williams , the president of the United Steelworkers union , and is n't active in the industry 's main trade group , the American Iron and Steel Institute , which Mr. Roderick served as chairman .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He has never met Lynn Williams , the president of the United Steelworkers union ." COORDINATION(" He has never is n't active in the industry 's main trade group , the American Iron Institute , which Mr. Roderick served as chairman ." , " He has never is n't active in the industry 's main trade group , the American Steel Institute , which Mr. Roderick served as chairman ." ))
Input: However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil and gas : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle ." , " However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into gas : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle ." , " However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into gas : Having two major products would help smooth out the flow of earnings ." COORDINATION(" However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil : Having two major products would help smooth out the flow of cash ." , " However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil : Having two major products would help smooth out the flow of earnings ." ))
Input: And then , he wo n't panic , says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And then , he wo n't panic , says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive ." COORDINATION(" And then , he wo n't panic , says J. Bruce Johnston , a labor with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh ." , " And then , he wo n't panic , says J. Bruce Johnston , a benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh ." ))
Input: Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes seating ." , " Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes office systems furniture ." COORDINATION(" Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files ." , " Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes desks ." ))
Input: If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? Mr. Carmon asked .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? Mr. Carmon asked ." COORDINATION(" If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat would stop terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? Mr. Carmon asked ." , " If the dialogue was based on the assumption that the PLO would stop terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? Mr. Carmon asked ." ))
Input: The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , and when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- it cost them , Mr. Kriz said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , Mr. Kriz said ." COORDINATION(" when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year -- it cost them , Mr. Kriz said ." , " when rates moved unfavorably -- continuing into this year -- it cost them , Mr. Kriz said ." ))
Input: Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management and improve controls in general , and we think these will serve to improve credit quality .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Kriz noted that we think these will serve to improve credit quality ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management ." , " Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit has taken some actions to improve controls in general ." ))
Input: The resulting scandal led to the firing of James N. von Germeten as Boston Co. 's president and to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer and treasurer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The resulting scandal led to the firing of James N. von Germeten as Boston Co. 's president ." COORDINATION(" The resulting scandal led to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer ." , " The resulting scandal led to the resignations of the company 's treasurer ." ))
Input: The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses and booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses ." COORDINATION(" The executives were accused of booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results ." , " The executives were accused of booking revenue early , in an effort to perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses ." ))
Input: The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising and stores , and it 's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it 's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items ." COORDINATION(" The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising ." , " The company is highlighting more special deals in its stores ." ))
Input: You see some improvement in these other areas , but it 's a very small and slow process .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You see some improvement in these other areas ." COORDINATION(" it 's a very small process ." , " it 's a very slow process ." ))
Input: 2 -RRB- Encourage long-term occupancy by forgiving one month 's payment -LRB- off the tail end of the mortgage -RRB- for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage -LRB- balloon -RRB- , but forgiven on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 2 -RRB- Encourage long-term occupancy by forgiving one month 's payment -LRB- off the tail end of the mortgage -RRB- for every six months paid ." COORDINATION(" have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage -LRB- balloon -RRB- ." , " have the down payment forgiven on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant ." ))
Input: The Federal Housing Administration , Veterans Administration and the Department of Housing and Urban Development further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Federal Housing Administration further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth ." , " Veterans Administration further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth ." COORDINATION(" the Department of Housing further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth ." , " the Department of Urban Development further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth ." ))
Input: Worse , the properties then sit around deteriorating for maybe a year or so , but are resold eventually -LRB- because of the attractiveness of the low down payment , etc . -RRB- to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both the mortgage and needed repairs ; and having little vested interest that buyer will walk away and the vicious cycle repeats itself all over again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Worse , having little vested interest that buyer will walk away ." , " Worse , the vicious cycle repeats itself all over again ." COORDINATION(" Worse , the properties then are resold eventually -LRB- because of the attractiveness of the low down payment , etc . -RRB- to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both needed repairs ." , " Worse , the properties then are resold eventually -LRB- because of the attractiveness of the low down payment , etc . -RRB- to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both the mortgage ." COORDINATION(" Worse , the properties then sit around deteriorating for maybe a year or so ." )))
Input: Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % ." COORDINATION(" a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes ." , " a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including missiles ." , " a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including ships ." , " a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including tanks ." , " a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including communications equipment ." ))
Input: Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , were elected directors of this securities firm ." COORDINATION(" Robert P. Luciano , chairman of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm ." , " Robert P. Luciano , chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm ." ))
Input: The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country and boasts in international conferences that Japan 's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world , but they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic ." COORDINATION(" The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country ." , " The Ministry of Construction boasts in international conferences that Japan 's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world ." ))
Input: Money , such as in Recruit 's political donations , and women , as in the cases of Prime Minister Sosuke Uno and Secretary General Tokuo Yamashita , seldom have caused political scandals in Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Money , such as in Recruit 's political donations seldom have caused political scandals in Japan ." COORDINATION(" women , as in the cases of Prime Minister Sosuke Uno , seldom have caused political scandals in Japan ." , " women , as in the cases of Secretary General Tokuo Yamashita , seldom have caused political scandals in Japan ." ))
Input: It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to Recruit , the sex scandals , or the one-yen coins in their purses , but they obviously were voting to punish the LDP .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they obviously were voting to punish the LDP ." COORDINATION(" It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to Recruit ." , " It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to the sex scandals ." , " It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to the one-yen coins in their purses ." ))
Input: When the Germans lost World War I , they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When the Germans lost World War I , they lost Namibia to South Africa ." COORDINATION(" When the Germans lost World War I , they the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of Anglo American Corp. ." , " When the Germans lost World War I , they the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of De Beers ." ))
Input: There are six video rental shops , three restaurants , one cinema and 34 sports and recreation clubs for everything from cricket to lawn bowling .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are six video rental shops ." , " There are three restaurants ." , " There are one cinema ." COORDINATION(" There are 34 sports clubs for everything from cricket to lawn bowling ." , " There are 34 recreation clubs for everything from cricket to lawn bowling ." ))
Input: Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Needs are n't clear ." COORDINATION(" the state constitution makes increasing taxes very difficult ." , " the state constitution makes increasing spending very difficult ." ))
Input: If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the IRS admits its error , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries ." , " If the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries ." , " If the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't contributed to continuing the error ." COORDINATION(" If the IRS admits its error , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't contributed to continuing the error ." , " If the IRS admits its error , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't contributed to compounding the error ." ))
Input: A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15-acre plot and main home and have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A couple we 'll call the Blandings have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions ." COORDINATION(" A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15-acre plot ." , " A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a main home ." ))
Input: The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The builders are more willing to give up some equity ." COORDINATION(" The builders are more willing to rely on management fees to stay afloat in the soft market ." , " The builders are more willing to rely on consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market ." ))
Input: It will have a Russian tavern , an English pub , a discotheque and Japanese and Italian restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It will have a Russian tavern , according to a Sheraton announcement ." , " It will have an English pub , according to a Sheraton announcement ." , " It will have a discotheque , according to a Sheraton announcement ." COORDINATION(" It will have Japanese restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement ." , " It will have Italian restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement ." ))
Input: The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh ." COORDINATION(" The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh ." , " The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples crunchier , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh ." ))
Input: But freshness counts more than it once did , and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , but tastier , and often pricier , apples .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But freshness counts more than it once did ." COORDINATION(" But stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , apples ." , " But stores are expanding shelf space for tastier , apples ." , " But stores are expanding shelf space for often pricier , apples ." ))
Input: Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , subsidy rates , and policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , spurred on by the growth of government in general ." , " Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in subsidy rates , spurred on by the growth of government in general ." , " Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general ." , " Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in subsidy rates , spurred on by budget gimmicks in particular ." COORDINATION(" Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , spurred on by budget gimmicks in particular ." , " Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , spurred on by deceptive management in particular ." ))
Input: Student loan defaults remain high at about 12 % , and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Student loan defaults remain high at about 12 % ." COORDINATION(" the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud ." , " the program has been rocked by allegations of mismanagement ." ))
Input: These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy ." COORDINATION(" These provisions would be reasonable devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections ." , " These provisions would be effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections ." ))
Input: Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Neither technique is perfect ." COORDINATION(" both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially , according to the Congressional Budget Office ." , " both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office ." ))
Input: A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to ." COORDINATION(" A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending programs to guarantees ." , " A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert lending programs to guarantees ." ))
Input: Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises ." , " Establishing these practices would reduce fraud ." COORDINATION(" Establishing these practices would provide better information for loan sales ." , " Establishing these practices would provide better information for budgeting decisions ." ))
Input: The reforms described above would provide a more limited , but clearer , safer and ultimately more useful role for government as a lender .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The reforms described above would provide a more limited role for government as a lender ." COORDINATION(" The reforms described above would provide a clearer role for government as a lender ." , " The reforms described above would provide a safer role for government as a lender ." , " The reforms described above would provide a ultimately more useful role for government as a lender ." ))
Input: Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more fair play in services trade , including predictable and clear rules and equality in the treatment of foreign and domestic service companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more fair play in services trade , including equality in the treatment of foreign service companies ." , " Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more fair play in services trade , including equality in the treatment of domestic service companies ." COORDINATION(" Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more fair play in services trade , including predictable rules ." , " Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more fair play in services trade , including clear rules ." ))
Input: Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings , and more substantial increases in overseas results .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wall Street had expected more substantial increases in overseas results ." COORDINATION(" Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales ." , " Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic earnings ." ))
Input: The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment and enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by literacy tests and other exclusionary devices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment ." COORDINATION(" The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by literacy tests ." , " The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by other exclusionary devices ." ))
Input: Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts and the Justice Department into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of blacks and other minorities -- Hispanics , Asians and native Americans -- holding elective office .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of blacks holding elective office ." , " Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the Justice Department into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of blacks holding elective office ." , " Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the Justice Department into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of other minorities -- Hispanics -- holding elective office ." COORDINATION(" Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of other minorities -- Hispanics -- holding elective office ." , " Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of other minorities -- Asians -- holding elective office ." , " Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of other minorities -- native Americans -- holding elective office ." ))
Input: In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black , Hispanic , and non-Hispanic white populations -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in northern Manhattan and the south Bronx and Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black populations -- Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example ." , " In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable Hispanic populations -- Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example ." , " In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable non-Hispanic white populations -- Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example ." , " In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable Hispanic populations -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in the south Bronx , for example ." COORDINATION(" In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black populations -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in northern Manhattan , for example ." , " In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black populations -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in the south Bronx , for example ." ))
Input: Often they have found that the relevant issue is not race , but rather housing , crime prevention or education .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Often they have found that the relevant issue is not race ." COORDINATION(" Often they have found that the relevant issue is not housing ." , " Often they have found that the relevant issue is not crime prevention ." , " Often they have found that the relevant issue is not education ." ))
Input: No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority ." COORDINATION(" in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts ." , " in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out six black-majority districts ." ))
Input: 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , and eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ; will not seek through use of the relation-back doctrine to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them ; will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between the defendant and third parties ; and will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through proceeding under -LCB- RICO -RCB- and otherwise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ." , " 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ." , " 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek through use of the relation-back doctrine to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them ." , " 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between third parties ." , " 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through otherwise ." COORDINATION(" 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through proceeding under -LCB- RICO -RCB- ." , " 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through otherwise ." COORDINATION(" 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between the defendant ." , " 4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between third parties ." )))
Input: The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 and a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its minivans and Jeeps .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 ." COORDINATION(" The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its minivans ." , " The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its Jeeps ." ))
Input: A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year and not a year ago and to higher fleet sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to higher fleet sales ." COORDINATION(" A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year ." , " A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives a year ago ." ))
Input: Intel makes semiconductors and Campeau operates department-store chains and is strained for cash .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Intel makes semiconductors ." COORDINATION(" Campeau operates department-store chains ." , " Campeau is strained for cash ." ))
Input: Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems , Class A shares of Tele-Communications and takeover targets Lyphomed and Jerrico .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems ." , " Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Class A shares of Tele-Communications ." COORDINATION(" Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included takeover targets Lyphomed ." , " Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included takeover targets Jerrico ." ))
Input: The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the one-third , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system ." , " The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system ." COORDINATION(" The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ." , " The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ." ))
Input: The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times , aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Rep. Les AuCoin , and Natural Resources Defense Council staff members .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times ." , " The delegation included Natural Resources Defense Council staff members ." COORDINATION(" The delegation included aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ." , " The delegation included aides to Rep. Les AuCoin ." ))
Input: But the stated U.S. position is detailed and specific , and the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling ." COORDINATION(" But the stated U.S. position is detailed ." , " But the stated U.S. position is specific ." ))
Input: As of June 30 , it had settled about 15,000 of 81,000 claims filed and its unpaid claims totaled $ 136 million , a large portion of its $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As of June 30 , it had settled about 15,000 of 81,000 claims filed ." COORDINATION(" As of June 30 , its unpaid claims totaled $ 136 million , a large portion of its $ 268 million in cash ." , " As of June 30 , its unpaid claims totaled $ 136 million , a large portion of its $ 268 million in marketable securities ." ))
Input: On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and nine-tenths of its fruit , vegetables and potatoes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce nine-tenths of its fruit ." , " On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce nine-tenths of its vegetables ." , " On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce nine-tenths of its potatoes ." COORDINATION(" On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain ." , " On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its beef ." , " On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its eggs ." , " On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its milk ." ))
Input: The House approved a short-term spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The House approved a short-term spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 ." COORDINATION(" The House approved a short-term spending bill to provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo ." , " The House approved a short-term spending bill to provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from the California earthquake ." ))
Input: The 321-99 roll call vote reflected broad support for the disaster assistance , but the cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this year and next under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 321-99 roll call vote reflected broad support for the disaster assistance ." COORDINATION(" the cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this year under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law ." , " the cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this next under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law ." ))
Input: By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by Congress .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters ." COORDINATION(" budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts are found by Congress ." , " budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless new revenues are found by Congress ." ))
Input: The budget impact will be greater still in fiscal 1991 , and the issue forced a confrontation between the Appropriations Committee leadership and Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta , whose California district was at the center of the earthquake last week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The budget impact will be greater still in fiscal 1991 ." COORDINATION(" the issue forced a confrontation between the Appropriations Committee leadership ." , " the issue forced a confrontation between Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta , whose California district was at the center of the earthquake last week ." ))
Input: The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans ." , " The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1 billion in highway construction funds ." COORDINATION(" The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance ." , " The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1.35 billion divided between a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters ." ))
Input: The underlying bill approved yesterday is required to keep the government operating past midnight tonight , and this urgency has contributed to the speed -- and , critics say , mistakes -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The underlying bill approved yesterday is required to keep the government operating past midnight tonight ." COORDINATION(" this urgency has contributed to the speed -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance ." , " this urgency has contributed to mistakes -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance ." ))
Input: The Senate is expected to make some modifications today , but both the White House and Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Senate is expected to make some modifications today ." COORDINATION(" both the White House appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline ." , " both Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline ." ))
Input: Administration pressure discourages any effort to add to total funding , and the Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid and lifting the ceiling on total Small Business Administration loans to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the increased activity expected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Administration pressure discourages any effort to add to total funding ." COORDINATION(" the Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid ." , " the Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- lifting the ceiling on total Small Business Administration loans to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the increased activity expected ." ))
Input: But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But all funding is cut for the Philippines ." COORDINATION(" But projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million ." , " But projects in South Korea are cut to less than a sixth of the administration 's request ." ))
Input: Texas and California are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the dominance of Alaska , Pennsylvania and West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" equally striking is the dominance of Alaska because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process ." , " equally striking is the dominance of Pennsylvania because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process ." , " equally striking is the dominance of West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process ." COORDINATION(" Texas are traditionally powerful within the conference ." , " California are traditionally powerful within the conference ." ))
Input: The size of the cuts is n't known , but they 'll be centered in the exploration and production division , which is responsible for locating oil reserves , drilling wells and pumping crude oil and natural gas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The size of the cuts is n't known ." , " they 'll be centered in the production division , which is responsible for pumping natural gas ." COORDINATION(" they 'll be centered in the exploration division , which is responsible for pumping natural gas ." , " they 'll be centered in the exploration division , which is responsible for pumping crude oil ." COORDINATION(" they 'll be centered in the exploration division , which is responsible for locating oil reserves ." , " they 'll be centered in the exploration division , which is responsible for drilling wells ." COORDINATION(" they 'll be centered in the production division , which is responsible for locating oil reserves ." ))))
Input: The report says that the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The report says that the restructuring will take place over a two-year period ." COORDINATION(" The report says that the restructuring will principally involve the transfer of employees in our U.S. operations ." , " The report says that the restructuring will principally involve the termination of employees in our U.S. operations ." ))
Input: The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants ." COORDINATION(" The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of their investors ." , " The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of their clients ." , " The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of their bankers ." , " The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of their others ." ))
Input: Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern and Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning and by next week the network may announce Teddy Z is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing The People Next Door , which became the first network show to be canceled this season .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" by next week the network may announce Teddy Z is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing The People Next Door , which became the first network show to be canceled this season ." COORDINATION(" Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning ." , " Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning ." ))
Input: It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week ." COORDINATION(" It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , ." , " It was promoted on cable services , including Nick at Night , ." , " It was promoted on cable services , including VH-1 , ." ))
Input: Worse , every week it suffers audience drop-off from Murphy Brown and viewership on CBS picks up again once Teddy Z is over and is followed by Designing Women .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Worse , every week it suffers audience drop-off from Murphy Brown ." COORDINATION(" Worse , viewership on CBS picks up again once Teddy Z is over ." , " Worse , viewership on CBS picks up again once Teddy Z is followed by Designing Women ." ))
Input: A slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A slowing economy tend to bolster bond prices ." COORDINATION(" the implication of lower inflation rates tend to bolster bond prices ." , " the implication of lower interest rates tend to bolster bond prices ." ))
Input: Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera and bring along what she forgot , a little charm , a few smidgins of thespian skills and a nice wig .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera ." COORDINATION(" Maybe she could bring along what she forgot , a little charm ." , " Maybe she could bring along what she forgot , a few smidgins of thespian skills ." , " Maybe she could bring along what she forgot , a nice wig ." ))
Input: She has TB , after all , and a weak-kneed lover ; and though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank ." COORDINATION(" She has TB ." , " She has a weak-kneed lover ." ))
Input: But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But this is a production paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end ." COORDINATION(" But this is a production designed by Franco Zeffirelli ." , " But this is a production directed by Franco Zeffirelli ." ))
Input: They have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They have a life of their own ." COORDINATION(" They can be counted on to look good ." , " They can be counted on to perform whenever a cast is n't up to either ." ))
Input: If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his Boheme and Turandot and boom out recordings -LRB- of another era -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still boom out recordings -LRB- of another era -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his Boheme ." , " If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his Turandot ." ))
Input: This is the same production already seen in Paris and Florence , and its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Placido Domingo and Teresa Stratas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Placido Domingo ." , " its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Teresa Stratas ." COORDINATION(" This is the same production already seen in Paris ." , " This is the same production already seen in Florence ." ))
Input: Of heart-pounding moments there were nearly none , and whether this has to do with Mr. Kleiber or the wooden cast is hard to say .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of heart-pounding moments there were nearly none ." COORDINATION(" whether this has to do with Mr. Kleiber is hard to say ." , " whether this has to do with the wooden cast is hard to say ." ))
Input: The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and first-time film makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige ." COORDINATION(" it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young film makers ." , " it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to first-time film makers ." ))
Input: Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company did well in the quarter as far as revenues and earnings are concerned , and not quite as well in terms of signing orders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company not quite as well in terms of signing orders ." COORDINATION(" Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company did well in the quarter as far as revenues are concerned ." , " Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company did well in the quarter as far as earnings are concerned ." ))
Input: As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue and earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters , but not up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter when Cray earned $ 88.5 million , or $ 2.80 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters ." , " As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , We anticipate that fourth-quarter earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters ." , " As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , We anticipate that fourth-quarter earnings will be up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter when Cray earned $ 2.80 a share ." COORDINATION(" As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue will be up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter when Cray earned $ 88.5 million ." , " As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue will be up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter when Cray earned $ 2.80 a share ." ))
Input: It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to bonds and preferred stock ; A.C. Nielsen , known for its data on television-viewing patterns , and Yellow-pages publisher Donnelley .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also owns A.C. Nielsen , known for its data on television-viewing patterns ." , " It also owns Yellow-pages publisher Donnelley ." COORDINATION(" It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to bonds ." , " It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to preferred stock ." ))
Input: A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes festooning the text .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the frequent jokes festooning the text ." COORDINATION(" A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high culture ." , " A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to pop culture ." ))
Input: Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime ." COORDINATION(" Critics have complained that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants ." , " Critics have complained that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can force them into unfavorable plea bargains ." ))
Input: The men can defeat immunities that states often assert in court by showing that officials knew or should have known that design of the structure was defective and that they failed to make reasonable changes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The men can defeat immunities that states often assert in court by showing that they failed to make reasonable changes ." COORDINATION(" The men can defeat immunities that states often assert in court by showing that officials knew that design of the structure was defective ." , " The men can defeat immunities that states often assert in court by showing that officials should have known that design of the structure was defective ." ))
Input: These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These consist of capital appreciation bonds due 2003 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 ." , " These consist of capital appreciation bonds due 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 ." COORDINATION(" These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 ." , " These consist of current interest bonds due 2010 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 ." , " These consist of current interest bonds due 2015 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 ." ))
Input: There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 and $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par ." , " There are $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds due 2015 ." COORDINATION(" There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par ." , " There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds due 2008 ." ))
Input: West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 1990-2002 and 2019 and capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" West Virginia Parkways -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 ." , " Economic Development -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 ." , " Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 ." , " Economic Development -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 2019 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 ." COORDINATION(" West Virginia Parkways -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 ." , " West Virginia Parkways -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 2019 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 ." ))
Input: The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bonds are insured ." COORDINATION(" The bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's ." , " The bonds are rated triple-A by S&P ." ))
Input: Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms and regulations -- and often is the only one available to tackle it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Yet every business owner often is the only one available to tackle it ." COORDINATION(" Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms ." , " Yet every business owner has to face the mound of regulations ." ))
Input: Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper ." COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , they fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations are banished ." , " Meanwhile , they fantasize about a dream world where government inspectors are banished ." ))
Input: Employers must deposit withholding taxes exceeding $ 3,000 within three days after payroll -- or pay stiff penalties -- and that 's a big problem for small businesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" that 's a big problem for small businesses ." COORDINATION(" Employers must deposit withholding taxes exceeding $ 3,000 within three days after payroll ." , " Employers must pay stiff penalties ." ))
Input: It does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and time-consuming , Ms. Fixx says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It does n't increase benefits , Ms. Fixx says ." COORDINATION(" it 's costly , Ms. Fixx says ." , " it 's time-consuming , Ms. Fixx says ." ))
Input: Advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales -- but the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records and rigorous reviews .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records ." , " the exemption comes at a price of rigorous reviews ." COORDINATION(" Advertising agencies are exempt from city sales tax in most locales ." , " Advertising agencies are exempt from state sales tax in most locales ." COORDINATION(" other service companies are exempt from city sales tax in most locales ." )))
Input: Not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not only they often literally stand on their heads ." COORDINATION(" Not only do the actors stand outside their characters ." , " Not only do the actors make it clear they are at odds with them ." ))
Input: The clash of ideologies survives this treatment , but the nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The clash of ideologies survives this treatment ." COORDINATION(" the nuance of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle ." , " the richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle ." ))
Input: Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director ." COORDINATION(" Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system ." , " Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 recording studio ." ))
Input: ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer ." COORDINATION(" the brief battle -- unlike the intricate big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over ." , " the brief battle -- unlike the lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over ." ))
Input: The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills ." , " The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills ." , " The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get from banks directly ." COORDINATION(" The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get from banks directly ." , " The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get from thrifts directly ." ))
Input: But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers together ." , " But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging sellers together ." COORDINATION(" But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of adjusting prices to accommodate the market ." COORDINATION(" But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson ." , " But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Bates ." )))
Input: About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a seething mass , as one trader described it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day ." COORDINATION(" hundreds more came -- a seething mass , as one trader described it ." , " hundreds more went -- a seething mass , as one trader described it ." ))
Input: The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and employment falling and output at a standstill , said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with output at a standstill , said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee ." COORDINATION(" The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders falling , said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee ." , " The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with employment falling , said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee ." ))
Input: Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the September trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline ." COORDINATION(" the September trade figures showed increases in both imports ." , " the September trade figures showed increases in both exports ." ))
Input: Dunkin Donuts Chairman and Chief Executive Robert M. Rosenberg said a sale is one alternative being considered , but he added the board has n't decided whether to sell the doughnut franchiser .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he added the board has n't decided whether to sell the doughnut franchiser ." COORDINATION(" Dunkin Donuts Chairman Robert M. Rosenberg said a sale is one alternative being considered ." , " Dunkin Donuts Chief Executive Robert M. Rosenberg said a sale is one alternative being considered ." ))
Input: Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it narrowed its losses in its public sector ." , " it narrowed its losses in its environmental segment ." COORDINATION(" Combustion reported improved profits in its automation businesses ." , " Combustion reported improved profits in its control products businesses ." ))
Input: Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets ." COORDINATION(" Last year 's results reflected a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy power plants ." , " Last year 's results reflected a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain other power plants ." ))
Input: Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates , and Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho , Arizona and New York after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators , legislators , industry excutives and the press .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates ; he will meet with insurance regulators ." , " Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho after his stay here ; he will meet with legislators ." , " Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates ; he will meet with legislators ." , " Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates ; he will meet with industry excutives ." , " Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates ; he will meet with the press ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators ." , " Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Arizona after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators ." , " Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to New York after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators ." ))
Input: Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 13 in Idaho ; Nov. 20 in Illinois ; Nov. 24 and Dec. 4 in Arizona ; Dec. 11 in Washington state ; and Jan. 8 in Oregon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 13 in Idaho ." , " Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 20 in Illinois ." , " Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Dec. 11 in Washington state ." , " Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Jan. 8 in Oregon ." COORDINATION(" Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 24 in Arizona ." , " Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Dec. 4 in Arizona ." ))
Input: He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies , and would help define policies and strategies of the group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies ." COORDINATION(" He said Mr. Denlea would help define policies of the group ." , " He said Mr. Denlea would help define strategies of the group ." ))
Input: The company attacked the government 's allegations as reckless and baseless mudslinging , and said its management promptly and accurately reported to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said its management promptly reported to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices ." , " The company said its management accurately reported to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices ." COORDINATION(" The company attacked the government 's allegations as reckless mudslinging ." , " The company attacked the government 's allegations as baseless mudslinging ." ))
Input: The case strikes at the corporate image of GE , which provides the military with everything from jet engines and electronic warfare equipment to highly classified design work on the Strategic Defense Initiative , and could cause a loss of future defense contracts if Pentagon and Justice Department officials take a tough stance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" could cause a loss of future defense contracts if Pentagon officials take a tough stance ." , " could cause a loss of future defense contracts if Justice Department officials take a tough stance ." COORDINATION(" The case strikes at the corporate image of GE , which provides the military with everything from jet engines to highly classified design work on the Strategic Defense Initiative ." , " The case strikes at the corporate image of GE , which provides the military with everything from electronic warfare equipment to highly classified design work on the Strategic Defense Initiative ." ))
Input: The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation ." COORDINATION(" The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating voluntary disclosures of improper billing practices ." , " The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating voluntary disclosures of inflated billing practices ." ))
Input: A spokeswoman for the St. Louis aerospace and defense concern said it wanted the acquistion because Applied Solar is involved in solar cells and solid-state laser components , and this fits with McDonnell 's business of laser applications for military space .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokeswoman for the St. Louis aerospace concern said it wanted the acquistion because this fits with McDonnell 's business of laser applications for military space ." , " A spokeswoman for the St. Louis defense concern said it wanted the acquistion because this fits with McDonnell 's business of laser applications for military space ." , " A spokeswoman for the St. Louis defense concern said it wanted the acquistion because Applied Solar is involved in solid-state laser components ." COORDINATION(" A spokeswoman for the St. Louis aerospace concern said it wanted the acquistion because Applied Solar is involved in solar cells ." , " A spokeswoman for the St. Louis aerospace concern said it wanted the acquistion because Applied Solar is involved in solid-state laser components ." ))
Input: Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped ." COORDINATION(" Analysts have speculated in recent days that the company 's chairman , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole ." , " Analysts have speculated in recent days that the company 's president , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole ." , " Analysts have speculated in recent days that the company 's chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole ." ))
Input: Tokyo 's winning streak came to an end , and stocks fell in Frankfurt and across Europe as well .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tokyo 's winning streak came to an end ." COORDINATION(" stocks fell in Frankfurt as well ." , " stocks fell across Europe as well ." ))
Input: Dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing U.K. trade figures for September and a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both business optimism and investment plans for the coming year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing U.K. trade figures for September ." COORDINATION(" Dealers said the initial pressure came from a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both business optimism ." , " Dealers said the initial pressure came from a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both investment plans for the coming year ." ))
Input: The trade and CBI reports refocused attention on high interest rates and corporate profitability and helped rekindle underlying concerns over prospects for a recession in the U.K. , dealers said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The trade reports helped rekindle underlying concerns over prospects for a recession in the U.K. , dealers said ." , " The CBI reports helped rekindle underlying concerns over prospects for a recession in the U.K. , dealers said ." , " The CBI reports refocused attention on corporate profitability , dealers said ." COORDINATION(" The trade reports refocused attention on high interest rates , dealers said ." , " The trade reports refocused attention on corporate profitability , dealers said ." ))
Input: Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons and talk of continental European interest in British life and composite insurers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons ." COORDINATION(" Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on talk of continental European interest in British life insurers ." , " Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on talk of continental European interest in British composite insurers ." ))
Input: Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices closed lower in Sydney , were mixed in Hong Kong ." , " Prices closed lower in Singapore , were mixed in Hong Kong ." , " Prices closed lower in Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong ." , " Prices closed lower in Singapore , higher in Seoul ." COORDINATION(" Prices closed lower in Sydney , higher in Taipei ." , " Prices closed lower in Sydney , higher in Manila ." , " Prices closed lower in Sydney , higher in Paris ." , " Prices closed lower in Sydney , higher in Brussels ." , " Prices closed lower in Sydney , higher in Seoul ." ))
Input: The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least ." COORDINATION(" The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race of borrowers ." , " The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the sex of borrowers ." , " The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the income level of borrowers ." ))
Input: Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown , Snoopy and the gang turn 40 -- and Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator and licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads , tie-ins and promotions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Turns out that Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for promotions ." COORDINATION(" Turns out that Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads ." , " Turns out that Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for tie-ins ." , " Turns out that Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for promotions ." COORDINATION(" Turns out that Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads ." COORDINATION(" Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown turn 40 ." , " Turns out that next year , Snoopy turn 40 ." , " Turns out that next year , the gang turn 40 ." ))))
Input: Paxus said in a statement it has several well developed product and services relationships with the U.S. computer company , and plans to expand these links .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Paxus said in a statement it plans to expand these links ." COORDINATION(" Paxus said in a statement it has several well developed product relationships with the U.S. computer company ." , " Paxus said in a statement it has several well developed services relationships with the U.S. computer company ." ))
Input: The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agreement requires approval from shareholders of Paxus ." COORDINATION(" The agreement requires approval from Australia 's National Companies Commission ." , " The agreement requires approval from Australia 's National Securities Commission ." COORDINATION(" The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board ." )))
Input: An investment in Chile 's telephone company is carried at US$ 300 million but really worth US$ 500 million , and the company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least A$ 250 million , Mr. Bond said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least A$ 250 million , Mr. Bond said ." COORDINATION(" An investment in Chile 's telephone company is carried at US$ 300 million , Mr. Bond said ." , " An investment in Chile 's telephone company is worth US$ 500 million , Mr. Bond said ." ))
Input: Mr. Krampe also said that Mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-1990s and it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 or 12 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus , Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti and Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Krampe also said that Mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-1990s ." , " Mr. Krampe also said that it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 12 years to compete more effectively with Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Krampe also said that it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus ." , " Mr. Krampe also said that it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 years to compete more effectively with Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti ." , " Mr. Krampe also said that it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 years to compete more effectively with Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Krampe also said that it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 12 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus ." )))
Input: Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury ." COORDINATION(" Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at Federal Reserve banks ." , " Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at Federal Reserve branches ." ))
Input: The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were Coniston Partners , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , and New York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently made and withdrew an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were Coniston Partners , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , ." COORDINATION(" The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were New York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently made an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp ." , " The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were New York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently withdrew an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp ." ))
Input: Stronger results from the company 's broadcast and cable television units and professional and textbook publishing divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stronger results from professional divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said ." , " Stronger results from textbook publishing divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said ." COORDINATION(" Stronger results from the company 's broadcast television units , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said ." , " Stronger results from the company 's cable television units , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said ." ))
Input: Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by a rally in bonds ." COORDINATION(" Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market ." , " Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the dollar ." ))
Input: But , he added , we have had that exact same perception six times in the last six years .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago ." COORDINATION(" the sale was expected to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago ." , " the sale failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago ." ))
Input: COCOA : Futures at first continued the rally begun on Monday , but then faltered and closed lower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" COCOA : Futures at first continued the rally begun on Monday ." COORDINATION(" COCOA : Futures at first then faltered ." , " COCOA : Futures at first then closed lower ." ))
Input: The December contract opened just under Monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The December contract opened just under Monday 's close ." , " The December contract triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 ." COORDINATION(" The December contract encountered heavy selling by traders who buy for their own accounts ." , " The December contract encountered heavy selling by traders who sell for their own accounts ." COORDINATION(" The December contract encountered heavy selling by commercial interests ." )))
Input: But he noted that speculators apparently do n't believe there is much more of a decline in store for cocoa .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while further modest declines might be ahead , Mr. Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the troubles of SCI TV are a classic tale of the leveraged buy-out excesses of the 1980s , especially the asset-stripping game .
Prediction: NONE
Input: SCI TV , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another LBO that went bad after piling on debt -- though it did do that .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Meanwhile , SCI TV can barely pay its cash interest bill , and to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon reschedule a lot of bank loans and junk bonds that have fallen due .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , SCI TV can barely pay its cash interest bill ." COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon reschedule a lot of bank loans that have fallen due ." , " Meanwhile , to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon reschedule a lot of junk bonds that have fallen due ." ))
Input: But it 's understood that Mr. Kravis is disappointed that Mr. Gillett did n't manage to boost SCI TV 's operating profit after the buy-out .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some militant SCI TV junk-holders say that 's not enough .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name ." COORDINATION(" A big bankruptcy-court case might provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington ." , " A big bankruptcy-court case might provide new fuel for critics of LBOs elsewhere ." ))
Input: But others say junk-holders have nothing to gain by putting SCI TV into bankruptcy-law proceedings .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But with Seaman , KKR was only trying to salvage its original investment , says bankruptcy investor James Rubin of Sass Lamle Rubin in New York .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And people who know Mr. Kravis say he is n't in a hurry to pour more money into SCI TV .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And there is more volatility to come .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Five minutes before the Big Board opened , a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155 , a loss of as much as $ 43 a share from Monday 's close .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were shaken .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But if you overlook all this , it is a beautiful market for investment still .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Security Pacific , which fell 7\/8 to 44 1\/2 and led the Big Board 's most actives list on composite volume of 14.8 million shares , and Nipsco Industries , which lost 3\/8 to 17 3\/8 on 4.4 million shares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Nipsco Industries , which lost 3\/8 to 17 3\/8 on 4.4 million shares ." COORDINATION(" Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Security Pacific , which fell 7\/8 to 44 1\/2 ." , " Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Security Pacific , which led the Big Board 's most actives list on composite volume of 14.8 million shares ." ))
Input: But junk bonds took more hits .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities ." COORDINATION(" That happens when nervous stock investors buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality ." , " That happens when nervous stock investors buy Treasurys , which are thus considered safe ." ))
Input: But the gains in Treasury bonds were pared as stocks staged a partial recovery .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. and will postpone or even cancel the issue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. ." COORDINATION(" Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. will postpone the issue ." , " Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. will even cancel the issue ." ))
Input: Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among major pass-through issues , Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 15\/32 , up 5\/32 , after touching an early high of 98 27\/32 ; 8 % securities were at 94 5\/32 , up 9\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 100 15\/32 , up 4\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 102 11\/32 , up 3\/32 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations , but interest and principal are paid in dollars .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations ." COORDINATION(" interest are paid in dollars ." , " principal are paid in dollars ." ))
Input: Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president and chief executive officer and that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , marketing , has been named chief executive officer ." COORDINATION(" Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales , has been named president ." , " Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales , has been named chief executive officer ." COORDINATION(" Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , marketing , has been named president ." COORDINATION(" Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president ." , " Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as chief executive officer ." ))))
Input: But as many as 12,000 people marched in East Berlin after the speech to protest his election .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from Bush .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out and tested three days after conception and returned if healthy , or discarded if not .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Or in other couples , the embryo could be returned if healthy , ." , " Or in other couples , the embryo could be discarded if not ." COORDINATION(" Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out three days after conception ." , " Or in other couples , the embryo could be tested three days after conception ." ))
Input: But Phillips persisted , calling in scientists from the Salk Institute .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the yeast genetic apparatus is more like that of animals than the bacterial genetic apparatus .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , officials will have to get quotes for certain reinsurance contracts and obtain approvals from other syndicate directors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors ." COORDINATION(" Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only bolster burials ." , " Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only bolster endowment fund contributions ." ))
Input: Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lake View had an operating deficit last year ." COORDINATION(" Lake View has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair cemetery ." , " Lake View has a poor reputation as an crime-infested cemetery ." ))
Input: But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Ernest Ball , for instance , who wrote When Irish Eyes are Smiling , and Garrett Morgan , the inventor of the gas mask and the tri-colored traffic light .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Ernest Ball , for instance , who wrote When Irish Eyes are Smiling , ." COORDINATION(" But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Garrett Morgan , the inventor of the gas mask ." , " But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Garrett Morgan , the inventor of the tri-colored traffic light ." ))
Input: Mr. Dempsey estimated that the issue 's London debut was accompanied by very , very heavy turnover -- between five million and six million shares .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He emphasized that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances , and said those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He emphasized that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances ." COORDINATION(" He said those circumstances are n't right at the moment ." , " He said those circumstances are n't possible at the moment ." ))
Input: But the specter of Ford eventually launching a full-fledged bid could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A pitched battle could mean Jaguar would fetch # 10 -LRB- $ 16.02 -RRB- a share , or about # 1.8 billion -LRB- $ 2.88 billion -RRB- , several analysts believe .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Its Opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks Jaguar 's cachet .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it lacks Jaguar 's cachet ." COORDINATION(" Its Opel line has a solid image ." , " Its Opel line has a recent string of highly successful new models ." ))
Input: The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The restructuring will take place over a two-year period ." , " The restructuring will involve the layoff of employees in U.S. operations to focus efforts in other areas ." COORDINATION(" The restructuring will involve the transfer of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs ." , " The restructuring will involve the transfer of employees in U.S. operations to focus efforts in other areas ." COORDINATION(" The restructuring will involve the layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs ." )))
Input: Results included a $ 37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron 's investment in Amax Inc. , and a loss of $ 30 million from the sale of California oil and gas properties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Results included a $ 37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron 's investment in Amax Inc. ." COORDINATION(" Results included a loss of $ 30 million from the sale of California oil properties ." , " Results included a loss of $ 30 million from the sale of California gas properties ." ))
Input: Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations ." COORDINATION(" Chevron said margins in refining declined ." , " Chevron said margins in marketing declined ." ))
Input: Asarco Inc. , continuing its effort to refocus its business , ended its involvement in asbestos mining in the third quarter and said it would stop mining and selling coal by year end .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asarco Inc. , continuing its effort to refocus its business , ended its involvement in asbestos mining in the third quarter ." COORDINATION(" Asarco Inc. , continuing its effort to refocus its business , said it would stop mining coal by year end ." , " Asarco Inc. , continuing its effort to refocus its business , said it would stop selling coal by year end ." ))
Input: Asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined copper , lead and zinc , and higher equity earnings in Mexico Desarrollo Industrial Minero S.A. , a Mexican mining company in which Asarco has a 34 % stake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asarco said the gain reflected higher equity earnings in Mexico Desarrollo Industrial Minero S.A. , a Mexican mining company in which Asarco has a 34 % stake ." COORDINATION(" Asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined copper ." , " Asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined lead ." , " Asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined zinc ." ))
Input: Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asarco said it will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining ." COORDINATION(" Asarco said it plans to shut down its Rapatee coal mine ." , " Asarco said it plans to sell its Rapatee coal mine ." ))
Input: The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility ." COORDINATION(" The company said that it would stop mining coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks ." , " The company said that it would stop selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks ." ))
Input: Jay Marcus , president , said the move reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jay Marcus , president , said the move reflects our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment ." COORDINATION(" Jay Marcus , president , said the move reflects the confidence of our board in Halsey 's long-term prospects ." , " Jay Marcus , president , said the move reflects the confidence of our management in Halsey 's long-term prospects ." ))
Input: Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to succeed Mr. Koenig and said the board would need to approve any appointments or title changes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to succeed Mr. Koenig ." COORDINATION(" Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said the board would need to approve any appointments ." , " Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said the board would need to approve any title changes ." ))
Input: Mr. Blum added he was n't surprised Mr. Koenig resigned , but his departure was nothing that we desired or worked for .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Blum added he was n't surprised Mr. Koenig resigned ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Blum added his departure was nothing that we desired ." , " Mr. Blum added his departure was nothing that we worked for ." ))
Input: And the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Andrew Porter , a drug-industry analyst at Nikko Securities Co. in London , said if the product were to be successfully developed it would represent a potential threat to the long-term viability of Retrovir .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But except for the embarrassment , British Air will emerge relatively unscathed from the flopped issue .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But British Air 's withdrawal from the UAL buy-out could have further repercussions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: There is no difference of opinion between -LRB- Chairman -RRB- Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the new urgency is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And he questions the White House dedication .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get numbers in order for end-of-year reports .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Lotus Development Corp. feeds its evaluations into a computer , but only for storage ; the decisions are made by supervisors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But they think promotions are limited .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89 , the benefits test fought by most employers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , said Jeff Rooker , a member of Parliament and one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from the U.S. , Canada and Australia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , said Jeff Rooker , a member of Parliament ." COORDINATION(" If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , said Jeff Rooker , one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from the U.S. ." , " If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , said Jeff Rooker , one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from Canada ." , " If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , said Jeff Rooker , one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from Australia ." ))
Input: In a sign of easing tension between Beijing and Hong Kong , China said it will again take back illegal immigrants caught crossing into the British colony .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Japanese Fisheries Association criticized moves to ban the practice in international waters .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Besides money , criminals have also used computers to steal secrets and intelligence , the newspaper said , but it gave no more details .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it gave no more details ." COORDINATION(" Besides money , criminals have also used computers to steal secrets , the newspaper said ." , " Besides money , criminals have also used computers to steal intelligence , the newspaper said ." ))
Input: Fatalities on rural interstates rose 33 % between 1986 and last year , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a report on the impact of the 65 miles-per-hour speed limit on those roads .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In states that raised the speed limit on rural interstates , the fatality rate rose about 18 % to 1.7 deaths per 100 million miles traveled between 1986 and 1988 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy , to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Typically , these measures include reforms to open up inward-looking economies to international competition ." , " Typically , these measures include reforms to promote the development of a vigorous private sector ." COORDINATION(" Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government in the economy ." , " Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of parastatals in the economy ." ))
Input: Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations ." COORDINATION(" Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through loans by the International Finance Corp ." , " Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through investments by the International Finance Corp ." ))
Input: Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets beginning early next year ." COORDINATION(" Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell several food-production plants beginning early next year ." , " Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell several food-production warehouses beginning early next year ." ))
Input: Your Sept. 26 Politics & Policy article about William Bennett 's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression that the FBI has not been nor is actively involved .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Through these investigations we do not focus on the street drug user , but rather we target and attack major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Through these investigations we do not focus on the street drug user ." COORDINATION(" Through these investigations we target major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market ." , " Through these investigations we attack major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market ." ))
Input: The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department -LRB- MPD -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area ." COORDINATION(" The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration ." , " The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Metropolitan Police Department -LRB- MPD -RRB- ." ))
Input: The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces and our contacts with local police squads handling drug-related crimes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative through not only these major trafficking investigations ." COORDINATION(" The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative by providing a full range of services through various task forces ." , " The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative by providing a full range of services through our contacts with local police squads handling drug-related crimes ." ))
Input: Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring and extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong and Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring ." COORDINATION(" Ramada Inc. extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong ." , " Ramada Inc. extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J ." ))
Input: Mr. Lee values the package at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share , based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by shareholders and state casino regulators in Nevada and New Jersey .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by shareholders ." COORDINATION(" The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by state casino regulators in Nevada ." , " The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by state casino regulators in New Jersey ." ))
Input: In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas and Laughlin , Nev .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City ." COORDINATION(" In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Las Vegas , Nev ." , " In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Laughlin , Nev ." ))
Input: A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall ." COORDINATION(" A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings ." , " A sinking economy thus stock prices ." ))
Input: But A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research , said last week 's rally was a reflex reaction to the Oct. 13 stock market rout .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal and Better Homes and Gardens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal ." COORDINATION(" The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Better Homes ." , " The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Better Gardens ." ))
Input: In addition , the group will create custom-designed media such as cookbooks , newspaper inserts and videos for ad campaigns .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to provide ad pages in seven Meredith magazines , publish an interior-decorating book that will be distributed at point of purchase , give away a videotape on installation pointers , and possibly use Meredith 's Better Homes and Gardens ' residential real-estate agents to distribute discount-coupon books to new homeowners .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to provide ad pages in seven Meredith magazines ." , " Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to publish an interior-decorating book that will be distributed at point of purchase ." , " Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to give away a videotape on installation pointers ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to possibly use Meredith 's Better Homes ' residential real-estate agents to distribute discount-coupon books to new homeowners ." , " Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to possibly use Meredith 's Better Gardens ' residential real-estate agents to distribute discount-coupon books to new homeowners ." ))
Input: But the marketplace changed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: I 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years , and 80 % in five years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 've been advising small businesses many years ." COORDINATION(" I have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years ." , " I have lived with the fact that 80 % in five years ." ))
Input: And most of these are absolutely unnecessary .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A spokesman said that neither Mr. Fireman nor Mr. LaBonte would be available for comment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But even a raft of recent failures is n't stopping them from launching new publications .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But they are also talking about new magazines .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Meanwhile , American Health Partners , publisher of American Health magazine , is deep in debt , and Owen Lipstein , founder and managing partner , is being forced to sell the magazine to Reader 's Digest Association Inc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , American Health Partners , publisher of American Health magazine , is deep in debt ." COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , Owen Lipstein , founder , is being forced to sell the magazine to Reader 's Digest Association Inc ." , " Meanwhile , Owen Lipstein , managing partner , is being forced to sell the magazine to Reader 's Digest Association Inc ." ))
Input: They could be old or new , but they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved ." COORDINATION(" They could be old ." , " They could be new ." ))
Input: And federal insurance protected the bank 's 631,163 depositors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Much like their cohorts in political consulting and product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex or ambiguous matters , simplify their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Much like their cohorts in political consulting , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to simplify their messages ." , " Much like their cohorts in product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to simplify their messages ." , " Much like their cohorts in product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex matters ." , " Much like their cohorts in political consulting , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice ." COORDINATION(" Much like their cohorts in political consulting , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex matters ." , " Much like their cohorts in political consulting , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down ambiguous matters ." ))
Input: And it helped win defense verdicts in product-liability suits involving scores of products , ranging from Firestone 500 tires to the anti-nausea drug Bendectin .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Zoeller also acknowledges that consultants can be very effective .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals -LCB- in political cases -RCB- get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the poor radicals -LCB- in political cases -RCB- get it free , says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University ." , " everybody in between is at a disadvantage , says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University ." , " that 's not the kind of system we want , says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University ." COORDINATION(" The affluent people can buy it , says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University ." , " the corporations can buy it , says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University ." ))
Input: What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you get some response to it ." COORDINATION(" What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife ." , " What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to a friend ." ))
Input: And to the uninitiated , some of the firm 's approaches may seem chillingly manipulative .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work , or toward particular movies or books .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work ." COORDINATION(" The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward particular movies ." , " The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward particular books ." ))
Input: But most lawyers accept that the marketplace has spoken .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the question remains whether the jury system can maintain its integrity while undergoing such a skillful massage .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better .
Prediction: NONE
Input: -LRB- Some courts release names and addresses , and researchers can drive by houses , look up credit ratings , and even question neighbors . -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- researchers can drive by houses . -RRB-" , " -LRB- researchers can look up credit ratings . -RRB-" , " -LRB- researchers can even question neighbors . -RRB-" COORDINATION(" -LRB- Some courts release names . -RRB-" , " -LRB- Some courts release addresses . -RRB-" ))
Input: That something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 100 to the $ 600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the nature of the problem is such that many others feel it has to be addressed soon , before all the evidence is in .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But does it have to be so soon ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it is at least worthy of some note that there are very few refrigerators in Antarctica .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But if there is no impending threat , it can get to be very expensive .
Prediction: NONE
Input: but worries about 1990 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" measures in 19 other states were defeated ." COORDINATION(" Five states -- Oregon -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage ." , " Five states -- Rhode Island -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage ." , " Five states -- New Hampshire -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage ." , " Five states -- Iowa -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage ." , " Five states -- Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage ." ))
Input: Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- ." COORDINATION(" small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns ." , " small-business lobbyists won a lower training rate ." ))
Input: The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill , which Gov. James Thompson vetoed , and Iowa and Tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill , which Gov. James Thompson vetoed ." COORDINATION(" Iowa amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams ." , " Tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams ." ))
Input: But small business , which generally detests government-mandated benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $ 25,000 and consulting and temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $ 25,000 ." COORDINATION(" The preferential treatment even applies to consulting -- which often go to the smaller concerns ." , " The preferential treatment even applies to temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns ." ))
Input: But in Washington state , small business generally opposes an initiative to boost spending on children 's programs by $ 360 million , fearing the state 's 7.8 % sales tax will be raised to finance the outlays .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But critics consider the changes regressive .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , severed the Bay Bridge , a major artery to the east , and closed most ramps leading to and from Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , severed the Bay Bridge , a major artery to the east ." COORDINATION(" The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , closed most ramps leading to Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south ." , " The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , closed most ramps leading from Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south ." ))
Input: But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In the best of times , the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And some commuters , relieved by the absence of gridlock , were planning to return to their old ways .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And when Mr. Kasparov strode into the playing hall , he called the outcome .
Prediction: NONE
Input: D.T. also has a prodigious and flawless memory , is utterly fearless , and could n't be distracted by the sexy nude sculptures spread around the playing hall , in the New York Academy of Art .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" D.T. is utterly fearless ." , " D.T. could n't be distracted by the sexy nude sculptures spread around the playing hall , in the New York Academy of Art ." COORDINATION(" D.T. also has a prodigious memory ." , " D.T. also has a flawless memory ." ))
Input: But the handlers mistakenly stuck with silicon chips ; they needed kryptonite .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights , but in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights ." COORDINATION(" in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight ." , " in this case D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity ." ))
Input: But nearly 3 1\/2 years later , Merrill says the investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 2 % on Dr. Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But investors who bought zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless the bank or thrift that issued the CD is closed and its deposits paid off before maturity or transferred to another institution at a lower rate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless its deposits paid off before maturity ." , " Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless its deposits transferred to another institution at a lower rate ." COORDINATION(" Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless the bank that issued the CD is closed ." , " Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless the thrift that issued the CD is closed ." ))
Input: And he says he 's learned a lesson : You always have to watch out for yourself .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Americans are drinking less , but young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka , brandy and other spirits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Americans are drinking less ." COORDINATION(" young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka ." , " young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American brandy ." , " young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American other spirits ." ))
Input: And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the shift has also been fueled by necessity .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In Japan , the wineries are promoting their products ' Pacific roots and courting restaurant and hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Japan , the wineries are promoting their products ' Pacific roots ." COORDINATION(" In Japan , the wineries are courting restaurant chefs , whose recommendations carry weight ." , " In Japan , the wineries are courting hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight ." ))
Input: To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg , Va. , and avuncular old men in overalls and hightops .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg , Va. ." COORDINATION(" To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of avuncular old men in overalls ." , " To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of avuncular old men in hightops ." ))
Input: But for the most part , officials have avoided expressing those views in public , fearing they would unnecessarily antagonize the Fed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But sales for U.S. franchisees were flat at best on a per-store basis despite weak 1988 figures .
Prediction: NONE
Input: If the ship fails to arrive , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of medium trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman ." , " Sales of heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman ." , " Sales of heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , chief financial officer ." COORDINATION(" Sales of medium trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , chief financial officer ." , " Sales of medium trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , chief administrative officer ." ))
Input: The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry , the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , and the Polish Ecological Club , and was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry , as well as Hungarians , Czechs , Russians , Japanese and Americans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was attended by 50 Poles from industry , as well as Americans ." COORDINATION(" The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was attended by 50 Poles from government , as well as Hungarians ." , " The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was attended by 50 Poles from government , as well as Czechs ." , " The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was attended by 50 Poles from government , as well as Russians ." , " The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was attended by 50 Poles from government , as well as Japanese ." , " The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was attended by 50 Poles from government , as well as Americans ." COORDINATION(" The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was attended by 50 Poles from industry , as well as Hungarians ." COORDINATION(" The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry ." , " The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund ." , " The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Polish Ecological Club ." ))))
Input: Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80 % of those for dust and soot emissions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites ." COORDINATION(" Norms are consistently exceeded at 80 % of those for dust emissions ." , " Norms are consistently exceeded at 80 % of those for soot emissions ." ))
Input: Between 1965 and 1985 , Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters , while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Poland produces about 20 times more soot per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe ." COORDINATION(" Poland produces five times more sulfur dioxide per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe ." , " Poland produces five times more solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe ." ))
Input: Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- a -RRB- Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; -LRB- b -RRB- planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and -LRB- c -RRB- the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- a -RRB- Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ." , " Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- c -RRB- the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a more wasteful use of natural resources than in the West ." COORDINATION(" Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- c -RRB- the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier use of energy than in the West ." , " Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- c -RRB- the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier use of natural resources than in the West ." COORDINATION(" Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- c -RRB- the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a more wasteful use of energy than in the West ." COORDINATION(" Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- b -RRB- planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned ." , " Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- b -RRB- planned economies ' inability to control pollution where penalties are paid by the government ." ))))
Input: The solutions they formally proposed included lead\/sulfur taxes , conservation and recycling incentives , reforestation offsets , transferable pollution permits , an ecological bank to finance pollution-reduction credits , and debt-for-environment swaps .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The solutions they formally proposed included lead\/sulfur taxes ." , " The solutions they formally proposed included reforestation offsets ." , " The solutions they formally proposed included transferable pollution permits ." , " The solutions they formally proposed included an ecological bank to finance pollution-reduction credits ." , " The solutions they formally proposed included debt-for-environment swaps ." COORDINATION(" The solutions they formally proposed included conservation incentives ." , " The solutions they formally proposed included recycling incentives ." ))
Input: But their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry from the state , making it fully accountable for pollution control .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the Poles are engaged in commerce .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Charlie Howley , vice president in charge of OTC trading at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. , said the selling was orderly .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Legent , a systems software stock , was down 1\/2 to 29 3\/4 on 39,300 shares .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But what do we mean , specifically , by creativity ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They may not be among the best and brightest of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But they need not be to do their jobs well .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there is not one shred of evidence that , other things being equal , salary differentials result in educational differentials .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure , which busies itself piling more and more paper work on the teachers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures -LRB- in real terms -RRB- have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century -- we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world -- educational performance has declined .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But many manufacturers find that communication between different computers has been rendered nearly impossible by the babel of computer languages used by different machines , including robots and machine tools .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under the accord , Albert Roth , chief executive officer will resign as directors of the menswear retailer ." , " Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman will resign as directors of the menswear retailer ." COORDINATION(" Under the accord , Arthur Chase will resign as officers of the menswear retailer ." , " Under the accord , Sam Beigel will resign as officers of the menswear retailer ." , " Under the accord , Louis Polsky will resign as officers of the menswear retailer ." COORDINATION(" Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman will resign as officers of the menswear retailer ." , " Under the accord , Albert Roth , chief executive officer will resign as officers of the menswear retailer ." )))
Input: In addition , a Norfolk affiliate , York Capital Inc. , will purchase all of the interests of Eagle 's secured lenders , which total $ 11.5 million , and guarantee as much as $ 8.2 million in payments to Eagle 's unsecured creditors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bankers Trust and with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York for $ 8 million , and a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners and Biny management for $ 2 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the time , Eagle reached a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners for $ 2 million ." , " At the time , Eagle reached a new subordinated debt accord with Biny management for $ 2 million ." COORDINATION(" At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bankers Trust for $ 8 million ." , " At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York for $ 8 million ." ))
Input: If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real GNP .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives ." COORDINATION(" If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity ." , " If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind other measures to increase real GNP ." ))
Input: But I had expected more , which is one reason I began looking at evidence suggesting defects in the official output estimates .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo ." COORDINATION(" urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning ." , " urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in other products ." ))
Input: Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea and a related civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea ." COORDINATION(" Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of a related civil settlement with the Securities Commission that includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties ." , " Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of a related civil settlement with the Exchange Commission that includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties ." ))
Input: But they disagree about the message these settlements give to the public .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or whether you should -LRB- simply -RRB- revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The question , she said , is whether you should -LRB- simply -RRB- revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony ." COORDINATION(" The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay ." , " The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to move on ." ))
Input: State officials wo n't describe their position in detail , but James McLelland Smith , state securities chief , said : We really are still looking at it and have informed -LRB- Drexel -RRB- that the proposal is really not sufficient for settlement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" State officials wo n't describe their position in detail ." COORDINATION(" James McLelland Smith , state securities chief , said : We really are still looking at it ." , " James McLelland Smith , state securities chief , said : We have informed -LRB- Drexel -RRB- that the proposal is really not sufficient for settlement ." ))
Input: It is one of the states that have met with Mr. Cohen and asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is one of the states that have met with Mr. Cohen ." COORDINATION(" It is one of the states that have asked for additional information about investors ' accounts ." , " It is one of the states that have asked for additional information about other matters ." ))
Input: But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked , according to state officials .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady , Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady are members of the board ." , " Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan are members of the board ." COORDINATION(" Housing Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board ." , " Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board ." ))
Input: Sovran also named John B. Werner a vice chairman of the parent company and the unit and elected him to the newly created position of chief credit officer of Sovran Financial , increasing the number of corporate board members to 35 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sovran also elected him to the newly created position of chief credit officer of Sovran Financial , increasing the number of corporate board members to 35 ." COORDINATION(" Sovran also named John B. Werner a vice chairman of the parent company , increasing the number of corporate board members to 35 ." , " Sovran also named John B. Werner a vice chairman of the unit , increasing the number of corporate board members to 35 ." ))
Input: At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors ." COORDINATION(" At the same time , Lloyd 's is hamstrung by inefficient ways of conducting business ." , " At the same time , Lloyd 's is hamstrung by time-honored ways of conducting business ." ))
Input: Investors may reap huge profits when premiums exceed claims , but they are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Investors may reap huge profits when premiums exceed claims ." COORDINATION(" they are liable to their last pound in the event of a catastrophe ." , " they are liable to their last dollar in the event of a catastrophe ." ))
Input: And catastrophes are getting ever more costly .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker 's compensation insurance , burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses , and bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker 's compensation insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business ." , " Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business ." COORDINATION(" Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as burglary insurance for homeowners , competitors now underwrite most of that business ." , " Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as burglary insurance for businesses , competitors now underwrite most of that business ." ))
Input: But since 1981 , Kirk Horse Insurance Inc. of Lexington , Ky. has grabbed a 20 % stake of the market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But along with such treasured artifacts as Lord Nelson 's spyglass , Lloyd 's also brought its outmoded ways of doing business .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it will be years before it is clear whether higher rates will offset the payouts for such disasters .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its reluctance to embrace modern technology .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public ." COORDINATION(" such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. ." , " such policies are sold only in limited markets such as Canada ." ))
Input: But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters , brokers and administrators before being implemented .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees before being implemented ." COORDINATION(" But such changes must be cleared by dozens of underwriters before being implemented ." , " But such changes must be cleared by dozens of brokers before being implemented ." , " But such changes must be cleared by dozens of administrators before being implemented ." ))
Input: Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market but that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking and securities dealing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking ." , " Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that is still seeking to realize its potential in global securities dealing ." ))
Input: And while the Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be fickle investors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But not a single piece of paper was sold .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he could n't sell any .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base , its influential position in the Tokyo market and its links to Japanese corporations and institutional investors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base ." , " Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its influential position in the Tokyo market ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its links to Japanese corporations ." , " Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its links to Japanese institutional investors ." ))
Input: But it Mr. Dozen 's experience as a salesman that enabled him to gain the political support -- particularly from the retail sales force -- to accede to the presidency .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And anybody who lacked the backing of the retail sales force would be fragile , said a Daiwa executive .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The two developments put the acquisition attempt back to square one and leaves the airline with an array of unresolved matters , including an unsettled labor situation and a management scrambling to restore its damaged credibility .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The two developments put the acquisition attempt back to square one ." COORDINATION(" The two developments leaves the airline with an array of unresolved matters , including an unsettled labor situation ." , " The two developments leaves the airline with an array of unresolved matters , including a management scrambling to restore its damaged credibility ." ))
Input: Among the first trades reported by the securities firm of Jefferies & Co. , which makes a market in UAL after the exchange is closed , were 10,000 shares at $ 170 , 6,000 shares at $ 162 , 2,500 at $ 162 , and 10,000 at $ 158 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the board said it was n't interested for now .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That proposal , valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , would have transferred majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it was clear that for the time being , the board wants the company to return to normalcy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Wolf faces a monumental task in pulling the company back together again .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause ." COORDINATION(" In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included significant wage concessions the union previously resisted ." , " In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included significant productivity gains the union previously resisted ." ))
Input: The buy-out effort also worsened already-strained relations between United 's pilot and machinist unions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But so far , most potential participants have n't decided .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And if Congress is going to assume authority to micromanage foreign policy , it 's going to have to take some of the responsibility too .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: Or maybe a Surgeon General 's warning : Confiding in the United States may be fatal .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And of course , doing anything that might be second-guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads are n't funded by property taxes ." , " Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's bridges are n't funded by property taxes ." , " Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's bridges are n't funded by state gasoline taxes ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads are n't funded by state gasoline taxes ." , " Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads are n't funded by federal gasoline taxes ." ))
Input: Glenn Cox , Phillips ' president and chief operating officer , and other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage and determine the cause of the afternoon explosions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Glenn Cox , Phillips ' president , flew from Bartlesville to determine the cause of the afternoon explosions ." , " other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage ." , " other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville to determine the cause of the afternoon explosions ." COORDINATION(" Glenn Cox , Phillips ' president , flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage ." , " Glenn Cox , Phillips ' chief operating officer , flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage ." ))
Input: Broken water lines and gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts , but by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control ." COORDINATION(" Broken water lines hindered firefighters ' efforts ." , " gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts ." ))
Input: The plant employs between 800 and 900 on three shifts .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million , and exploration and production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" exploration earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million ." , " production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million ." COORDINATION(" Refining earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million ." , " marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million ." ))
Input: The latest period included a $ 54 million gain from the sale of various oil and gas properties , a $ 22 million charge from the restructuring of Occidental 's domestic oil and gas operations , and tax credits of $ 42 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latest period included tax credits of $ 42 million ." COORDINATION(" The latest period included a $ 22 million charge from the restructuring of Occidental 's domestic oil operations ." , " The latest period included a $ 22 million charge from the restructuring of Occidental 's domestic gas operations ." COORDINATION(" The latest period included a $ 54 million gain from the sale of various oil properties ." , " The latest period included a $ 54 million gain from the sale of various gas properties ." )))
Input: The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The issue includes capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 ." COORDINATION(" The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 ." , " The issue includes current interest bonds due 2009 ." , " The issue includes current interest bonds due 2012 ." , " The issue includes current interest bonds due 2014 ." , " The issue includes current interest bonds due 2016 ." ))
Input: There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 ; $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 ; and $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par ." , " There are $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds due 2019 ." COORDINATION(" There are $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par ." , " There are $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds due 2009 ." COORDINATION(" There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par ." , " There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds due 2004 ." )))
Input: The offering , Series 107 , is backed by Freddie Mac 15-year , 9 % securities , and brings Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.8 billion and its total volume to $ 46.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The offering , Series 107 , is backed by Freddie Mac 15-year , 9 % securities ." COORDINATION(" The offering , Series 107 , brings Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 ." , " The offering , Series 107 , its total volume to $ 46.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 ." ))
Input: But I 'm going to proceed in a more logical way .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But that does n't mean I 'm not going to get angry .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But just how does Mr. Downey 's unorthodox style mesh with the sedate tone of CNBC 's business programming ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent principals and administrators should go , but the good ones ought to be left alone .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; the good ones ought to be left alone ." COORDINATION(" But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent principals should go ." , " But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent administrators should go ." ))
Input: Getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential , but in Chicago the new boards will make mistakes and Mr. Kimbrough will have to identify them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential ." COORDINATION(" in Chicago the new boards will make mistakes ." , " Mr. Kimbrough will have to identify them ." ))
Input: The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , took over the company and has been managing the Goodson properties and acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for Goodson .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , took over the company ." COORDINATION(" The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , has been managing the Goodson properties ." , " The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , has been acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for Goodson ." ))
Input: But in recent years , Mr. Ingersoll began focusing more on expanding his own newspaper empire in partnership with investment banking firm Warburg , Pincus & Co .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that Ralph and I have different agendas , and that he feels more comfortable with a management team whose sole interest and responsibility is in the Goodson papers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that he feels more comfortable with a management team whose sole interest is in the Goodson papers ." , " Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that he feels more comfortable with a management team whose sole responsibility is in the Goodson papers ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that Ralph have different agendas ." , " Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that I have different agendas ." ))
Input: Mr. Roman also had overseen Ogilvy Group 's two other units , the Scali McCabe Sloves advertising agency and its research division , but those units will now report directly to WPP .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" those units will now report directly to WPP ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Roman also had overseen Ogilvy Group 's two other units , the Scali McCabe Sloves advertising agency , ." , " Mr. Roman also had overseen Ogilvy Group 's two other units , its research division , ." ))
Input: Mr. Roman also brushed aside reports about infighting between him and Mr. Phillips , his successor at Ogilvy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: During time off , Mr. Roman tends to his garden ; Mr. Phillips confesses to a fondness for , among other things , fast cars and planes .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations , among other things ." , " Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's government affairs , among other things ." ))
Input: And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But David Lord , managing editor of Consultants News , an industry publication based in Fitzwilliam , N.H. , said an industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two times Cleveland Consulting 's approximately $ 15 million annual revenue .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on Turner Broadcasting 's Turner Network Television channel , or TNT , and then will be released internationally in movie theaters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will be released internationally in movie theaters ." COORDINATION(" The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on Turner Broadcasting 's Turner Network Television channel , ." , " The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on TNT , ." ))
Input: But he said Turner Broadcasting already has found some ideas that might work well as films for theatrical release in the U.S. .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio ." , " the company has never released its own pictures to theaters ." COORDINATION(" Turner has made several movies for its networks in recent years ." , " Turner has made several docudramas for its networks in recent years ." , " Turner has made several documentaries for its networks in recent years ." ))
Input: Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and canning concern , a bakery and bus and trucking firms , among others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , among others ." , " Navigation Mixte has investments in a bakery , among others ." COORDINATION(" Navigation Mixte has investments in bus firms , among others ." , " Navigation Mixte has investments in trucking firms , among others ." COORDINATION(" Navigation Mixte has investments in a food concern , among others ." , " Navigation Mixte has investments in a canning concern , among others ." )))
Input: And Navigation Mixte has a huge hidden attraction .
Prediction: NONE
Input: France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The New York market made its high for the day on the opening and when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as previous buyers bailed out of their positions and aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The New York market made its high for the day on the opening ." COORDINATION(" when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as previous buyers bailed out of their positions ." , " when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in ." ))
Input: Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain and other Western commodities and goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much ." COORDINATION(" Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy other Western commodities will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much ." , " Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy other Western goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much ." ))
Input: For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan ." COORDINATION(" For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 tons of refined sugar ." , " For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 200,000 tons of refined sugar ." ))
Input: But with no reports of either country actually entering the market , analysts said , futures prices became vulnerable .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Savaiko expects stepped-up producer selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Ikegai-Goss , which has about 200 employees , is among the industry leaders in keyless inking technology , which reduces time and materials waste when preparing a press for printing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In more evidence of the growing division between good and bad junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Price talk calls for the reset notes to be priced at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But alleviating that overhang failed to stimulate much activity in the secondary market , where prices were off 1\/8 to up 3\/8 point .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Pickin one or two , says the guide , chuckling .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And we are the first back at the dock , where the great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The guide is young and he knows this business but he wants a different life after college , such as working for IBM and wearing a necktie .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The guide is young ." , " he knows this business ." COORDINATION(" he wants a different life after college , such as working for IBM ." , " he wants a different life after college , such as wearing a necktie ." ))
Input: Texas is big and beautiful and they live here , that 's all .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they live here , that 's all ." COORDINATION(" Texas is big , that 's all ." , " Texas is beautiful , that 's all ." ))
Input: The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice and cotton and sorghum as far as the eye can see .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of sorghum as far as the eye can see ." COORDINATION(" The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice as far as the eye can see ." , " The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of cotton as far as the eye can see ." ))
Input: Deer , wild hog , armadillos and alligators are the glamour quadrupeds and the birds are innumerable , especially the herons and the spoonbills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the birds are innumerable , especially the herons ." , " the birds are innumerable , especially the spoonbills ." COORDINATION(" Deer are the glamour quadrupeds ." , " wild hog are the glamour quadrupeds ." , " armadillos are the glamour quadrupeds ." , " alligators are the glamour quadrupeds ." ))
Input: And , for Ms. Baker , the ride was far from over .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Her bare breasts , her dancing , her voice , her beauty and , perhaps most famously , her derriere , were prominent attractions , but courage of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" courage of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible ." COORDINATION(" Her bare breasts , were prominent attractions ." , " her dancing , were prominent attractions ." , " her voice , were prominent attractions ." , " her beauty , were prominent attractions ." , " her derriere , were prominent attractions ." ))
Input: She adopted 12 of assorted races , naming them the Rainbow Tribe , and driving her husband first to despair and then to Argentina .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She adopted 12 of assorted races , naming them the Rainbow Tribe ." COORDINATION(" She adopted 12 of assorted races , driving her husband first to despair ." , " She adopted 12 of assorted races , then to Argentina ." ))
Input: The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker The most sensational woman anybody ever saw .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read ." COORDINATION(" the pictures make her magnetism clear ." , " the pictures help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker The most sensational woman anybody ever saw ." ))
Input: Or ever will .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But as an 80 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , beginning in 1992 , it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the trust , in most cases , is forbidden from seeking a buyer for only its shares before November 1993 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Business : Forest products and roofing
Prediction: NONE
Input: The FTC 's request was not unusual and Emerson will make a full and prompt response , according to a spokesman .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The FTC 's request was not unusual , according to a spokesman ." COORDINATION(" Emerson will make a full response , according to a spokesman ." , " Emerson will make a prompt response , according to a spokesman ." ))
Input: In addition , pension funds are rarely given seats on company boards and most often try to avoid them because of legal concerns .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But fund officials said the Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with California properties .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land with development potential , but under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California , Arizona and the Chicago area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land with development potential ." COORDINATION(" under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California ." , " under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in Arizona ." , " under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in the Chicago area ." ))
Input: The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who was implicated by former arbitrager Ivan Boesky , and then pointed the finger at Mr. Sherwin , takeover speculator Salim B. Lewis and corporate raider Paul Bilzerian .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who was implicated by former arbitrager Ivan Boesky ." COORDINATION(" The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who then pointed the finger at Mr. Sherwin ." , " The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who then pointed the finger at takeover speculator Salim B. Lewis ." , " The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who then pointed the finger at corporate raider Paul Bilzerian ." ))
Input: But GAF 's bellwether role was short-lived .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Baltimore attorney Michael A. Pretl and 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants in the U.S. and abroad argue that the appeal would delay -- and perhaps even destroy -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Baltimore attorney Michael A. Pretl argue that the appeal would delay -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan ." , " 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants abroad argue that the appeal would perhaps even destroy -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan ." , " Baltimore attorney Michael A. Pretl argue that the appeal would perhaps even destroy -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan ." COORDINATION(" 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants in the U.S. argue that the appeal would delay -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan ." , " 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants abroad argue that the appeal would delay -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan ." ))
Input: American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Donohoo faces as much as three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine for the Superfund conviction and as much as one year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine for the violation of the Clean Air Act .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Donohoo as much as one year in prison for the violation of the Clean Air Act ." , " Mr. Donohoo a $ 100,000 fine for the violation of the Clean Air Act ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Donohoo faces as much as three years in prison for the Superfund conviction ." , " Mr. Donohoo faces a $ 250,000 fine for the Superfund conviction ." ))
Input: James Burke and Larry Evans , formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery , and Prudence Clark , a Barclay sales representative , were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prudence Clark , a Barclay sales representative , were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs ." COORDINATION(" James Burke , formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs ." , " Larry Evans , formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs ." ))
Input: Attorneys for Messrs. Burke and Evans and Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Attorneys for Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January ." COORDINATION(" Attorneys for Messrs. Burke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January ." , " Attorneys for Messrs. Evans said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January ." ))
Input: Neither Mr. Payne nor Mr. Decker could be reached to comment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: When he was hired , Mr. Payne lauded Mr. Decker 's extraordinary ... skills and his outstanding reputation as one of the West 's brightest bankers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent ." , " In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gary W. Krat , president of the subsidiary ." COORDINATION(" In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated ." , " In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , head of back-office operations at the subsidiary ." ))
Input: Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales ." COORDINATION(" Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance ." , " Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing the start of shipments of its new product lines : large-size women 's apparel ." , " Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing the start of shipments of its new product lines : casual knitwear ." ))
Input: But the market lost part of the early gains on index-linked investment trust fund selling .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday , with many observers saying they expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Dealers , however , said forecasts are broadly divergent with estimates ranging between # 1 billion and # 2 billion .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Norbert Braeuer , chief trader at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale -LRB- Helaba -RRB- , said he expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam , lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan , mixed in Brussels and unchanged in Paris .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam ." , " Elsewhere , prices mixed in Brussels ." , " Elsewhere , prices unchanged in Paris ." COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , prices lower in Zurich ." , " Elsewhere , prices lower in Stockholm ." , " Elsewhere , prices lower in Milan ." ))
Input: Shares closed higher in Hong Kong , Singapore and Manila , and were lower in Sydney , Seoul and Taipei .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares were lower in Sydney ." , " Shares were lower in Seoul ." , " Shares were lower in Taipei ." COORDINATION(" Shares closed higher in Hong Kong ." , " Shares closed higher in Singapore ." , " Shares closed higher in Manila ." ))
Input: Enviropact Inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell its pump and tank division and drilling division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Enviropact Inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell drilling division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million ." COORDINATION(" Enviropact Inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell its pump division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million ." , " Enviropact Inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell its tank division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million ." ))
Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items climbed 27 % to # 143.4 million from # 112.5 million , with earnings per share rising to 85.1 pence -LRB- $ 1.35 -RRB- from 79.4 pence -LRB- $ 1.26 -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Profit before extraordinary items climbed 27 % to # 143.4 million from # 112.5 million , with earnings per share rising to 85.1 pence -LRB- $ 1.35 -RRB- from 79.4 pence -LRB- $ 1.26 -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Profit after taxes climbed 27 % to # 143.4 million from # 112.5 million , with earnings per share rising to 85.1 pence -LRB- $ 1.35 -RRB- from 79.4 pence -LRB- $ 1.26 -RRB- ." , " Profit after minority interests climbed 27 % to # 143.4 million from # 112.5 million , with earnings per share rising to 85.1 pence -LRB- $ 1.35 -RRB- from 79.4 pence -LRB- $ 1.26 -RRB- ." ))
Input: The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration , but it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more and waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration ." COORDINATION(" it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more ." , " it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds ." ))
Input: By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. , Miss . -RRB- and his party 's largest state delegation in the House .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative ." COORDINATION(" the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. , Miss . -RRB- ." , " the debate forced a strained confrontation between his party 's largest state delegation in the House ." ))
Input: The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans ." , " The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1 billion in highway construction funds ." COORDINATION(" The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance ." , " The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1.35 billion divided between a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters ." ))
Input: But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A White House budget office analysis estimates that $ 500 million -- or half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs , and the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration ." COORDINATION(" A White House budget office analysis estimates that $ 500 million -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs ." , " A White House budget office analysis estimates that half the level in the committee bill -- is needed for highway assistance to meet California 's needs ." ))
Input: A master of pork-barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A master of pork-barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package in vintage style ." COORDINATION(" A master of pork-barrel politics , he had used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact ." , " A master of pork-barrel politics , he had used the full force of his chairmanship to dismiss any alternative ." ))
Input: The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands , and lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in North and South Carolina .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands ." COORDINATION(" lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in North Carolina ." , " lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in South Carolina ." ))
Input: He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement in the war in Afghanistan , saying it involved gross violations of ... civil norms and ethics .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized ." COORDINATION(" Travelers crowded into subways ." , " Travelers sat in traffic jams on major freeways ." , " Travelers waited for buses in the rain ." ))
Input: Iran 's President Rafsanjani offered to help gain freedom for Western hostages in Lebanon , but said the assistance was contingent on U.S. aid in resolving the cases of three Iranians kidnapped in Lebanon in 1982 or the release of frozen Iranian assets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Iran 's President Rafsanjani offered to help gain freedom for Western hostages in Lebanon ." COORDINATION(" Iran 's President Rafsanjani said the assistance was contingent on U.S. aid in resolving the cases of three Iranians kidnapped in Lebanon in 1982 ." , " Iran 's President Rafsanjani said the assistance was contingent on the release of frozen Iranian assets ." ))
Input: Jim Farooquee , chief executive officer of the Tustin , Calif. , computer accessories supplier , said he was comfortable with analysts ' expectations that CMS would earn between six cents and eight cents a share on revenue of about $ 42 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It said it will buy back two million shares , or 18.4 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It said it will continue operations buying and managing real estate ." COORDINATION(" It said it will buy back two million shares , of the total outstanding ." , " It said it will buy back 18.4 % , of the total outstanding ." ))
Input: The California Student Aid Commission took the action Oct. 15 after a government audit cited National Technical Schools for having courses too short to be eligible for the educational loan program and having a student drop-out rate far in excess of federal standards , and it alleged other serious violations of law and regulations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it alleged other serious violations of law ." , " it alleged other serious violations of regulations ." COORDINATION(" The California Student Aid Commission took the action Oct. 15 after a government audit cited National Technical Schools for having courses too short to be eligible for the educational loan program ." , " The California Student Aid Commission took the action Oct. 15 after a government audit cited National Technical Schools for having a student drop-out rate far in excess of federal standards ." ))
Input: The regulations , required under legislation enacted by Congress last year , will apply to imports of vehicles that were n't built to meet U.S. government auto safety standards and were intended for use in Europe or elsewhere abroad .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The regulations , required under legislation enacted by Congress last year , will apply to imports of vehicles that were n't built to meet U.S. government auto safety standards ." COORDINATION(" The regulations , required under legislation enacted by Congress last year , will apply to imports of vehicles that were intended for use in Europe ." , " The regulations , required under legislation enacted by Congress last year , will apply to imports of vehicles that were intended for use elsewhere abroad ." ))
Input: Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 6.4 million and $ 6.9 million , or between 32 cents and 34 cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between 32 cents and 34 cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 ." COORDINATION(" Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 6.4 million , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 ." , " Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 6.9 million , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 ." ))
Input: But instead of thanks , Sen. Cranston was treated with cool formality .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Keating arranged hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston ." , " Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to his various political causes ." ))
Input: And he has attached himself to the Lincoln story tenaciously .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Chairman Gonzalez is a genuine maverick .
Prediction: NONE
Input: An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in Sen. Cranston and the four others , Sens. Dennis DeConcini -LRB- D. , Ariz. -RRB- , John McCain -LRB- R. , Ariz. -RRB- , John Glenn -LRB- D. , Ohio -RRB- and Donald Riegle -LRB- D. , Mich . -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in Sen. Cranston ." COORDINATION(" An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in the four others , Sens. Dennis DeConcini -LRB- D. , Ariz. -RRB- ." , " An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in the four others , Sens. John McCain -LRB- R. , Ariz. -RRB- ." , " An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in the four others , Sens. John Glenn -LRB- D. , Ohio -RRB- ." , " An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in the four others , Sens. Donald Riegle -LRB- D. , Mich . -RRB- ." ))
Input: And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But at the same time , Mr. Gonzalez has n't forgotten a confrontation over Mr. Wall during House-Senate negotiations over S&L bailout legislation during the summer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Senate negotiators included Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah ." COORDINATION(" The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston ." , " The Senate negotiators included Sens. Riegle ." ))
Input: But the witness , William Crawford , California 's chief state thrift regulator , denies saying that .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But I loved turbans . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE
Input: However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , she remembers the lean years ." COORDINATION(" However , she recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later ." , " However , she recalls with relish having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel ." ))
Input: I used to wear hats in Russia , but I had to make them and my dresses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I used to wear hats in Russia ." COORDINATION(" I had to make them ." , " I had to make my dresses ." ))
Input: At Movieline , she wants specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Movieline , she wants specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- tongue-in-cheek ." COORDINATION(" At Movieline , she wants specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright ." , " At Movieline , she wants specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bold ." ))
Input: They eat sinful and sensual things -- and explain their clips .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They explain their clips ." COORDINATION(" They eat sinful things ." , " They eat sensual things ." ))
Input: And she has this inexhaustible energy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But we should n't leave out political reasons , number one .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Volokh was fired from his job ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Volokh had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage ." , " Mr. Volokh had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of counterrevolutionary activities ." ))
Input: Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field , but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field ." COORDINATION(" Ms. Volokh refused the obvious occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English ." , " Ms. Volokh refused the available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English ." ))
Input: Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. and Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , Montedison S.p.A. of Italy and several Japanese groups , about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. of the U.S. , about jointly operating several big petrochemical plants ." , " Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Montedison S.p.A. of Italy , about jointly building several big petrochemical plants ." , " Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including several Japanese groups , about jointly building several big petrochemical plants ." , " Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Montedison S.p.A. of Italy , about jointly operating several big petrochemical plants ." COORDINATION(" Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. of the U.S. , about jointly building several big petrochemical plants ." , " Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , about jointly building several big petrochemical plants ." ))
Input: The plans have come under fire from Soviet environmentalists , and officials say many are likely to be scaled back or dropped .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The plans have come under fire from Soviet environmentalists ." COORDINATION(" officials say many are likely to be scaled back ." , " officials say many are likely to be dropped ." ))
Input: And unruly crowds at RJR Nabisco Inc. 's booth almost knocked over a glass showcase in the rush to get a free Camel cigarette sticker .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the current Soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray and Control Data Corp .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He said the move will significantly reduce administrative and operating costs , but he did n't provide details of the merger .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he did n't provide details of the merger ." COORDINATION(" He said the move will significantly reduce administrative costs ." , " He said the move will significantly reduce operating costs ." ))
Input: MGM\/UA has sued Qintex Australia for breach of contract and fraud over the collapsed acquisition agreement , and Qintex Australia has threatened a countersuit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Qintex Australia has threatened a countersuit ." COORDINATION(" MGM\/UA has sued Qintex Australia for breach of contract over the collapsed acquisition agreement ." , " MGM\/UA has sued Qintex Australia for fraud over the collapsed acquisition agreement ." ))
Input: Mr. Skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as rent and travel , but a smaller portion is owed to senior executives and others for management services .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Skase said a smaller portion is owed to senior executives for management services ." , " Mr. Skase said a smaller portion is owed to others for management services ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as rent ." , " Mr. Skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as travel ." ))
Input: But Ramtron of Colorado Springs , Colo. , plans to start shipping commercial quantities of simple ferroelectric chips in December .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And while today 's non-volatile chips -- such as electronically erasable programmable read-only memory chips -- ca n't be used in a computer 's central memory because they learn data slowly , ferroelectric chips accept data at very high speeds .
Prediction: NONE
Input: An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But last year Hitachi Ltd. surprised Japan 's electronics industry when it accused Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co. of using Hitachi technology to make dynamic random-access memory chips .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Hitachi went on the offensive against the U.S. 's Motorola Inc. earlier this month with a suit charging that Motorola 's new MC88200 chip infringes on a Hitachi patent .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Translation : Motorola appears to have taken a Hitachi technology that is patented in the U.S. , Hitachi says , and tried to make it look like a new technology .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE
Input: They mimic the brain by looking at an image , extracting the fundamentals -- boundaries , corners and lines -- and translating them into computer data .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They mimic the brain by looking at an image ." , " They mimic the brain by translating them into computer data ." COORDINATION(" They mimic the brain by extracting the fundamentals -- boundaries -- ." , " They mimic the brain by extracting the fundamentals -- corners -- ." , " They mimic the brain by extracting the fundamentals -- lines -- ." ))
Input: Using reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , chips made by Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. , the system splits the image it sees into 20 digital representations , each processed by one chip .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He said Tandy has done a decent job increasing sales by manufacturing computers for others and expanding sales of its Grid Systems Corp. subsidiary , which sells computers to bigger businesses , but it 's not enough to offset the problems at Radio Shack .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said it 's not enough to offset the problems at Radio Shack ." COORDINATION(" He said Tandy has done a decent job increasing sales by manufacturing computers for others ." , " He said Tandy has done a decent job increasing sales by expanding sales of its Grid Systems Corp. subsidiary , which sells computers to bigger businesses ." ))
Input: But we think the risks are there for things getting a lot worse .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the risks are n't appropriate for us , he says .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mrs. Boehm did n't mention any of them .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating , says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Name-dropping is pervasive , says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele ." COORDINATION(" Name-dropping is getting more so as society becomes more complex , says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele ." , " Name-dropping is getting more so as society becomes more alienating , says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele ." ))
Input: And she said , Hello .
Prediction: NONE
Input: I do it innately and pathologically , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , he says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties , he says ." , " while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to society , he says ." COORDINATION(" I do it innately , he says ." , " I do it pathologically , he says ." ))
Input: Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Malcolm Forbes , publisher of Forbes magazine -LRB- We've been in the columns together -RRB- , Mary Boone , a New York art dealer -LRB- I think she knows me , but I 'm not sure -RRB- and Bridget Fonda , the actress -LRB- She knows me , but we 're not really the best of friends -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Malcolm Forbes , publisher of Forbes magazine -LRB- We've been in the columns together -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Bridget Fonda , the actress -LRB- She knows me -RRB- ." , " Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Bridget Fonda , the actress -LRB- we 're not really the best of friends -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Mary Boone , a New York art dealer -LRB- I think she knows me -RRB- ." , " Mr. Houston-Montgomery says that at the party he waved to Mary Boone , a New York art dealer -LRB- I 'm not sure -RRB- ." )))
Input: But name-dropping has other benefits , often civic .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And some even do it with malice aforethought .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And her husband sometimes calls her Ducky .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But no one else does .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 408 when the decade began , according to Automotive News , a trade publication .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the reward is that there 's less need to make tradeoffs in choosing one 's wheels .
Prediction: NONE
Input: She wants something big , and already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker and Lincoln Town Car .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She wants something big ." COORDINATION(" She already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker ." , " She already has looked at the Lincoln Town Car ." ))
Input: Today , they identify 19 distinct segments for cars , and another 11 for trucks and vans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today , they identify 19 distinct segments for cars ." COORDINATION(" Today , they identify another 11 for trucks ." , " Today , they identify another 11 for vans ." ))
Input: But slow sales forced Ford to kill the brand just last week .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who live in the West and are well-educated , affluent and , especially , young .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who live in the West ." COORDINATION(" Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who are well-educated ." , " Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who are affluent ." , " Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who are young ." ))
Input: Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Americans spent more than $ 190 billion on new cars and trucks last year , and just 1 % of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $ 1.86 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" just 1 % of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $ 1.86 billion ." COORDINATION(" Americans spent more than $ 190 billion on new cars last year ." , " Americans spent more than $ 190 billion on new trucks last year ." ))
Input: But for those Californians who want exotic gardens out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And you ca n't cut this chain with bolt cutters .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits ." COORDINATION(" The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy baskets of stocks ." , " The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders sell baskets of stocks ." ))
Input: Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. , have focused almost entirely on HDTV hardware , and virtually ignored software or programs shot in high-definition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. , have focused almost entirely on HDTV hardware ." , " Japanese electronic giants , such as Hitachi Ltd. , have focused almost entirely on HDTV hardware ." , " Japanese electronic giants , such as Hitachi Ltd. , have virtually ignored programs shot in high-definition ." COORDINATION(" Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. , have virtually ignored software ." , " Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. , have virtually ignored programs shot in high-definition ." ))
Input: And only a handful of small U.S. companies are engaged in high-definition software development .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years ." COORDINATION(" Kodak wo n't disclose the cost ." , " Kodak wo n't disclose when its converter will be on the market ." ))
Input: And the potential market is tremendous , industry experts say .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Mr. Niles , the program producer , contends that Kodak 's move is a sound marketing decision .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But this time it 's hurting opposition as well as ruling-party members .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the scandal itself is so convoluted that ruling-party members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of undermining the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But , he adds , We ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in the middle of it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the implications could be great .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan ." COORDINATION(" Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North Korean residents ' organizations ." , " Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with South Korean residents ' organizations ." ))
Input: But the total of all those pinging balls has created an industry with a reported annual income of 13 trillion yen -LRB- almost $ 92 billion -RRB- , or nearly the size of Japan 's vaunted automobile industry .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And because the pachinko industry is regularly at the top of annual lists for tax evasion , some observers estimate the real income could be as much as 20 trillion yen .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering bribes to win support in the battle against prepaid cards , or it may have been laundering money back and forth between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering bribes to win support in the battle against prepaid cards ." COORDINATION(" The magazine alleged that in making the donations , it may have been laundering money back between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren ." , " The magazine alleged that in making the donations , it may have been laundering money forth between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren ." ))
Input: And at first , neither the opposition nor the LDP wanted to pursue the issue .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The JSP admitted Oct. 13 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization , and charged LDP members with receiving 125 million yen -LRB- $ 880,000 -RRB- and other opposition parties with taking about 2.5 million yen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The JSP admitted Oct. 13 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization ." COORDINATION(" The JSP charged LDP members with receiving 125 million yen -LRB- $ 880,000 -RRB- ." , " The JSP other opposition parties with taking about 2.5 million yen ." ))
Input: The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , many speak only Japanese ." COORDINATION(" The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born in Japan ." , " The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely raised in Japan ." ))
Input: But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But I was n't ready for a career at that time .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But she was always encouraging .
Prediction: NONE
Input: As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , You 've just got to get the -LCB- expletive deleted -RCB- out of there .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And he yelled out dolce ! dolce ! -LCB- sweet ! sweet ! -RCB- .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections and virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections ." COORDINATION(" But there are virtuoso fireworks for soloist ." , " But there are virtuoso fireworks for brass ." , " But there are virtuoso fireworks for timpani ." ))
Input: And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % ." COORDINATION(" During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product have risen 30 % ." , " During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , disposable personal income have risen 30 % ." , " During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % ." ))
Input: And the ratio of installment debt to disposable personal income -- personal income after taxes -- has hit a high of about 18 1\/2 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But what about the debt burden ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , more importantly , he says , the debt burden measured other ways is not really in uncharted waters .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And if you consider the changing distribution of credit , Mr. Durkin says , much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , that is , those probably best able to handle it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Citing figures on home-equity loans , he notes that 11 % of homeowners had home-equity credit accounts , but the proportion rises to 16 % of homeowners in the $ 45,000-$60,000 income range and 23 % of homeowners with income above $ 60,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Citing figures on home-equity loans , he notes that 11 % of homeowners had home-equity credit accounts ." COORDINATION(" Citing figures on home-equity loans , he notes that the proportion rises to 16 % of homeowners in the $ 45,000-$60,000 income range ." , " Citing figures on home-equity loans , he notes that the proportion rises to 23 % of homeowners with income above $ 60,000 ." ))
Input: And much home-equity credit is used conservatively .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In fact , the current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales and the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact , the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly ." COORDINATION(" In fact , the current weakness in auto buying suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly ." , " In fact , the current weakness in department-store sales suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly ." ))
Input: The 67-year-old maker of brassieres , panties , and lingerie enjoys one of the best-known brand images , but its financial profile is closely guarded by members of the founding family .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" its financial profile is closely guarded by members of the founding family ." COORDINATION(" The 67-year-old maker of brassieres enjoys one of the best-known brand images ." , " The 67-year-old maker of panties enjoys one of the best-known brand images ." , " The 67-year-old maker of lingerie enjoys one of the best-known brand images ." ))
Input: But Maidenform officials say that after spending 24 years at Maidenform , Mr. Lesk , 48 , made it clear he wanted the top job .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And last year , Playtex Holdings Inc. went private for about $ 680 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It was then split into Playtex Apparel Inc. , the intimate apparel division , and Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes tampons , hair-care items and other products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It was then split into Playtex Apparel Inc. , the intimate apparel division , ." COORDINATION(" It was then split into Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes tampons ." , " It was then split into Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes hair-care items ." , " It was then split into Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes other products ." ))
Input: Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores ." COORDINATION(" the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , ." , " the company has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more ." ))
Input: But before import growth slowed , China 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll on foreign-exchange reserves .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In one , imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months , and the current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In one , the current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion ." COORDINATION(" In one , imports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months ." , " In one , exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months ." ))
Input: But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But in either case , the report says , China 's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves , which are used to finance the imbalance .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he flies for Federal Express Corp. , perhaps the closest thing in corporate America to the Green Berets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A union , sooner or later , has to have an adversary , and it has to have a victory , Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman and chief executive , says with disdain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A union , sooner , has to have an adversary , Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chief executive , says with disdain ." , " it has to have a victory , Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman , says with disdain ." , " it has to have a victory , Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chief executive , says with disdain ." COORDINATION(" A union , sooner , has to have an adversary , Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman , says with disdain ." , " A union , later , has to have an adversary , Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman , says with disdain ." ))
Input: Depending on the outcome , the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics , ramp workers , stock clerks and flight dispatchers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , with many of his 70,000 workers , Mr. Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But though couriers work as many as 60 hours a week during the autumn rush , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum paycheck .
Prediction: NONE
Input: UPS wo n't discuss its labor practices , but , according to Mr. Cleveland , a former UPS employee , and others , union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" UPS wo n't discuss its labor practices ." COORDINATION(" according to Mr. Cleveland , a former UPS employee , , union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans ." , " according to others , union work rules prohibit UPS drivers from doing more than carrying packages between customers and their vans ." ))
Input: But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers , Mr. Smith does n't countenance what he considers insubordination .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists , and that is costing Federal a big number , says James Barksdale , executive vice president and chief operating officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate seniority lists , says James Barksdale , chief operating officer ." , " Meanwhile , that is costing Federal a big number , says James Barksdale , executive vice president ." , " Meanwhile , that is costing Federal a big number , says James Barksdale , chief operating officer ." COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups , says James Barksdale , executive vice president ." , " Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate seniority lists , says James Barksdale , executive vice president ." ))
Input: But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And for now , at least , the competition is n't the only enemy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks and other heavy-tracked vehicles when they break down or are damaged , and an option for 16 more .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve other heavy-tracked vehicles when they are damaged , ." , " The company said it received an option for 16 more ." COORDINATION(" The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks when they break down , ." , " The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks when they are damaged , ." COORDINATION(" The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve other heavy-tracked vehicles when they break down , ." )))
Input: The usual suspects are found to be guilty , then not guilty , then guilty -- but of a different crime .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And when he 's told Try a little tenderness , he shoots back I 'm going home to try a little linguine .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner -LRB- and writer\/producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" writer\/producers Ken Solarz -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point ." , " writer\/producers Steve Bello -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point ." COORDINATION(" Executive Producers Steve Sohmer -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point ." , " Executive Producers Jeff Bleckner -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point ." ))
Input: And Mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his lungs : How the hell can you live with yourself ? he erupts at a politician .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , at least once a show , someone delivers the line Get off that soapbox .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Asked to say a few words , he pulls out his crumpled piece of paper and tries to talk , but he 's too choked up to get the words out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he 's too choked up to get the words out ." COORDINATION(" Asked to say a few words , he pulls out his crumpled piece of paper ." , " Asked to say a few words , he tries to talk ." ))
Input: But Mr. Lippens said a rescue also could involve Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. , which owns 5 % of AG .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months .
Prediction: NONE
Input: So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff and tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff ." , " So , following both the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff ." , " So , following both the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , then making sure presidential decisions are carried out ." COORDINATION(" So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser , Gen. Scowcroft has tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of intelligence community ." , " So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser , Gen. Scowcroft has tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department ." , " So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser , Gen. Scowcroft has tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of Pentagon ." COORDINATION(" So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser , Gen. Scowcroft has tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president ." , " So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser , Gen. Scowcroft has tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , then making sure presidential decisions are carried out ." )))
Input: The Tower Commission specifically said that the NSC staff should be small and warned against letting energetic self-starters like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department , Pentagon or Central Intelligence Agency .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Tower Commission specifically said that the NSC staff should be small ." COORDINATION(" The Tower Commission warned against letting energetic self-starters like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department ." , " The Tower Commission warned against letting energetic self-starters like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to Pentagon ." , " The Tower Commission warned against letting energetic self-starters like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to Central Intelligence Agency ." ))
Input: By law , the council includes the president , vice president and secretaries of state and defense .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By law , the council includes the president ." , " By law , the council includes vice president ." COORDINATION(" By law , the council includes secretaries of state ." , " By law , the council includes secretaries of defense ." ))
Input: But one clear problem during the coup attempt was that the NSC staffer most experienced in Latin America , Everett Briggs , was gone .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Gen. Scowcroft is particularly well-versed in arms control , and Mr. Gates has spent years studying Soviet politics and society .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gen. Scowcroft is particularly well-versed in arms control ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Gates has spent years studying Soviet politics ." , " Mr. Gates has spent years studying Soviet society ." ))
Input: The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Tomlin , among other things , illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Matthew Lesko , something of a professional defender of government , thought he had a sure-fire winner last summer when he offered $ 5,000 for the best verifiable story of 250 words or less about how a government bureaucrat helped you .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a My Favorite Bureaucrat plaque and offered each of two runners-up $ 500 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he says he would prefer to get nominations from rank-and-file folks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the talks on a heavy truck alliance apparently did n't go far .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the talks yielded nothing so advanced that we needed to make a public announcement about it , he said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Last year , the top 12 players on each NFL team took home an average $ 536,000 , a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He quickly cut the team 's bloated administrative staff by half , shut down a Cowboys-owned dance academy and , in July , announced plans to sell Valley Ranch , the team 's 30-acre practice camp and the most lavish training facility in the NFL .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He quickly cut the team 's bloated administrative staff by half ." , " He shut down a Cowboys-owned dance academy ." COORDINATION(" He , in July , announced plans to sell Valley Ranch , the team 's 30-acre practice camp ." , " He , in July , announced plans to sell Valley Ranch , the most lavish training facility in the NFL ." ))
Input: And as for Tom Landry , well , in Mr. Jones 's mind , he had played out his winning years .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He tapped Jimmy Johnson , a teammate on the 1964 University of Arkansas squad and the head coach at the University of Miami , where he led the Hurricanes to five winning seasons and a national championship in 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He tapped Jimmy Johnson , a teammate on the 1964 University of Arkansas squad ." COORDINATION(" He tapped Jimmy Johnson , the head coach at the University of Miami , where he led the Hurricanes to five winning seasons ." , " He tapped Jimmy Johnson , the head coach at the University of Miami , where he led the Hurricanes to a national championship in 1987 ." ))
Input: Seven games -LRB- and , after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday , seven losses -RRB- into the season , the new Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The suites are air-conditioned , have wet bars and plush seating , and offer a clear view of the field -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size and location .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The suites are air-conditioned -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size ." , " The suites have plush seating -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their location ." , " The suites offer a clear view of the field -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size ." , " The suites are air-conditioned -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their location ." COORDINATION(" The suites have wet bars -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size ." , " The suites have plush seating -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size ." ))
Input: Details of the plan , which would go into effect in 1993 , are sketchy , but each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position and ability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Details of the plan , which would go into effect in 1993 , are sketchy ." COORDINATION(" each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position ." , " each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his ability ." ))
Input: Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He puts in busy six-day weeks -LRB- excluding game days -RRB- , and on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a TV producer , his luxury-suite marketing manager , a disgruntled customer and a roomful of Arkansas reporters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He puts in busy six-day weeks -LRB- excluding game days -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" He on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a TV producer ." , " He on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from his luxury-suite marketing manager ." , " He on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a disgruntled customer ." , " He on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a roomful of Arkansas reporters ." ))
Input: But his complaint that Days of Rage does n't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Bush asked Congress to raise to $ 6 billion from $ 3 billion the amount of money Defense Secretary Dick Cheney may shift among the Pentagon 's individual programs , projects and activities , allowing him to ease the pain that the Gramm-Rudman budget law was intended to inflict .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee and the Senate Securities Subcommittee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The legislation will be the focus of hearings this week by the Senate Securities Subcommittee ." , " other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the Senate Securities Subcommittee ." , " other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications Subcommittee ." COORDINATION(" The legislation will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications Subcommittee ." , " The legislation will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Finance Subcommittee ." ))
Input: But some Wall Street executives argue that such fears are unwarranted .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art seem modest ." , " In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such passionate commitment to moral principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of idealism seem modest ." , " In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of idealism seem modest ." , " In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of revolution seem modest ." COORDINATION(" In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such passionate commitment to moral principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art seem modest ." , " In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such passionate commitment to ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art seem modest ." ))
Input: The Ochoa trial in July , with its revelations of deeply rooted and widespread corruption , and the summary trial and execution , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the summary trial , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba ." , " the summary execution , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba ." COORDINATION(" The Ochoa trial in July , with its revelations of deeply rooted , , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba ." , " The Ochoa trial in July , with its revelations of widespread corruption , , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba ." ))
Input: Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel , the army and the Cuban people .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people -LRB- as we well know -RRB- , and it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel and the military and the state bureaucracy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people -LRB- as we well know -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel ." , " it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of the military ." , " it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of the state bureaucracy ." ))
Input: A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue ." COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the city did say that a general obligation offering is in the works ." , " A spokesman for the city did say that a general obligation offering should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election ." ))
Input: And the controversy has led to uncertainty about the outcome of the election .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" uncertainty drives people wild , said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market ." COORDINATION(" The market can adjust to good news , said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market ." , " The market can adjust to bad news , said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market ." ))
Input: Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president and chief executive , and Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Qintex Entertainment also said Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned ." COORDINATION(" Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president , both resigned ." , " Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its chief executive , both resigned ." ))
Input: Mr. Lloyd said both Qintex Entertainment and Qintex Australia had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment but the request was turned down by an unidentified lender on Oct. 14 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Lloyd said the request was turned down by an unidentified lender on Oct. 14 ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Lloyd said both Qintex Entertainment had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment ." , " Mr. Lloyd said both Qintex Australia had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment ." ))
Input: In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment and had resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it had resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made ." COORDINATION(" In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder of Qintex Entertainment ." , " In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it had been re-evaluating its position as a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment ." ))
Input: The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM\/UA might be revived .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging or discouraging participation , and he added that none of the Japanese banks changed their posture on the deal as a result of the inquiry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he added that none of the Japanese banks changed their posture on the deal as a result of the inquiry ." COORDINATION(" He said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging participation ." , " He said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either discouraging participation ." ))
Input: Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car-parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Seita is considering further diversification .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the 5-4 ruling may have had as much immediate impact on those activities -- especially trespassing -- as on abortion rights .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Supreme Court concluded that it was premature to rule on the constitutionality of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Beheading small children , stabbing elderly people to death , raping and shooting women , and burying people alive are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Beheading small children are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years ." , " stabbing elderly people to death are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years ." , " burying people alive are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years ." COORDINATION(" raping women are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years ." , " shooting women are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years ." ))
Input: Recently , in Wollo province in the center of Ethiopia , Tigrean forces have killed , wounded and captured an additional 20,000 government troops .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But this is not enough .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But as one expert tells me : Whoever it is will have to work pretty damn hard to be worse than Barre .
Prediction: NONE
Input: While the State Department positions itself for the post-Barre period in Somalia , it should continue to back former President Carter 's well-intentioned role as a mediator between Mr. Mengistu and the Eritrean guerrillas in Ethiopia , while concomitantly opening up channels of communications with the Tigrean rebels through neighboring Sudan .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But that could change if demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year as some think may happen .
Prediction: NONE
Input: OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to OPEC and industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily and the International Herald Tribune .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to OPEC ." COORDINATION(" OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily ." , " OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the International Herald Tribune ." ))
Input: But it is estimated that at least three million barrels a day -- and possibly as much as seven million barrels a day -- of spare capacity still exists within OPEC .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity , advanced there in an Iranian proposal , was generally endorsed by the ministers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the United Arab Emirates , a chronic quota cheater , refused to give any guarantee it would change its ways .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" tourism in Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing ." , " tourism through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing ." COORDINATION(" Fuel costs are rising ." , " personnel costs are rising ." ))
Input: And tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Mr. Eddington emphatically rules out a move to London : Our lifeblood is Hong Kong traffic rights .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But critics fret that post-1997 officials ultimately will be responsible to Beijing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve ." , " Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to adapt to local changes ." ))
Input: We 're confident that it protects our route structure , he says , and our ability to grow and prosper .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're confident that it protects our route structure ." COORDINATION(" We 're confident that it protects our ability to grow ." , " We 're confident that it protects our ability to prosper ." ))
Input: Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase in order to continue its $ 2.15-per-unit annual payment , and for expansion and acquisitions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase in order to continue its $ 2.15-per-unit annual payment ." COORDINATION(" Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase for expansion ." , " Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase for acquisitions ." ))
Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast , and for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The cafeteria for dinner , pasta salad along with the salmon ." , " The cafeteria for dinner , chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon ." COORDINATION(" The cafeteria offered donated croissants for breakfast ." , " The cafeteria offered donated brie for breakfast ." ))
Input: The neighborhood around Alexander Haagen Co. 's Vermont-Slauson Shopping Center in the Watts section of Los Angeles resembles the crime-ridden , deteriorating sections of many inner cities and certainly is n't the sort of area one would choose to visit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Over the past year there have been only one burglary , three thefts of or from autos , no purse-snatchings , and one attempted robbery in the mall , which opened in late 1981 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Over the past year there have been only one burglary in the mall , which opened in late 1981 ." , " Over the past year there have been no purse-snatchings in the mall , which opened in late 1981 ." , " Over the past year there have been one attempted robbery in the mall , which opened in late 1981 ." COORDINATION(" Over the past year there have been three thefts of autos in the mall , which opened in late 1981 ." , " Over the past year there have been three thefts from autos in the mall , which opened in late 1981 ." ))
Input: Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the Vermont-Slauson Center and uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the Vermont-Slauson Center ." , " Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. uses the money to provide low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as industrial development projects ." COORDINATION(" Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. uses the money to provide moderate housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial development projects ." , " Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. uses the money to provide moderate housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as industrial development projects ." COORDINATION(" Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. uses the money to provide low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial development projects ." )))
Input: One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , local political leaders , and citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with prospective tenants ." , " One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with sources of financing ." COORDINATION(" One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies ." , " One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with local political leaders ." , " One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with citizen groups ." ))
Input: Security at a typical Haagen inner-city center is impressive , but unobtrusive .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many states already have Enterprise Zones ." , " Many states already have legislation that combines loans to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of minorities ." COORDINATION(" Many states already have legislation that combines tax incentives to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed ." , " Many states already have legislation that combines tax incentives to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of minorities ." COORDINATION(" Many states already have legislation that combines loans to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed ." , " Many states already have legislation that combines grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed ." )))
Input: These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , identifying sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning ." , " These programs could be expanded to focus on identifying sources of funds ." COORDINATION(" These programs could be expanded to focus on for acquiring a site ." , " These programs could be expanded to focus on for preparing it ." ))
Input: Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Vermont-Slauson and Grand Boulevard Plaza and decide for themselves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should decide for themselves ." COORDINATION(" Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Vermont-Slauson ." , " Government officials who wonder how important it is for them to encourage development in high-risk areas should visit Grand Boulevard Plaza ." ))
Input: Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dow said it already has agreements with certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding ." COORDINATION(" Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman of PSE , under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding ." , " Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chief executive officer of PSE , under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding ." ))
Input: PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities and had 1988 sales of $ 234 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PSE had 1988 sales of $ 234 million ." COORDINATION(" PSE is a designer of energy-cogeneration facilities ." , " PSE is a operator of energy-cogeneration facilities ." ))
Input: The company is owner and operator , or an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas and four in California .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company is an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas ." , " The company is an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- four in California ." COORDINATION(" The company is owner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas ." , " The company is operator , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas ." ))
Input: Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among her OTC picks are Oshkosh B'Gosh and A&W Brands .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Smaller-stock earnings , by comparison , rose between 15 % and 20 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded ." COORDINATION(" Also , the smaller growth stocks so are harder to buy quickly than blue chips ." , " Also , the smaller growth stocks so are harder to sell quickly than blue chips ." ))
Input: Among his favorites in his firm 's index are Legent , Silicon Graphics and Novell .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , Hal Roach Studios and Qintex Productions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for itself ." COORDINATION(" Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for its two operating subsidiaries , Hal Roach Studios ." , " Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for its two operating subsidiaries , Qintex Productions ." ))
Input: Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to cut costs and boost performance , but many industry officials believe it may be ripe for a takeover bid , especially with interstate banking set to begin in California in 1991 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , many industry officials believe it may be ripe for a takeover bid , especially with interstate banking set to begin in California in 1991 ." COORDINATION(" Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to cut costs ." , " Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to boost performance ." ))
Input: But Compaq had achieved that level of sales faster than any previous manufacturing start-up .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company supplies drives to Compaq and Zenith Data Systems , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops , and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company supplies drives to Toshiba Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers ." , " The company supplies drives to NEC Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers ." , " The company supplies drives to Sharp Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers ." COORDINATION(" The company supplies drives to Compaq , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops ." , " The company supplies drives to Zenith Data Systems , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops ." ))
Input: And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner 's heels .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Both Toshiba and NEC already produce hard-disk drives , and Sony also is studying the field , Mr. Claridge said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sony also is studying the field , Mr. Claridge said ." COORDINATION(" Both Toshiba already produce hard-disk drives , Mr. Claridge said ." , " Both NEC already produce hard-disk drives , Mr. Claridge said ." ))
Input: But Conner is n't standing still .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he says Cane & Associates does n't receive referral fees .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the professional-design community .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hutton Ingram will have a substantial practice serving the professional-design community ." COORDINATION(" Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate practice ." , " Hutton Ingram will have a general securities practice ." , " Hutton Ingram will have a general real-estate practice ." , " Hutton Ingram will have a general litigation practice ." ))
Input: While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry and Sunkist accounts , the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account and the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account ." , " While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business ." COORDINATION(" While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry accounts ." , " While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Sunkist accounts ." ))
Input: For the first time in 32 years , ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Red and White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County , and tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Red Fleet , which operates tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip ." , " The White Fleet , which operates tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip ." , " The White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to Marin County , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip ." COORDINATION(" The Red Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to Marin County , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip ." , " The Red Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service from Marin County , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip ." ))
Input: Other cities are calling -LCB- groups booked here for tours and conferences -RCB- and -- not to be crass -- stealing our booking list , said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other cities are stealing our booking list , said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos ." COORDINATION(" Other cities are calling -LCB- groups booked here for tours -RCB- , said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos ." , " Other cities are calling -LCB- groups booked here for conferences -RCB- , said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos ." ))
Input: Some of that money will be available for highway repair and special emergency aid , but members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief ." COORDINATION(" Some of that money will be available for highway repair ." , " Some of that money will be available for special emergency aid ." ))
Input: But the net interest bill jumped 85 % to A$ 686.7 million from A$ 371.1 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Bond Corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bond Corp. has interests in brewing ." , " Bond Corp. has interests in natural resources ." , " Bond Corp. has interests in property ." COORDINATION(" Bond Corp. has interests in media ." , " Bond Corp. has interests in communications ." ))
Input: Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets and those of its units .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But in a TV interview Sunday Mr. Bond said , We 've taken a big loss .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Some analysts contend the total writeoffs should have been much greater , and Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets and deals about which there is uncertainty regarding the current value and potential impact on the firm .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some analysts contend the total writeoffs should have been much greater ." , " Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several deals about which there is uncertainty regarding potential impact on the firm ." COORDINATION(" Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets about which there is uncertainty regarding the current value ." , " Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets about which there is uncertainty regarding potential impact on the firm ." COORDINATION(" Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several deals about which there is uncertainty regarding the current value ." )))
Input: Nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential Inwood section of northern Manhattan .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average ." COORDINATION(" The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , about four times the rate for teachers ." , " The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , about four times the rate for truck drivers ." , " The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , about four times the rate for medical workers ." , " The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , about four times the rate for door-to-door salespeople ." ))
Input: The survey found that over a three-year period 22 % of the firms said employees or owners had been robbed on their way to or from work or while on the job .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The survey found that over a three-year period 22 % of the firms said employees had been robbed while on the job ." , " The survey found that over a three-year period 22 % of the firms said owners had been robbed while on the job ." , " The survey found that over a three-year period 22 % of the firms said owners had been robbed on their way to work ." COORDINATION(" The survey found that over a three-year period 22 % of the firms said employees had been robbed on their way to work ." , " The survey found that over a three-year period 22 % of the firms said employees had been robbed on their way from work ." ))
Input: One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths and 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths ." COORDINATION(" One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included 16 robberies on the premises ." , " One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included 16 burglaries on the premises ." ))
Input: But this raises added cost barriers to urban entrepreneurship .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That 's a fundamental lesson for investors , but its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds during and after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's a fundamental lesson for investors ." COORDINATION(" its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds during the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge ." , " its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge ." ))
Input: That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday , last Monday 's rebound and the dips and blips that followed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday ." , " That reflects last Monday 's rebound ." COORDINATION(" That reflects the dips that followed ." , " That reflects the blips that followed ." ))
Input: But several other types of funds shielded investors from the worst of the market 's slide .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the latest mutual fund performance figures do show what can happen when the going gets rough .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Lipper Analytical 's figures show that there were a number of ways investors could have cushioned themselves from the stock market 's gyrations .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while the merits of diversification shine through when times are tough , there 's also a price to pay : A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Friday the 13th notwithstanding , stocks have been this year 's hot investment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among Mr. Bacarella 's picks : Oracle Systems , Reebok International Ltd. and Digital Microwave Corp .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among the big stock funds , Dreyfus Fund , with more than $ 2 billion in assets , had a decline of just 1.49 % for the week and a return of 21.42 % for the year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies , as it did for much of this year , the dollar value of these funds declines .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But investors do n't seem to think so .
Prediction: NONE
Input: If Mr. McDonough 's plans get executed , as much of the Polish center as possible will be made from aluminum , steel and glass recycled from Warsaw 's abundant rubble .
Prediction: NONE
Input: All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets , and the desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets ." COORDINATION(" the desks are of wood instead of plastic ." , " the desks are of granite instead of plastic ." ))
Input: But , she says , I guess I did n't really notice the trees .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough 's environmental concern .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the Eiffel Tower of Warsaw and a symbol of the resurgence of Poland .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" discussions are still going on over where to place it ." , " discussions are still going on over how to ensure that it will be maintained ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant it ." , " Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to maintain it ." ))
Input: But Mr. Giuliani , a celebrated prosecutor , has had difficulty switching from his crime-busting , finger-pointing mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big , troubled city .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And now , at the crucial moment , he 's running out of money .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it has n't worked out that way .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the steam may never reach the engine room .
Prediction: NONE
Input: To help out this week , the White House is dispatching chief of staff John Sununu and three Cabinet members -- HUD 's Jack Kemp , Transportation 's Samuel Skinner and Treasury 's Nicholas Brady , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To help out this week , the White House is dispatching chief of staff John Sununu , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager ." COORDINATION(" To help out this week , the White House is dispatching three Cabinet members -- HUD 's Jack Kemp , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager ." , " To help out this week , the White House is dispatching three Cabinet members -- Transportation 's Samuel Skinner , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager ." , " To help out this week , the White House is dispatching three Cabinet members -- Treasury 's Nicholas Brady , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager ." ))
Input: And hardly surprising , many residents trying to cope with the city 's other problems are constantly on edge , one ethnic group scrapping with another .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The 62-year-old Mr. Dinkins , an ex-Marine , has served as the city clerk and as Manhattan borough president , a job with limited executive responsibilities
Prediction: NONE
Input: But our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion and gay rights , sought the support of both the Liberal and Conservative parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- and that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It has n't helped that he 's waffled on gay rights , sought the support of both the Conservative parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- ." , " It has n't helped that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters ." COORDINATION(" It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion , sought the support of both the Liberal parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- ." , " It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion , sought the support of both the Conservative parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" It has n't helped that he 's waffled on gay rights , sought the support of both the Liberal parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- ." )))
Input: It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the'breakup value of the shares and their market value .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Neither Mr. Hnilica , Mr. Carboni nor Vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the deal fell apart last week for lack of financing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the rate of the decline snowballed in August , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier , according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And he said the weakness could continue in the first half of next year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he said the industry has a good decade ahead , particularly if aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams by buying RVs .
Prediction: NONE
Input: As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And that , they say , will be good for bonds .
Prediction: NONE
Input: For example , a group of long-term Treasury bonds tracked by Merrill Lynch & Co. produced a total return of 1 % in the first quarter , 12.45 % in the second quarter and -0.06 % in the third quarter .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned cold and gloomy , and they are urging clients to buy bonds before the rally begins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now they are urging clients to buy bonds before the rally begins ." COORDINATION(" Now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned cold ." , " Now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned gloomy ." ))
Input: He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But once the new securities are digested , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures ." COORDINATION(" Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of options on indexes ." , " Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of options on individual stocks ." ))
Input: And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western 's $ 475 million junk bond offering .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In the secondary , or resale , market , junk bonds closed 1\/2 point higher , while investment-grade corporate bonds fell 1\/8 to 1\/4 point .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That total was below the $ 140 million the auction house estimated the collection might sell for , but was enough to ensure that an unprecedented financial arrangement Sotheby 's had made with the Dorrance family proved profitable to the auction house .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Beijing lawmakers have called for jails to be built to house prostitutes and for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces or coerces women into prostitution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Beijing lawmakers have called for jails to be built to house prostitutes ." COORDINATION(" Beijing lawmakers have called for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces women into prostitution ." , " Beijing lawmakers have called for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who coerces women into prostitution ." ))
Input: Trade and Supply Minister Gerhard Briksa said in a letter published in the youth daily Junge Welt that the rise in alcohol consumption in East Germany had been halted ; but to reduce it further , he said , production and supply of other beverages , including fruit juices , should be stepped up .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" to reduce it further , he said , production of other beverages , including fruit juices , should be stepped up ." , " to reduce it further , he said , supply of other beverages , including fruit juices , should be stepped up ." COORDINATION(" Trade Minister Gerhard Briksa said in a letter published in the youth daily Junge Welt that the rise in alcohol consumption in East Germany had been halted ." , " Supply Minister Gerhard Briksa said in a letter published in the youth daily Junge Welt that the rise in alcohol consumption in East Germany had been halted ." ))
Input: The center , close to Hong Kong 's border with China , will be ready today and will be able to house 1,000 inmates , Police Deputy Director Peter Wong said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Instead , many small and medium-sized banks , and some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead , some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said ." COORDINATION(" Instead , many small banks , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said ." , " Instead , many medium-sized banks , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said ." ))
Input: But an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations , further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are doing very well , and its plastic storage-case products are poised for growth , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" its plastic storage-case products are poised for growth , he said ." COORDINATION(" Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps are doing very well , he said ." , " Woodstream 's other pest-control products are doing very well , he said ." ))
Input: -LRB- Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Centronics had been a maker of computer printers , but Mr. Stein and other officers decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Centronics had been a maker of computer printers . -RRB-" COORDINATION(" -LRB- Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Mr. Stein decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . -RRB-" , " -LRB- Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; other officers decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . -RRB-" ))
Input: At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions ." COORDINATION(" when no orders were logged in August , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months ." , " when no orders were logged in September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months ." ))
Input: He predicts that sales will drop between 30 % and 40 % from last year 's $ 3 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures , and foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest ." COORDINATION(" The consumer-products sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures ." , " The light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures ." ))
Input: But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool ." COORDINATION(" In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in scores of chemical products ." , " In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in scores of chemical commodities ." ))
Input: But the strategy is n't helping much this time .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Even when new lending resumes , foreign exchange would still be tight because Beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing , which has grown between 30 % and 40 % in the past few years .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years .
Prediction: NONE
Input: These have been among the country 's leading imports , particularly last year when there were shortages that led many traders to buy heavily and pay dearly .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Beijing ca n't cut back on such essential imports as raw materials for too long without hampering the country 's export business .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Glacier Bay case , the fund 's first test , shows how easily the fund can be undermined .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- , a sponsor of the bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- , a sponsor of the bill ." COORDINATION(" The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would seek reimbursement from the owner of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- , a sponsor of the bill ." , " The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would seek reimbursement from the operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- , a sponsor of the bill ." ))
Input: Law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering , says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Law school teaches wonderful theory , says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course ." COORDINATION(" it does n't teach the nuts of practical lawyering , says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course ." , " it does n't teach the bolts of practical lawyering , says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course ." ))
Input: The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating , and walls will be painted in bright colors and covered with murals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating ." COORDINATION(" walls will be painted in bright colors ." , " walls will be covered with murals ." ))
Input: Its survey of 96 firms , each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds and $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans ." , " The sweeping measure incorporates $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds ." COORDINATION(" The sweeping measure incorporates $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance ." , " The sweeping measure incorporates $ 1.25 billion divided between a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters ." ))
Input: Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , the legislation reads , and the new obligations shall not be a charge against the Budget Act , Gramm-Rudman-Hollings , or other ceilings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required ." COORDINATION(" the new obligations shall not be a charge against the Budget Act ." , " the new obligations shall not be a charge against Gramm-Rudman-Hollings ." , " the new obligations shall not be a charge against other ceilings ." ))
Input: It 's a downbeat , thirtysomething world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's a downbeat , thirtysomething world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that they know they should be grateful to do ." COORDINATION(" It 's a downbeat , thirtysomething world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction ." , " It 's a downbeat , thirtysomething world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little security ." ))
Input: Malcolm faces bankruptcy and an IRS audit , but Nora finds an extra $ 30,000 in her bank account , suddenly increasing her available funds some fifteenfold .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nora finds an extra $ 30,000 in her bank account , suddenly increasing her available funds some fifteenfold ." COORDINATION(" Malcolm faces bankruptcy ." , " Malcolm faces an IRS audit ." ))
Input: The irony in this novel is that neither man represents a safe middle-class haven : Nora 's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security , with no firm economic base anywhere .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But readers may well feel the pangs of recognition .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In any case , the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan , not everyone here is ready to give up .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas .
Prediction: NONE
Input: SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SHV , of the Netherlands , which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah ." COORDINATION(" SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil operations with those of Calor Group PLC , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah ." , " SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah ." ))
Input: Vision Banc was placed in government conservatorship in March , and it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell or liquidate insolvent thrifts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vision Banc was placed in government conservatorship in March ." COORDINATION(" it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell insolvent thrifts ." , " it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to liquidate insolvent thrifts ." ))
Input: At least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris or medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores , but their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year , money managers say .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year , money managers say ." COORDINATION(" Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris , money managers say ." , " Growth stocks may be medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores , money managers say ." ))
Input: And they will again , say money-manager proponents of the growth-stock theme .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of options on individual stocks ." COORDINATION(" Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index futures ." , " Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index options ." ))
Input: But there were fewer price swings than expected .
Prediction: NONE
Input: As a result , the Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on Monday , when the average rose 88.12 points as market players snapped up blue-chip issues and shunned the broad market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds
Prediction: NONE
Input: The complaint alleges that the price is unfair and grossly inadequate and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a lockup of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The complaint alleges that the defendants are seeking to ensure a lockup of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids ." COORDINATION(" The complaint alleges that the price is unfair ." , " The complaint alleges that the price is grossly inadequate ." ))
Input: The short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share .
Prediction: NONE
Input: So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So anyone buying the stock now must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event ." COORDINATION(" So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization ." , " So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a takeover ." ))
Input: One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid in the $ 225 area , but that it could take three to four months to close .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that it could take three to four months to close ." COORDINATION(" One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL pilots can put together a bid in the $ 225 area , ." , " One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL management can put together a bid in the $ 225 area , ." ))
Input: The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it is n't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of scenarios , First Boston estimated UAL 's value at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition to the need for another cash equity investor , the other moving parts include : the pilots themselves , who can scuttle rival deals by threatening to strike ; the machinists union , the pilots ' longtime rivals who helped scuttle the pilots ' deal ; and regulators in Washington , whose opposition to foreign airline investment helped throw the deal into doubt .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share
Prediction: NONE
Input: Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $ 2 million and has an installed base of more than 550 systems and 340 customers world-wide .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $ 2 million ." COORDINATION(" Convex has an installed base of more than 550 systems world-wide ." , " Convex has an installed base of more than 340 customers world-wide ." ))
Input: Posix is one of three or four versions of UNIX , but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems ." COORDINATION(" Posix is one of three versions of UNIX ." , " Posix is one of four versions of UNIX ." ))
Input: But the customer does n't want that .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , has had big problems at its New York office , but offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Minneapolis and Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , has had big problems at its New York office ." COORDINATION(" Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Minneapolis ." , " Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Chicago ." ))
Input: Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has the Mercedes account and which has been attempting to buy itself back ; and Howard Marlboro , a sports and event marketing firm .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other Saatchi units include Howard Marlboro , a sports marketing firm ." , " Other Saatchi units include Howard Marlboro , a event marketing firm ." COORDINATION(" Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has the Mercedes account ." , " Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has been attempting to buy itself back ." ))
Input: In addition to Backer Spielvogel Bates , a Saatchi unit that has handled the account since 1970 , the other agencies include Lowe Marschalk , a unit of the Lowe Group ; Grey Advertising ; and WPP Group 's Scali , McCabe , Sloves agency .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among other things , the memo contends that Young & Rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation would n't uncover any information that would embarrass the government of Jamaica or the Jamaica Tourist Board .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In a media-linked world , scientists may earn wide praise and even Nobels for their work , but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content , funding and goals of that work .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a media-linked world , they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content of that work ." , " In a media-linked world , they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the funding of that work ." , " In a media-linked world , they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the goals of that work ." COORDINATION(" In a media-linked world , scientists may earn wide praise for their work ." , " In a media-linked world , scientists may earn even Nobels for their work ." ))
Input: Whether Mr. McInnes 's oversight is merely a sign of a mainlander 's benign neglect is a question my fellow Channel Islanders -LRB- and friends on the Isle of Man -RRB- will continue to ponder .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But what about all those non-duck ducks flapping over Washington ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: The administration claims that its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 14 billion and $ 19 billion annually , but economist Michael Evans estimates that the costs for firms will actually be in the $ 60 billion a year range .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" economist Michael Evans estimates that the costs for firms will actually be in the $ 60 billion a year range ." COORDINATION(" The administration claims that its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 14 billion annually ." , " The administration claims that its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 19 billion annually ." ))
Input: But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while they are unloading these burdens , the United States is close to creating three more big ones .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But analysts reckon underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his Mansion House speech last Thursday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , they warn , any further drop in the government 's popularity could swiftly make this promise sound hollow .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up at a rate close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co ." COORDINATION(" rates are starting to move up at a rate close to the inflation rate , said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co ." , " rates are starting to move up at a rate slightly more than the inflation rate , said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co ." ))
Input: But with much of the inefficiency squeezed out of the freight-transport system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" at least two competitors have announced similar increases ." COORDINATION(" Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year ." , " Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % early next year ." ))
Input: And shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can , he said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Japan Air Lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 25 % over the next two years .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just MAC , and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year ." COORDINATION(" The court is called the Management Appeals Committee ." , " The court is called just MAC ." ))
Input: Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Alter some details of this example ." COORDINATION(" it could be taking place today at the Defense divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis ." , " it could be taking place today at the Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis ." COORDINATION(" it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis ." , " it could be taking place today at a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. ." , " it could be taking place today at a number of other companies ." )))
Input: At Citicorp , the Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In case subordinates take their complaints to a company court , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen ." , " In case subordinates take their complaints to a company adjudicator , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen ." COORDINATION(" In case managers are unsuccessful , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen ." , " In case personnel specialists are unsuccessful , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen ." ))
Input: An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder and then switches hats and arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed , flexibility and maximum privacy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder -- has such advantages as speed ." , " An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder -- has such advantages as flexibility ." , " An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder -- has such advantages as maximum privacy ." COORDINATION(" An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who switches hats -- has such advantages as speed ." , " An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed ." ))
Input: But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % in value that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge ." COORDINATION(" The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they realized these problems were unique to New York stocks ." , " The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they realized these problems were directly related to Tokyo ." ))
Input: But further major advances on the Nikkei are n't foreseen this week by market observers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Share prices closed higher in Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Manila , Hong Kong and Singapore and were lower in Seoul .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Share prices were lower in Seoul ." COORDINATION(" Share prices closed higher in Sydney ." , " Share prices closed higher in Taipei ." , " Share prices closed higher in Wellington ." , " Share prices closed higher in Manila ." , " Share prices closed higher in Hong Kong ." , " Share prices closed higher in Singapore ." ))
Input: The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Sen. Boren said , It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sen. Boren said , It 's time to stop bickering ." COORDINATION(" Sen. Boren said , It 's time to work together to develop a clear policy to help the country in the future ." , " Sen. Boren said , It 's time to work together to develop a appropriate policy to help the country in the future ." ))
Input: But a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. .
Prediction: NONE
Input: When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share -LRB- and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE
Input: The two states and the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB , but their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern ." COORDINATION(" The two states still hold a majority in MBB ." , " the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB ." ))
Input: The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain , down from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , according to MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % , down from 4.6 % in the second quarter .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit ." , " He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting the lower inventory figures ." COORDINATION(" He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting slower capital spending ." , " He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting slower government spending ." ))
Input: Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility increases the possibility of economic recession and reinforces the bad news from recent trade deficit , employment and housing reports .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility increases the possibility of economic recession ." COORDINATION(" Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility reinforces the bad news from recent trade deficit reports ." , " Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility reinforces the bad news from recent employment reports ." , " Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility reinforces the bad news from recent housing reports ." ))
Input: In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army , Rolls Royce cars , and has marine and medical businesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army , Rolls Royce cars , ." COORDINATION(" Vickers has marine businesses ." , " Vickers has medical businesses ." ))
Input: All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , Mr. Andersson recalls .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should get out of mature basic industries , Mr. Andersson recalls ." COORDINATION(" All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , Mr. Andersson recalls ." , " All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on electronics , Mr. Andersson recalls ." , " All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on biotechnology , Mr. Andersson recalls ." ))
Input: But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson .
Prediction: NONE
Input: On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange ." COORDINATION(" On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- building -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange ." , " On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange ." ))
Input: But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But we certainly like what we 've seen so far .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for privatizing Philippine Airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist Rodolfo Romero calls the bellwether of privatization .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But instead of a minimum price , only a target price will be established .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In 1983 , the loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Garcia says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed ." , " Mr. Garcia says the Asset Trust will study what changes the agency may be able to offer ." ))
Input: The carrier has valuable trans-Pacific and Asian routes but it remains debt-laden and poorly managed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it remains debt-laden ." , " it remains poorly managed ." COORDINATION(" The carrier has valuable trans-Pacific routes ." , " The carrier has valuable Asian routes ." ))
Input: The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The new directors are Peter S. Willmott , chairman of Willmott Services Inc ." , " The new directors are Peter S. Willmott , chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc ." COORDINATION(" The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president of LifeSpan Inc. ." , " The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. ." ))
Input: He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who is retiring from active duty but remains a director and consultant .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who is retiring from active duty ." COORDINATION(" He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who remains a director ." , " He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who remains a consultant ." ))
Input: Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm ." COORDINATION(" James C. Smith , president of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle ." , " James C. Smith , chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle ." ))
Input: In an interview , James Smith said the banks ' markets are contiguous and their business philosophies are similar and conservative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an interview , James Smith said the banks ' markets are contiguous ." COORDINATION(" In an interview , James Smith said their business philosophies are similar ." , " In an interview , James Smith said their business philosophies are conservative ." ))
Input: But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor .
Prediction: NONE
Input: La Familia de Hoy , or Today 's Family , will debut this spring and will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" La Familia de Hoy , will debut this spring ." , " Today 's Family , will debut this spring ." , " Today 's Family , will combine TV programming ." COORDINATION(" La Familia de Hoy , will combine a national bimonthly magazine ." , " La Familia de Hoy , will combine TV programming ." ))
Input: The features will focus on parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , and will carry 30 seconds of advertising .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The features will carry 30 seconds of advertising ." COORDINATION(" The features will focus on family nutrition ." , " The features will focus on family health ." COORDINATION(" The features will focus on parenting ." , " The features will focus on financial management ." )))
Input: Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes aluminum sheet and foil products at its Hannibal , Ohio , and Jackson , Tenn. , rolling mills and recycles aluminum at a plant in Bens Run , W.Va .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes foil products at its Jackson , Tenn. , rolling mills ." , " Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , recycles aluminum at a plant in Bens Run , W.Va ." COORDINATION(" Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes aluminum sheet at its Hannibal , Ohio rolling mills ." , " Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes aluminum sheet at its Jackson , Tenn. , rolling mills ." COORDINATION(" Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes foil products at its Hannibal , Ohio rolling mills ." )))
Input: Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. and president and chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected president of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co ." , " Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chairman of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. ." , " Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected president of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. ." , " Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. ." ))
Input: He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He would n't rule out changing his intentions , the filing said ." , " He would n't rule out buying shares , the filing said ." COORDINATION(" He may sell more shares in the open market , the filing said ." , " He may sell more shares in private transactions , the filing said ." ))
Input: SciMed said it remains committed both to the vigorous defense of its position that the catheter does n't infringe the Lilly unit 's patent , and to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in antitrust violations and other wrongful acts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SciMed said it remains committed both to the vigorous defense of its position that the catheter does n't infringe the Lilly unit 's patent ." COORDINATION(" SciMed said it remains committed both to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in antitrust violations ." , " SciMed said it remains committed both to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in other wrongful acts ." ))
Input: But UAL 's board is n't expected to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share bid that collapsed recently .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most bond prices fell ." COORDINATION(" junk bonds rose ." , " the dollar rose ." ))
Input: The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time and the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an olefins plant .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time ." COORDINATION(" The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing ." , " The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was the increased costs associated with expansion of an olefins plant ." ))
Input: Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Harold Hershhenson , a former executive vice president ; John Pagones , a former vice president ; and Stephen Vadas and Dean Ciporkin , who had been engineers with Cordis .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Harold Hershhenson , a former executive vice president ." , " Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared John Pagones , a former vice president ." COORDINATION(" Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Stephen Vadas , who had been engineers with Cordis ." , " Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Dean Ciporkin , who had been engineers with Cordis ." ))
Input: Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines ." , " Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in other costs ." COORDINATION(" Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony charges related to the pacemakers ." , " Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers ." ))
Input: The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon ." COORDINATION(" The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems in the Parliament ." , " The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , guarantees an equal number of seats for Christians in the Parliament ." ))
Input: The baseball commissioner announced that the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would n't resume until Friday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Sandinista government and the U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" there has been sporadic fighting ." COORDINATION(" The Sandinista government agreed in March to suspend offensive operations ." , " the U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March to suspend offensive operations ." ))
Input: But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And that 's a problem .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there 's another side to Mr. Krenz .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image , contrasting with the perception of Mr. Honecker as an out-of-touch old man .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the experiments continue to be plagued by lack of firm evidence that the extra heat is coming from the fusing of hydrogen atoms .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the Department of Energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water ." COORDINATION(" at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 hours before quieting down ." , " at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 11 hours before quieting down ." ))
Input: The bursts often occur , they said , after they perturbed the experiments by raising or lowering the amount of electric current being applied , or switching the current off and on .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bursts often occur , they said , after they perturbed the experiments by switching the current off and on ." COORDINATION(" The bursts often occur , they said , after they perturbed the experiments by raising the amount of electric current being applied ." , " The bursts often occur , they said , after they perturbed the experiments by lowering the amount of electric current being applied ." ))
Input: He said that within the past few days , he 's gotten evidence that there is a weak correlation between the time the heat bursts occur and the production of tritium .
Prediction: NONE
Input: There is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Advertising rates for the Eastern , Midwest , Western and Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % , and rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5 % ." COORDINATION(" Advertising rates for the Eastern editions will increase an average 5.5 % ." , " Advertising rates for the Midwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % ." , " Advertising rates for the Western editions will increase an average 5.5 % ." , " Advertising rates for the Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % ." ))
Input: Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , published in Brussels and printed in the Netherlands and Switzerland , will increase 9 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , published in Brussels , will increase 9 % ." COORDINATION(" Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , printed in the Netherlands , will increase 9 % ." , " Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , printed in Switzerland , will increase 9 % ." ))
Input: Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , printed in Singapore , will rise 8 % ." , " Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , printed in Tokyo , will rise 8 % ." COORDINATION(" Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published in Hong Kong , will rise 8 % ." , " Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , printed in Hong Kong , will rise 8 % ." ))
Input: Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dow Jones also operates electronic business information services ." COORDINATION(" Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine ." , " Dow Jones also publishes other periodicals ." , " Dow Jones also publishes community newspapers ." ))
Input: In addition , cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company , which has interests in television , trucking services , and glass-making and food-processing equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company , which has interests in television , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry ." , " The company , which has interests in trucking services , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry ." COORDINATION(" The company , which has interests in glass-making equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry ." , " The company , which has interests in food-processing equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry ." ))
Input: While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Mr. Hunt and Middle Eastern associates are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 precipitated an expansion of mine production and scrap recovery and encouraged silver consumers to economize on silver use , Mr. Edgar says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Mr. Hunt are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 encouraged silver consumers to economize on silver use , Mr. Edgar says ." , " While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Middle Eastern associates are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 encouraged silver consumers to economize on silver use , Mr. Edgar says ." , " While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Middle Eastern associates are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 precipitated an expansion of scrap recovery , Mr. Edgar says ." COORDINATION(" While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Mr. Hunt are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 precipitated an expansion of mine production , Mr. Edgar says ." , " While some 100 million ounces of silver once held by Mr. Hunt are n't hanging over the market anymore , the price surge of 1979-80 precipitated an expansion of scrap recovery , Mr. Edgar says ." ))
Input: Livestock and Meats
Prediction: NONE
Input: But whether this price break has implications for this week , he said , we will know more when the London Metal Exchange copper stock levels are released Monday morning .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The program now works on all Hewlett-Packard and Apollo workstations and on computers made by Multiflow Computer Inc. of Branford , Conn .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The program now works on computers made by Multiflow Computer Inc. of Branford , Conn ." COORDINATION(" The program now works on all Hewlett-Packard workstations ." , " The program now works on all Apollo workstations ." ))
Input: But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business and straining relations between the national fast-food chains and their franchisees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business ." COORDINATION(" The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , straining relations between the national fast-food chains ." , " The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , straining relations between their franchisees ." ))
Input: And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast-food outlets could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers and their franchisees .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And you thought the only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an IRS audit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But these players were dead .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Mr. Smalling does n't believe they 're worth all that much now .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Or at least he should .
Prediction: NONE
Input: You just call your broker and say buy or sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You just call your broker ." COORDINATION(" You just say buy ." , " You just say sell ." ))
Input: There are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing ." COORDINATION(" There are all sorts of ways to give buy instructions to a broker ." , " There are all sorts of ways to give sell instructions to a broker ." ))
Input: And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Limit Order : Limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Suppose an investor wants to sell a stock , but not for less than $ 55 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to cancel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they had forgotten to cancel ." COORDINATION(" They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks earlier ." , " They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered months earlier ." ))
Input: But investors better not ignore its limitations , either .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That business risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That business risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks ." COORDINATION(" it virtually disappears in a large portfolio ." , " it virtually disappears in a well-diversified portfolio ." ))
Input: In particular , the prices of gold and other precious-metals stocks shoot up and down , but the stocks tend to have low betas because their moves are not market-inspired .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In particular , the prices of other precious-metals stocks shoot down ." , " In particular , the stocks tend to have low betas because their moves are not market-inspired ." COORDINATION(" In particular , the prices of gold shoot up ." , " In particular , the prices of gold shoot down ." COORDINATION(" In particular , the prices of other precious-metals stocks shoot up ." )))
Input: But their value as investments can be decimated by inflation , which erodes the purchasing power of bonds ' fixed-dollar interest payments .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And they eyeball types of risk that are not easily quantified .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But one price paid for the higher expected return is greater short-term volatility , as reflected in the higher standard deviation that Seidman estimates for the younger couple 's portfolio .
Prediction: NONE
Input: When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and downs that will occur along the way .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver ." , " When it comes to investing , trying to weigh reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver ." , " When it comes to investing , trying to weigh reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the ups that will occur along the way ." COORDINATION(" When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the ups that will occur along the way ." , " When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the downs that will occur along the way ." ))
Input: But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past .
Prediction: NONE
Input: So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So throughout the decade I have tinkered with stocks , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market ." , " So throughout the decade I have tinkered with bonds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market ." , " So throughout the decade I have tinkered with mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market ." COORDINATION(" So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market ." , " So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of CDs , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market ." ))
Input: Your priorities may be different , but here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive pursuits ; children 's toys ; gardening equipment , bulbs and shrubs ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Your priorities may be different ." COORDINATION(" here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : gardening equipment , shrubs ." , " here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : gardening equipment , bulbs ." COORDINATION(" here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ." , " here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : automotive pursuits ." , " here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : children 's toys ." , " here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all ." )))
Input: But with every step I take , I 'm building wealth .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But in this case the needle has a very sharp point .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But reform has n't taken hold yet .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Nobody can estimate the toll , but John Gargan , a Tampa , Fla. , planner and head of one trade group , the International Association of Registered Financial Planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is humongous , far greater than that from crookery .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nobody can estimate the toll ." COORDINATION(" John Gargan , a Tampa , Fla. , planner , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is humongous , far greater than that from crookery ." , " John Gargan , head of one trade group , the International Association of Registered Financial Planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is humongous , far greater than that from crookery ." ))
Input: She concedes that such a position is unfair to the thousands of conscientious and qualified people plying the trade , but as a consumer advocate she feels impelled to take it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" as a consumer advocate she feels impelled to take it ." COORDINATION(" She concedes that such a position is unfair to the thousands of conscientious people plying the trade ." , " She concedes that such a position is unfair to the thousands of qualified people plying the trade ." ))
Input: She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check educational and experience credentials , consult regulators and Better Business Bureaus -- but found that even some people who took these steps were still getting ripped off .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check experience credentials , consult Better Business Bureaus -- ." , " She says her group found that even some people who took these steps were still getting ripped off ." COORDINATION(" She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check educational credentials , consult regulators -- ." , " She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check educational credentials , consult Better Business Bureaus -- ." COORDINATION(" She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check experience credentials , consult regulators -- ." )))
Input: The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business ." COORDINATION(" The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners did cause a sharp slump in such demand ." , " the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand ." ))
Input: And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a financial expert when his qualifications largely consisted of a high-school diploma , work as a real-estate and insurance salesman , and a stint as supervisor at a highway toll booth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a financial expert when his qualifications largely consisted of a high-school diploma ." , " And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a financial expert when his qualifications largely consisted of a stint as supervisor at a highway toll booth ." COORDINATION(" And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a financial expert when his qualifications largely consisted of work as a real-estate salesman ." , " And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a financial expert when his qualifications largely consisted of work as a insurance salesman ." ))
Input: Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots , he opened up his briefcase and dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wearing a business suit , he opened up his briefcase , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president ." , " Wearing a western-style boots , he dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president ." , " Wearing a business suit , he dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president ." COORDINATION(" Wearing a western-style hat , he opened up his briefcase , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president ." , " Wearing a western-style boots , he opened up his briefcase , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president ." ))
Input: But he does say that all of his activities have been entirely proper .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the Colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients millionaires on investments of as litle as $ 100 ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But above all , this is the national headquarters for boiler-room operators , those slick-talking snake-oil salesmen who use the telephone to extract money from the gullible and the greedy and then vanish .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But above all , this is the national headquarters for boiler-room operators , those slick-talking snake-oil salesmen who vanish ." COORDINATION(" But above all , this is the national headquarters for boiler-room operators , those slick-talking snake-oil salesmen who use the telephone to extract money from the gullible ." , " But above all , this is the national headquarters for boiler-room operators , those slick-talking snake-oil salesmen who use the telephone to extract money from the greedy ." ))
Input: But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas , Mr. Katz says .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And then there 's always State U .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Most of the mailers are free , but Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the age of the child and the college of choice .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the mailers are free ." COORDINATION(" Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the age of the child ." , " Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the college of choice ." ))
Input: And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund that mixes both stocks and bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He favors either an all-stock fund ." COORDINATION(" He favors either a balanced fund that mixes both stocks ." , " He favors either a balanced fund that mixes both bonds ." ))
Input: But Richard Anderson , head of the Forum for College Financing Alternatives , at Columbia University , a research group partly financed by the federal government , says zeros are particularly ill-suited .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And they 're leaning more toward fixed income , whose returns after tax have trailed tuition increases .
Prediction: NONE
Input: If you start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Figures assume an 8 % annual investment return ." COORDINATION(" Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room ." , " Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , board ." ))
Input: AMONG THE CATFISH farmers in the watery delta land of Humphreys County , Miss. , Allen D. Tharp of Isola was one of the best known and most enterprising .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return ." COORDINATION(" Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp was fined $ 5,000 ." , " Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp was sentenced to 18 months in prison ." ))
Input: Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation , high income , type of income , or some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or exaggerate deductions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Federal tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation ." , " state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation ." , " Federal tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of high income ." , " Federal tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of type of income ." , " Federal tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of some other characteristic that may signal tendency to exaggerate deductions ." COORDINATION(" Federal tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity to hide income ." , " Federal tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity to exaggerate deductions ." COORDINATION(" Federal tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of some other characteristic that may signal tendency to hide income ." )))
Input: IRS statistics show that the more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include used-car dealers , entertainment producers , masons , roofers , and taxi owners .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In most cases , the IRS says , these projects arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses ." COORDINATION(" In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local , rather than national ." , " In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are regional , rather than national ." ))
Input: Auditors involved in noncriminal projects ca n't send anyone to jail , but they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for negligence , failure to file a return , and the like .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Auditors involved in noncriminal projects ca n't send anyone to jail ." COORDINATION(" they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for negligence ." , " they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for failure to file a return ." , " they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for the like ." ))
Input: The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics , housewares and other items door to door or at home parties -- and employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell housewares at home parties ." , " The targeted audit groups include employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes ." COORDINATION(" The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics door to door ." , " The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics at home parties ." COORDINATION(" The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell housewares door to door ." , " The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell other items door to door ." )))
Input: Other projects look for offenders among waiters who get cash tips , people who engage in large cash transactions , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without reinvesting the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year ; the gain must be rolled over within two years to defer tax .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It prompted an IRS study that found many sellers were concealing income and treating large amounts of nondeductible travel and other personal expenses as business costs , Mr. Washburn says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It prompted an IRS study that found many sellers were concealing income , Mr. Washburn says ." COORDINATION(" It prompted an IRS study that found many sellers were treating large amounts of nondeductible travel as business costs , Mr. Washburn says ." , " It prompted an IRS study that found many sellers were treating large amounts of other personal expenses as business costs , Mr. Washburn says ." ))
Input: The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business and derived merely incidental elements of recreation and other personal pleasure and benefits from it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business ." COORDINATION(" The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , derived other personal benefits from it ." , " The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , derived other personal pleasure from it ." COORDINATION(" The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , derived merely incidental elements of recreation from it ." )))
Input: The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the IRS , 24 other states , and two Canadian provinces , and even from phonebook Yellow Pages .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that register businesses ." , " The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from phonebook Yellow Pages ." COORDINATION(" The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from exchange agreements with the IRS ." , " The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from exchange agreements with 24 other states ." , " The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from exchange agreements with two Canadian provinces ." COORDINATION(" The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license professionals ." , " The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license businesses ." COORDINATION(" The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that register professionals ." ))))
Input: But that does n't mean half of the students attending Berkeley will be admitted this way .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades , test scores and supplemental points for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades ." , " But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on test scores ." COORDINATION(" But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on supplemental points for factors such as high-school curriculum ." , " But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on supplemental points for factors such as English-language proficiency ." , " But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on supplemental points for factors such as an essay ." ))
Input: Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action target for their group .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Or an interest in a retirement community in Nevada that will knock your socks off , once it is built ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in oil and gas wells and rare coins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in rare coins ." COORDINATION(" He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in oil wells ." , " He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in gas wells ." ))
Input: The overnight success story is part of our culture , and our society puts an emphasis on it with lotteries and Ed McMahon making millionaires out of people , says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The overnight success story is part of our culture , says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville ." COORDINATION(" our society puts an emphasis on it with lotteries , says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville ." , " our society puts an emphasis on it with Ed McMahon making millionaires out of people , says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville ." ))
Input: Between 1978 and 1987 , for instance , SH Oil in Winter Haven , Fla. , sold interests in oil wells to a very select group of local residents , while turning away numerous other eager investors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed , the suit alleged .
Prediction: NONE
Input: -LRB- Mr. Blodgett , who was convicted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive , is now on probation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- Mr. Blodgett , who was convicted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities , is now on probation ." COORDINATION(" -LRB- Mr. Blodgett , who was in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud , is now on probation ." , " -LRB- Mr. Blodgett , who was in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to deceive , is now on probation ." ))
Input: But hardly the only ones : The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And my time has come .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men ." COORDINATION(" In times past , ours is a two-income family ." , " In times past , ours is accustomed to it ." ))
Input: Besides term life and whole life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have universal life , universal variable life , flexible adjustable universal life , policies with persistency bonuses , policies festooned with exotic riders , living benefit policies , and on and on .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have universal life ." , " Besides whole life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have universal life ." , " Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have universal variable life ." , " Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have flexible adjustable universal life ." , " Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have policies with persistency bonuses ." , " Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have policies festooned with exotic riders ." , " Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have living benefit policies ." COORDINATION(" Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have on ." , " Besides term life -LRB- the old standbys -RRB- , we now have on ." ))
Input: Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shorn of all their riders , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive ." , " Shorn of all special provisions , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive ." , " Shorn of all other whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy ." , " Shorn of all special provisions , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which pays off only upon death ." COORDINATION(" Shorn of all their riders , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy ." , " Shorn of all their riders , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which pays off only upon death ." COORDINATION(" Shorn of all other bells , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive ." , " Shorn of all other whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive ." )))
Input: Sounds great -- or does it ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the Second Law , unique to insurance ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: The word death can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about savings and investment instead .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The word death can not be escaped entirely by the industry ." , " salesmen cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about investment instead ." COORDINATION(" salesmen dodge it wherever possible , preferring to talk about savings instead ." , " salesmen dodge it wherever possible , preferring to talk about investment instead ." COORDINATION(" salesmen cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about savings instead ." )))
Input: That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy ." COORDINATION(" That 's because you have to pay for the effort required to sell the whole package ." , " That 's because you have to pay for the effort required to service the whole package ." ))
Input: And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this .
Prediction: NONE
Input: So view permanent insurance for what it is -- a compromise between pure insurance and direct investment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: You pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage , the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing , and your cash value and dividends grow over the years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage ." , " the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing ." COORDINATION(" your cash value grow over the years ." , " your dividends grow over the years ." ))
Input: But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Projecting the latter over several decades , I find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: Yes , he says , premiums on such variable-rate coverage can be structured to vanish after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Glenn Daily , a New York-based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are just fantasies , because most are n't guaranteed by the companies .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial setup charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of surrender fees for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Insureres selling these policies otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees -- ." , " Insureres selling these policies otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- initial setup charges -- ." , " Insureres selling these policies otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; I figure that the lack of commission still saves me a lot ." COORDINATION(" Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public ; I figure that the lack of commission still saves me a lot ." , " Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public ; I figure that the lack of surrender fees for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot ." COORDINATION(" Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees -- ." , " Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public ; there is still a load -- initial setup charges -- ." )))
Input: Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ." , " Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 ." , " Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 ." ))
Input: We had underfunded Maalox for a year , he said , because the company was concentrating on research and development and promoting other drugs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We had underfunded Maalox for a year , he said , because the company was concentrating on promoting other drugs ." COORDINATION(" We had underfunded Maalox for a year , he said , because the company was concentrating on research ." , " We had underfunded Maalox for a year , he said , because the company was concentrating on development ." ))
Input: Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe , rising imports from East bloc countries and overseas , and declining demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe ." , " Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces declining demand ." COORDINATION(" Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces rising imports from East bloc countries ." , " Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces rising imports from overseas ." ))
Input: HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal savings and loan to a federal savings bank and changed its name to HomeFed Bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , changed its name to HomeFed Bank ." COORDINATION(" HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal savings to a federal savings bank ." , " HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal loan to a federal savings bank ." ))
Input: But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices ." COORDINATION(" Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices ." , " Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index options , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices ." ))
Input: Among other technology issues , Cray Research rose 1 5\/8 to 37 , Hewlett-Packard added 1 1\/4 to 50 1\/4 , Tandem Computers rallied 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/4 , Data General rose 3\/4 to 14 1\/2 and Motorola gained 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/4 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: On the other hand , Symbol Technologies dropped 1 1\/4 to 18 1\/2 after Shearson Lehman Hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on the stock and its 1989 earnings estimate , and Commodore International fell 7\/8 to 8 after the company said it expects to post a loss for the September quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On the other hand , Commodore International fell 7\/8 to 8 after the company said it expects to post a loss for the September quarter ." COORDINATION(" On the other hand , Symbol Technologies dropped 1 1\/4 to 18 1\/2 after Shearson Lehman Hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on the stock ." , " On the other hand , Symbol Technologies dropped 1 1\/4 to 18 1\/2 after Shearson Lehman Hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on its 1989 earnings estimate ." ))
Input: Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs and stress-related disorders in compensation cases , according to a survey by the National Council on Compensation Insurance .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But although 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated that mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social stigma associated with people seeking help .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there still are a few ways today 's traveler can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Jan. 4 ." , " They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Jan. 5 ." , " They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Jan. 6 ." COORDINATION(" They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 ." , " They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 25 ." , " They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 29 ." , " They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 30 ." , " They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 31 ." ))
Input: The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed ." COORDINATION(" The Continental catch : they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket ." , " The Continental catch : they must have legal proof they 're related ." ))
Input: But gay rights advocates are angry , too .
Prediction: NONE
Input: WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean and the Atlantic coast states , it downed electric and telephone lines , shot coconuts through cottage rooftops , shattered windows and uprooted thousands of lives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean , it shot coconuts through cottage rooftops ." , " WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Atlantic coast states , it shot coconuts through cottage rooftops ." , " WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Atlantic coast states , it downed electric lines ." , " WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean , it shattered windows ." , " WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean , it uprooted thousands of lives ." COORDINATION(" WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean , it downed electric lines ." , " WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean , it downed telephone lines ." ))
Input: Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : We do n't have the outdoor pool , the pool table , ping pong table , snack bar or VCR , but we still have the indoor pool and Jacuzzi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : we still have the indoor pool ." , " Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : we still have the Jacuzzi ." COORDINATION(" Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : We do n't have the outdoor pool , the pool table , ." , " Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : We do n't have the outdoor pool , the ping pong table , ." , " Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : We do n't have the outdoor pool , the snack bar , ." , " Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : We do n't have the outdoor pool , the VCR , ." ))
Input: A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70 % off regular coach fare .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And centenarians fly free in first class .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the compounded effects of seniors only taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But six years ago he also began importing from the Far East .
Prediction: NONE
Input: This year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This year he produced a men 's line ." COORDINATION(" This year he offers dyed furs in red ." , " This year he offers dyed furs in cherry red ." , " This year he offers dyed furs in violet ." , " This year he offers dyed furs in royal blue ." , " This year he offers dyed furs in forest green ." ))
Input: In addition , competition has glutted the market with both skins and coats , driving prices down .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And those who did n't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Rosen responds : Whatever people want to buy , I 'll sell .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The four cases were all reported to GTE 's medical director and state and local health authorities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The four cases were all reported to GTE 's medical director ." COORDINATION(" The four cases were all reported to state health authorities ." , " The four cases were all reported to local health authorities ." ))
Input: Ms. Davis said the new machines could steal some sales away from Olivetti 's own minicomputers , but would bring new sales among professionals such as engineers , stockbrokers and medical doctors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ms. Davis said the new machines could steal some sales away from Olivetti 's own minicomputers ." COORDINATION(" Ms. Davis said the new machines would bring new sales among professionals such as engineers ." , " Ms. Davis said the new machines would bring new sales among professionals such as stockbrokers ." , " Ms. Davis said the new machines would bring new sales among professionals such as medical doctors ." ))
Input: It 's the missing link in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers , the Olivetti spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Viatech makes flexible packaging films ." , " Viatech makes machinery ." COORDINATION(" Viatech makes materials for the food industries ." , " Viatech makes materials for the pharmaceutical industries ." ))
Input: Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 566 from $ 541 , the Department of Health and Human Services announced .
Prediction: NONE
Input: To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through attrition , and slowing the growth in research and development spending .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through attrition ." COORDINATION(" To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been slowing the growth in research spending ." , " To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been slowing the growth in development spending ." ))
Input: But not every company expects to report increased earnings .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines ." COORDINATION(" The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to establish a presence in workstations ." , " The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to establish a presence in mainframes ." ))
Input: But analysts said that against the backdrop of a nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , that should n't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , or nine cents a share , for a change in depreciation method and concurrent changes in estimates of depreciable lives and net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , for a change in depreciation method ." , " The latest period 's net was reduced nine cents a share , for a change in depreciation method ." , " The latest period 's net was reduced nine cents a share , for concurrent changes in estimates of net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment ." COORDINATION(" The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , for concurrent changes in estimates of depreciable lives ." , " The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , for concurrent changes in estimates of net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment ." ))
Input: But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the growth was partly offset by price cuts on some products ." COORDINATION(" But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales ." , " But the growth was partly offset by lower rentals ." ))
Input: But other analysts expressed disappointment that the cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the company said the amount ca n't be determined until it knows how many managers opt to retire .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But wait a second .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the fees investors pay for indexing run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy to an increasingly active one .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among the souped-up indexing strategies : Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They can ignore the S&P 500 stocks altogether and focus on particular types of stocks , such as smaller companies , those paying high dividends or companies in a particular industry , state or country .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They can ignore the S&P 500 stocks altogether ." COORDINATION(" They can focus on particular types of stocks , such as companies in a particular country ." , " They can focus on particular types of stocks , such as companies in a particular industry ." , " They can focus on particular types of stocks , such as companies in a particular state ." COORDINATION(" They can focus on particular types of stocks , such as smaller companies , those paying high dividends ." )))
Input: Futures and options also make it possible to build synthetic index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Futures also make it possible to build synthetic index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock ." , " options also make it possible to build synthetic index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock ." , " options also make it possible to build synthetic index funds that can produce returns that match the broad stock market ." COORDINATION(" Futures also make it possible to build synthetic index funds that can produce returns that match the broad stock market ." , " Futures also make it possible to build synthetic index funds that can produce returns that exceed the broad stock market ." ))
Input: And many have been successful , as in the case of the index fund operated by hyper-trader Westridge Capital .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks , and will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks ." COORDINATION(" The firm sometimes will switch back between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies ." , " The firm sometimes will switch forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies ." ))
Input: J. Thomas Allen , president of Pittsburgh-based Advanced Investment Management Inc. , agrees it 's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , 1988 , and again on April 4 , 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism of the Foreign Relations Committee on April 4 , 1988 ." , " The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on April 4 , 1988 ." , " The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 1988 ." COORDINATION(" The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 1988 ." , " The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 9 , 1988 ." , " The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 10 , 1988 ." , " The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 11 , 1988 ." ))
Input: After years of hesitation , economic and political reform was embraced at the end of 1986 , but ringing declarations have yet to be translated into much action .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After years of hesitation , ringing declarations have yet to be translated into much action ." COORDINATION(" After years of hesitation , economic reform was embraced at the end of 1986 ." , " After years of hesitation , political reform was embraced at the end of 1986 ." ))
Input: For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which he and his large family used as both residence and factory , and demanded proof the house and equipment were his .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which his large family used as both factory , ." COORDINATION(" District police in 1983 demanded proof the house were his ." , " District police in 1983 demanded proof the equipment were his ." COORDINATION(" District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which he used as both residence , ." , " District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which he used as both factory , ." COORDINATION(" District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which his large family used as both residence , ." ))))
Input: Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle and motorbike tires a month and 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle tires a month in the son 's small house ." , " Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 motorbike tires a month in the son 's small house ." ))
Input: The heart of the business is the purchase of rice and other commodities , such as corn and coffee , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer , farm tools and other items .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The heart of the business is the purchase of rice from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer ." , " The heart of the business is the purchase of other commodities , such as corn , from farmers in the south , paying with farm tools ." , " The heart of the business is the purchase of rice from farmers in the south , paying with farm tools ." , " The heart of the business is the purchase of rice from farmers in the south , paying with other items ." COORDINATION(" The heart of the business is the purchase of other commodities , such as corn , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer ." , " The heart of the business is the purchase of other commodities , such as coffee , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer ." ))
Input: In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , setting up Saigon Petro , which owns Vietnam 's first oil refinery ." , " In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , setting up Saigon Petro , which operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery ." COORDINATION(" In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial Bank ." , " In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Commercial Bank ." ))
Input: As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including controllers and disk drives ; and microcomputer products , which include graphics , communications and peripheral control chips .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- microcomputer products , which include graphics chips ." , " As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- microcomputer products , which include communications chips ." , " As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- microcomputer products , which include peripheral control chips ." COORDINATION(" As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including controllers ." , " As part of its reorganization this week , Western Digital has divided its business into two segments -- storage products , including disk drives ." ))
Input: But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Assets owned or managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million ." COORDINATION(" Assets owned rose 20 % to $ 45 billion ." , " Assets managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion ." ))
Input: The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales , and $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales ." COORDINATION(" The nine-month results included $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business ." , " The nine-month results included $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to early redemption of debt ." ))
Input: The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80 % of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors , including Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80 % of the proceeds ." COORDINATION(" Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the rest being divided among other creditors , including Minpeco ." , " Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the rest being divided among other creditors , including Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan ." ))
Input: Minpeco attorney Thomas Gorman decribed the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the W. Herbert Hunt case but Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , called it silly and said he would fight it in court .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Minpeco attorney Thomas Gorman decribed the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the W. Herbert Hunt case ." COORDINATION(" Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , called it silly ." , " Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , said he would fight it in court ." ))
Input: So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars -LRB- US$ 457 million -RRB- in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So the bank 's board decided to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital ." COORDINATION(" So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars -LRB- US$ 457 million -RRB- in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue ." , " So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars -LRB- US$ 457 million -RRB- in provisions for interest payments from loans never actually received by the bank ." ))
Input: Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for and the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million and M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for ." COORDINATION(" Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 ." , " Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 ." ))
Input: Unless he closes the gap , Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands , and in a major reversal , Congress is defying a presidential veto and demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands ." COORDINATION(" in a major reversal , Congress is demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of incest ." , " in a major reversal , Congress is demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape ." COORDINATION(" in a major reversal , Congress is defying a presidential veto ." )))
Input: If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , he asks , how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If you 're going to be consistent , he asks , how are you going to say someone who is not in great shape financially does not ?" , " If you 're going to say it is a constitutionally protected right , he asks , how are you going to say someone who is not in great shape financially does not ?" , " If you 're going to say it is a constitutionally protected right , he asks , how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital in a nice car has a constitutional right ?" COORDINATION(" If you 're going to be consistent , he asks , how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital in a nice car has a constitutional right ?" , " If you 're going to be consistent , he asks , how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right ?" ))
Input: He hurt himself further this summer by bringing homosexual issues into the debate ; and by wavering on this issue and abortion , he has weakened his credibility in what is already a mean-spirited campaign on both sides .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He hurt himself further this summer by bringing homosexual issues into the debate ." COORDINATION(" by wavering on this issue , he has weakened his credibility in what is already a mean-spirited campaign on both sides ." , " by wavering on abortion , he has weakened his credibility in what is already a mean-spirited campaign on both sides ." ))
Input: Jack Kemp and the writers Irving Kristol and George Gilder were influences , and Mr. Courter 's own conservative credentials proved useful to the current New Jersey GOP governor , Thomas Kean , in the 1981 Republican primary here .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Courter 's own conservative credentials proved useful to the current New Jersey GOP governor , Thomas Kean , in the 1981 Republican primary here ." COORDINATION(" the writers George Gilder were influences ." , " the writers Irving Kristol were influences ." COORDINATION(" Jack Kemp were influences ." )))
Input: The same partnership is now crucial to Mr. Courter 's fortunes , but the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between his record and that of the more moderate , pro-choice Gov. Kean .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The same partnership is now crucial to Mr. Courter 's fortunes ." COORDINATION(" the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between his record ." , " the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between that of the more moderate , pro-choice Gov. Kean ." ))
Input: While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office ." COORDINATION(" While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income at home ." , " While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased sales taxes at home ." ))
Input: His base in South Jersey and on the House Energy and Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" His base in South Jersey helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge ." COORDINATION(" His base on the House Energy Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge ." , " His base on the House Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge ." ))
Input: Mr. Florio savors this vindication , but at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Florio savors this vindication ." COORDINATION(" at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times ." , " at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his losses ." ))
Input: Appealing to a young audience , he scraps an old reference to Ozzie and Harriet and instead quotes the Grateful Dead .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Appealing to a young audience , he quotes the Grateful Dead ." COORDINATION(" Appealing to a young audience , he scraps an old reference to Ozzie ." , " Appealing to a young audience , he scraps an old reference to Harriet ." ))
Input: But many economists were not nearly as jubilant .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But retail energy prices declined 0.9 % in September .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And this week , the industry 's efforts will go national for the first time when it unveils a $ 7 million advertising campaign .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Since the start of the decade , lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year on average , compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Competition and mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Competition have been the undoing of many resorts ." COORDINATION(" mounting insurance costs have been the undoing of many resorts ." , " mounting equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts ." ))
Input: But another big problem has been the aging of baby boomers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young and daring and many baby boomers have outgrown skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" many baby boomers have outgrown skiing ." , " many baby boomers have have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport ." COORDINATION(" Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young ." , " Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the daring ." ))
Input: But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In one phone call , ski buffs can make hotel and restaurant reservations , buy lift tickets , rent ski equipment and sign up for lessons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In one phone call , ski buffs can buy lift tickets ." , " In one phone call , ski buffs can rent ski equipment ." , " In one phone call , ski buffs can sign up for lessons ." COORDINATION(" In one phone call , ski buffs can make hotel reservations ." , " In one phone call , ski buffs can make restaurant reservations ." ))
Input: But some think that 's being overly optimistic .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And most vacationers still prefer a warm climate for their winter excursions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They did n't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled , and they did n't play it on Wednesday or Thursday either .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They did n't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled ." COORDINATION(" they did n't play it on Wednesday either ." , " they did n't play it on Thursday either ." ))
Input: But you knew that , did n't you ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But , at least , the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side .
Prediction: NONE
Input: I 'd slept through my only previous brush with natural disaster , a tornado 15 or so summers ago near Traverse City , Mich. , so I was unprepared for one reaction to such things : the urge to talk about them .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio and TV reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces and asking how they feel about one calamity or another , fellow reporters and civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces , fellow reporters were eager to chat ." , " Perhaps primed by the daily diet of TV reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces , fellow reporters were eager to chat ." , " Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces , civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat ." , " Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio reporters asking how they feel about another , civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat ." , " Perhaps primed by the daily diet of TV reporters asking how they feel about one calamity , fellow reporters were eager to chat ." , " Perhaps primed by the daily diet of TV reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces , civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat ." COORDINATION(" Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio reporters asking how they feel about one calamity , fellow reporters were eager to chat ." , " Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio reporters asking how they feel about another , fellow reporters were eager to chat ." ))
Input: I was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes , confessed a friend .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I stayed put for 10 minutes , confessed a friend ." , " I stayed put for 15 minutes , confessed a friend ." COORDINATION(" I was near the top of the stadium , confessed a friend ." , " I saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , confessed a friend ." ))
Input: Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park , but battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park ." COORDINATION(" battery-operated radios sets were plentiful ." , " battery-operated television sets were plentiful ." ))
Input: At my hotel , the Westin , power was out , some interior plaster had broken loose and there had been water damage , but little else .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At my hotel , the Westin , power was out ." , " At my hotel , the Westin , some interior plaster had broken loose ." COORDINATION(" At my hotel , the Westin , there had been water damage ." , " At my hotel , the Westin , there had been little else ." ))
Input: The Westin staff had , kindly , set out lighted candles in the ballroom , prepared a cold-cuts buffet and passed around pillows and blankets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Westin staff had , kindly , set out lighted candles in the ballroom ." , " The Westin staff had , kindly , prepared a cold-cuts buffet ." COORDINATION(" The Westin staff had , kindly , passed around pillows ." , " The Westin staff had , kindly , passed around blankets ." ))
Input: And I will never again complain about a rainout .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the UAL collapse , he says , may tell you it 's not going to work that easily .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Batchelder says that Citicorp 's failure to deliver on its promise to raise the UAL bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group is very distressing to potential users of a highly-confident letter from commercial banks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he warns that banks will have to have enough discipline not to make loans that are too risky .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some observers believe Paramount Chairman Martin Davis wanted to avoid the possible taint of being perceived as a corporate raider in his controversial bid for Time .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it was broad-scale rejection by Japanese banks that helped seal the fate of the attempt to buy UAL .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material , repair and maintenance , and labor costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material costs ." , " The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher labor costs ." COORDINATION(" The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher repair costs ." , " The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher maintenance costs ." ))
Input: And in financial markets , irrational behavior is sometimes translated into catastrophe .
Prediction: NONE
Input: When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve -LRB- buy and sell orders at various prices -RRB- be made available to all , not just to market makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices be made available to all , not just to market makers ." COORDINATION(" When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about the supply-demand curve -LRB- buy orders at various prices -RRB- be made available to all , not just to market makers ." , " When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about the supply-demand curve -LRB- sell orders at various prices -RRB- be made available to all , not just to market makers ." ))
Input: Market makers buy what investors wish to sell ; their business is reselling these unwanted positions as quickly as possible to other investors , and at a profit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve -LRB- buy and sell orders at each price -RRB- entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve -LRB- sell orders at each price -RRB- entered by investors alike ." COORDINATION(" In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to enter orders ." , " In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to execute orders ." COORDINATION(" In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve -LRB- buy orders at each price -RRB- entered by dealers alike ." , " In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve -LRB- buy orders at each price -RRB- entered by investors alike ." COORDINATION(" In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve -LRB- sell orders at each price -RRB- entered by dealers alike ." ))))
Input: But I am sure we need to maximize our earthquake protection by making certain that our market structures let investors add their mighty shock-damping power to our nation 's markets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But short-term bonds ca n't rise too much , because everyone knows they will be redeemed at a preset price fairly soon .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But not just any bonds will do .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , like corporates , many municipal bonds are callable .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But a few experts , going against the consensus , do n't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the offing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , in a sense , that 's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Unfortunately , though , recessions vary enough in length so that the average ca n't reliably be used to guide investors in timing stock sales or purchases .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But whatever their advice about timing , none of these experts recommend jettisoning stocks entirely during a recession .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 , just before the crash .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And it 's way above the ratio -LRB- 7.5 times cash flow -RRB- that bigger companies are selling for .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties , even as junk-bond prices rose .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Dealers said junk bond issues on average were up by 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with so-called quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership posting one-point gains .
Prediction: NONE
Input: According to market participants , the bonds were met with decent bids , but the volume of paper left high grades in the 10-year and under maturity range unchanged to 0.05 percentage point higher in yield .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" According to market participants , the bonds were met with decent bids ." COORDINATION(" the volume of paper left high grades in the 10-year maturity range unchanged to 0.05 percentage point higher in yield ." , " the volume of paper left high grades in the under maturity range unchanged to 0.05 percentage point higher in yield ." ))
Input: Mortgage securities generally ended 6\/32 to 9\/32 point higher , but lagged gains in the Treasury market because of a shift in the shape of the Treasury yield curve and rumored mortgage sales by thrifts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mortgage securities generally ended 6\/32 to 9\/32 point higher ." COORDINATION(" Mortgage securities generally lagged gains in the Treasury market because of a shift in the shape of the Treasury yield curve ." , " Mortgage securities generally lagged gains in the Treasury market because of rumored mortgage sales by thrifts ." ))
Input: But will it ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs , high-living operators , and downright fraud .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ." , " The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established ." COORDINATION(" The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accuracy in solicitation ." , " The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for honesty in solicitation ." ))
Input: The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; 82 % , says Mr. Ormstedt , went to fund raisers and most of the rest to the people who ran the charities and to their relatives -- for fur coats , trips to Florida , Lucullan restaurant tabs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; 82 % , says Mr. Ormstedt , went to fund raisers ." COORDINATION(" The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; most of the rest to the people who ran the charities -- for fur coats , trips to Florida , Lucullan restaurant tabs ." , " The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; most of the rest to their relatives -- for fur coats , trips to Florida , Lucullan restaurant tabs ." ))
Input: This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently ." COORDINATION(" This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud ." , " This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright misrepresentation ." ))
Input: The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years , and the enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years ." COORDINATION(" the enforcement drive is continuing there ." , " the enforcement drive is continuing elsewhere ." ))
Input: I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , he says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , he says ." COORDINATION(" I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV campaign , he says ." , " I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive print campaign , he says ." ))
Input: In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Transportation Department and Labor Department .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Transportation Department ." , " In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Labor Department ." COORDINATION(" In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Securities Commission ." , " In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Exchange Commission ." ))
Input: But there was one bright spot yesterday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Sen. Mitchell , buoyed by his victory among fellow Democrats , strongly disagreed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous ." , " Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly reassuring ." , " Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly designed to make financial maneuvers appear safer than they really are ." COORDINATION(" Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly designed to make financial products appear better than they really are ." , " Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly designed to make financial products appear safer than they really are ." , " Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly designed to make financial products appear cheaper than they really are ." COORDINATION(" Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly designed to make financial maneuvers appear better than they really are ." )))
Input: These people used to be called brokers , but apparently this word either is not grandiose enough or carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction , when terrified customers could n't raise brokers on the phone .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These people used to be called brokers ." COORDINATION(" apparently this word either is not grandiose enough ." , " apparently this word either carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction , when terrified customers could n't raise brokers on the phone ." ))
Input: And do n't expect anyone to change the term blue chip , either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were .
Prediction: NONE
Input: American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" shorn of its regional telephone units , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture ." , " exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture ." COORDINATION(" American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows ." , " American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of orphans ." , " American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of trust departments ." ))
Input: -- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings -LRB- and management bonuses -RRB- ; the price , a sea of bad loans .
Prediction: NONE
Input: -- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans -LRB- the Brady Plan -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- The Treasury wisely has refused ." COORDINATION(" -- The Treasury wisely has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction ." , " -- The Treasury wisely has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt-service reduction ." , " -- The Treasury wisely has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either new loans -LRB- the Brady Plan -RRB- ." ))
Input: -- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- The banks will threaten not to make further loans ." , " -- in truth , lacking the capital to build a navy , they have to go along ." COORDINATION(" -- in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes , they have no alternative ." , " -- in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes , they have to go along ." COORDINATION(" -- in truth , lacking the capital to build a navy , they have no alternative ." )))
Input: And they are a very odd team in any case .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood but they are well connected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they are well connected ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Guber are n't universally loved in Hollywood ." , " Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood ." ))
Input: Their stock in trade as executive producers is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Their stock in trade as executive producers is sniffing out hot properties ." , " Their stock in trade as executive producers is locking them up ." COORDINATION(" Their stock in trade as executive producers is then getting big studios to bankroll them ." , " Their stock in trade as executive producers is then getting big studios to distribute them ." ))
Input: With MGM\/UA 's Rainman , for instance , Messrs. Guber and Peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production , but their names still appear in big letters on the credits , and they are inevitably associated with its success .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With MGM\/UA 's Rainman , for instance , their names still appear in big letters on the credits ." , " With MGM\/UA 's Rainman , for instance , they are inevitably associated with its success ." COORDINATION(" With MGM\/UA 's Rainman , for instance , Messrs. Guber had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production ." , " With MGM\/UA 's Rainman , for instance , Messrs. Peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production ." ))
Input: In that case , Guber Peters acquired the rights in 1979 , nursed the movie through a dozen scripts , and were on the set in London for 11 months hovering over the most minute changes in casting and production .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In that case , Guber Peters acquired the rights in 1979 ." , " In that case , Guber Peters nursed the movie through a dozen scripts ." COORDINATION(" In that case , Guber Peters were on the set in London for 11 months hovering over the most minute changes in casting ." , " In that case , Guber Peters were on the set in London for 11 months hovering over the most minute changes in production ." ))
Input: And when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , Mr. De Palma adds .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's and Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in Caddyshack II for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's lack of involvement in Caddyshack II for the film 's ultimate dismal failure ." , " Warner executives blame Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in Caddyshack II for the film 's ultimate dismal failure ." , " Warner executives blame Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in Caddyshack II for casting problems ." COORDINATION(" Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's lack of involvement in Caddyshack II for casting problems ." , " Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's lack of involvement in Caddyshack II for production problems ." ))
Input: He came to produce her records and her movies -- A Star Is Born and The Main Event .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He came to produce her records ." COORDINATION(" He came to produce her movies -- A Star Is Born ." , " He came to produce her movies -- The Main Event ." ))
Input: Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Peters acknowledges that ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Peters says it 's not unlike the situation he are in with Warner ." , " Mr. Peters says it 's not unlike the situation Mr. Guber are in with Warner ." ))
Input: He says , Within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of Rwanda and everyone who had ever met or talked to Dian Fossey .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says , Within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of Rwanda ." COORDINATION(" He says , Within a few weeks , we made deals with everyone who had ever met Dian Fossey ." , " He says , Within a few weeks , we made deals with everyone who had ever talked to Dian Fossey ." ))
Input: Universal Studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters and Warner .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Universal Studios was working on a competing film ." COORDINATION(" the studio ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters ." , " the studio ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Warner ." COORDINATION(" its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters ." )))
Input: -LRB- The sale caused a rift between the widow and some of her husband 's followers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it is puzzling to some Hollywood executives that Sony rushed to hire them without clearing up the Warner situation first .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among their clinkers were The Legend of Billie Jean , VisionQuest , Clue and Clan of the Cave Bear .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters planned to run the nearly dormant MGM studio , and the two even tried to interest Warner Bros . President Terry Semel in becoming a partner after he advised them on the deal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the two even tried to interest Warner Bros . President Terry Semel in becoming a partner after he advised them on the deal ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Guber planned to run the nearly dormant MGM studio ." , " Mr. Peters planned to run the nearly dormant MGM studio ." ))
Input: But the MGM plan collapsed just two weeks later .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And earnings have been erratic .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights , and it was in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , Mr. Daly said in his affidavit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it was in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA by permitting them to become MGM executives , Mr. Daly said in his affidavit ." , " it was in Warner 's interest to accommodate Guber by permitting them to become MGM executives , Mr. Daly said in his affidavit ." , " it was in Warner 's interest to accommodate Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , Mr. Daly said in his affidavit ." COORDINATION(" Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie rights , Mr. Daly said in his affidavit ." , " Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain other rights , Mr. Daly said in his affidavit ." ))
Input: And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And there 's more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the simplicity may be misleading .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" those are hard to evaluate ." COORDINATION(" They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets that support them ." , " They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the credit backing that support them ." ))
Input: And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as plastic bonds .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank or Sears , Roebuck & Co. , takes a pool of credit-card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank , sells them to a specially created trust ." , " The process typically begins when an institution , such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. , sells them to a specially created trust ." , " The process typically begins when an institution , such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. , takes a pool of credit-card receivables ." COORDINATION(" The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank , takes a pool of credit-card receivables ." , " The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank , takes a pool of other receivables ." ))
Input: But skeptics question whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Powers has purchased asset-backed issues for individuals with tax-deferred accounts , such as retirement plans .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust ." , " The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates do not represent obligations of any affiliate thereof ." COORDINATION(" The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates do not represent interests in the banks ." , " The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates do not represent interests in Citibank N.A. ." , " The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates do not represent interests in Citicorp ." , " The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates do not represent interests in any affiliate thereof ." COORDINATION(" The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates do not represent obligations of the banks ." )))
Input: Nor does it cover the entire portfolio .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it could be much worse .
Prediction: NONE
Input: By spreading their wealth among several investment alternatives , the respondents have protected themselves against squalls in any one area , be it stocks , bonds or real estate .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But only 17.5 % said they had more than half their money in the stock market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago ." COORDINATION(" The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy ." , " The respondents were mildly optimistic about investment markets ." ))
Input: Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most own two to 10 stocks ." COORDINATION(" Most buy no more than three times a year ." , " Most sell no more than three times a year ." ))
Input: But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat lighter than usual .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But as of August , only 50 % actually had stock-market investments of that size .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it appears that many Journal readers were taking that news as a sign to be cautious , rather than a signal to jump on the bandwagon .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio ." COORDINATION(" Moody 's said that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets ." , " Moody 's said that it continues to suffer from high loan-loss provisions ." ))
Input: Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Electronic theft by foreign spies is eroding their international competitive advantage ." , " Electronic theft by disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions ." , " Electronic theft by disgruntled employees is eroding their international competitive advantage ." COORDINATION(" Electronic theft by foreign spies is costing U.S. companies billions ." , " Electronic theft by industrial spies is costing U.S. companies billions ." ))
Input: The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management ." COORDINATION(" The conference was jointly sponsored by the Armed Forces Communications Association , a joint industry-government trade group ." , " The conference was jointly sponsored by the Armed Forces Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group ." ))
Input: Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million ." COORDINATION(" Ciba-Geigy have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught ." , " Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught ." ))
Input: The Nasdaq industrial index climbed 8.17 to 458.52 , and the other finance index , made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq industrial index climbed 8.17 to 458.52 ." COORDINATION(" the other finance index , made up of real estate firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 ." , " the other finance index , made up of brokerage firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 ." COORDINATION(" the other finance index , made up of commercial banks , rose 3.97 to 545.96 ." )))
Input: But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them .
Prediction: NONE
Input: After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among other software issues , Autodesk jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 , Lotus Development was unchanged at 32 1\/2 , Novell jumped 7\/8 to 30 3\/4 , Ashton-Tate gained 1\/4 to 10 5\/8 , and Oracle Systems rose 3\/4 to 25 3\/4 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia , its historical photographs of great moments in Series past , and its instructions , in English and Spanish , for filling in the scorecard .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia ." , " Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical photographs of great moments in Series past ." COORDINATION(" Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its instructions , in English , for filling in the scorecard ." , " Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its instructions , in Spanish , for filling in the scorecard ." ))
Input: But then the noise turned into a roar .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And no one was shouting .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But for a few minutes there , relief abounded .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And most of us waited for a while for the game to start .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And by then , expensive automobile sound systems were keeping the gridlocked parking lot by the bay informed about the fire causing the big black plume of smoke we saw on the northern horizon .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by rising unemployment ." , " Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by a widening budget deficit ." COORDINATION(" Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat industrial growth ." , " Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by negative industrial growth ." ))
Input: Nor are any of these inefficient monoliths likely to be allowed to go bankrupt .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , because China 's leaders have abandoned plans to drastically reform the economy , it is likely to continue , analysts say .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu and Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , and Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Output declined in several provinces , including Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket ." COORDINATION(" Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu , two key coastal areas , ." , " Output declined in several provinces , including Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , ." ))
Input: And heavy-industry lobbyists are quietly discussing the possibility of reinstating the investment tax credit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But lawmakers of both parties agree that the streamlining was temporary .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the lovebirds have a conflict .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there are grounds for complaint .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they are also opportunistic , he said ." , " if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , he said ." COORDINATION(" It may not be weeks , he said ." , " It may not be months , he said ." ))
Input: The magazine was overhauled with the aid of American magazine design gurus Milton Glaser and Walter Bernard , and targets top-level U.S. executives with Japanese and American advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The magazine targets top-level U.S. executives with Japanese advertisers ." , " The magazine targets top-level U.S. executives with American advertisers ." COORDINATION(" The magazine was overhauled with the aid of American magazine design gurus Milton Glaser ." , " The magazine was overhauled with the aid of American magazine design gurus Walter Bernard ." ))
Input: At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees ." , " At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit ." COORDINATION(" At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of significantly higher taxes ." , " At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of significantly higher costs ." ))
Input: James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members ." COORDINATION(" James F. Gero , former chairman of Varo Inc. , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members ." , " James F. Gero , former chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members ." ))
Input: Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly ." COORDINATION(" Stores in a state of confusion are likely to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , which should do well ." , " Stores in a state of confusion are likely to lose customers to stable chains such as May Department Stores Co. , which should do well ." , " Stores in a state of confusion are likely to lose customers to stable chains such as Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well ." ))
Input: But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He 's not predicting a blockbuster , but he is more optimistic than three months ago because employment remains strong and inflation low .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He 's not predicting a blockbuster ." COORDINATION(" he is more optimistic than three months ago because employment remains strong ." , " he is more optimistic than three months ago because inflation low ." ))
Input: Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Kinney and Foot Locker shoe stores and other specialty chains -- to rise pretty much in line with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes other specialty chains -- to rise pretty much in line with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Kinney shoe stores -- to rise pretty much in line with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % ." , " Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Foot Locker shoe stores -- to rise pretty much in line with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % ." ))
Input: But many consumers probably will use the extra time to put off some purchasing until the last minute .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice ." COORDINATION(" The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved accolade handed out by the awarding committee ." , " The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee ." ))
Input: Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death and has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell : Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path , and others down the road bordered with thistles and prickly pears .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death : Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path ." , " Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell : Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path ." , " Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell : Fate others down the road bordered with prickly pears ." COORDINATION(" Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death : Fate others down the road bordered with thistles ." , " Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death : Fate others down the road bordered with prickly pears ." ))
Input: I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case I feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in ..." COORDINATION(" in any case I feel confident that good sense ..." , " in any case I feel confident that honest judgment ..." ))
Input: But other than a few slaps on the wrist , Gen. Noriega went unpunished by that body , too ; he was not even singled out in the closing statement .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And even some last-minute phone calls that Mr. Bush made -LRB- at the behest of some conservative U.S. senators -RRB- to enlist backing for the U.S. position failed to stop the march of Mr. Arias 's agenda .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess and is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's likes and dislikes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess ." COORDINATION(" Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's likes ." , " Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's dislikes ." ))
Input: This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But in the light of events in Panama , where the U.S. has such clear strategic interests , waiting for the Delta Force may prove to be a dangerous gambit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices -LRB- expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount -RRB- are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The debt issues involved -LRB- expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount -RRB- are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % ." COORDINATION(" the proposed consent fees -LRB- expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount -RRB- are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % ." , " the cash tender offer prices -LRB- expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount -RRB- are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % ." ))
Input: Paramount and MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount and MCA for Wednesdays and perhaps a block of original shows Fridays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Paramount , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer a block of original shows Fridays ." , " MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer a block of original shows Fridays ." , " MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount for Wednesdays ." COORDINATION(" Paramount , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount for Wednesdays ." , " Paramount , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by MCA for Wednesdays ." ))
Input: BanPonce caters to a more affluent customer , while Banco Popular has always had a large presence among middle-income and lower-income markets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up and new program costs , increased costs of materials , higher wages and an $ 11 million provision for bad debts in Latin America .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by increased costs of materials ." , " The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher wages ." , " The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by an $ 11 million provision for bad debts in Latin America ." COORDINATION(" The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up ." , " The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by new program costs ." ))
Input: But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will indefinitely lay off about 325 workers in the Peoria area and temporarily shut its plant in York , Pa. , for two weeks in both November and December .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will indefinitely lay off about 325 workers in the Peoria area ." COORDINATION(" Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will temporarily shut its plant in York , Pa. , for two weeks in both November ." , " Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will temporarily shut its plant in York , Pa. , for two weeks in both December ." ))
Input: B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" B.A.T aims to float its big paper businesses via share issues to existing holders ." , " B.A.T aims to float its big British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders ." COORDINATION(" B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field ." , " B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Saks Fifth Avenue ." ))
Input: Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of a 50 % dividend increase ." COORDINATION(" Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , of its shares ." , " Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of about 153 million , of its shares ." ))
Input: The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business for the increase in revenue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company cited sales gains in its international business for the increase in revenue ." COORDINATION(" The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley units for the increase in revenue ." , " The company cited sales gains at its Playskool units for the increase in revenue ." ))
Input: Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman and chief executive , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , and its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids , Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season ." , " Alan G. Hassenfeld , chief executive , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season ." , " Alan G. Hassenfeld , chief executive , added that its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season ." COORDINATION(" Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman , added that its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season ." , " Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman , added that its acquisition of Scrabble from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season ." , " Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman , added that its acquisition of other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season ." ))
Input: The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 but the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the proposal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 ." COORDINATION(" the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities Commission to review the proposal ." , " the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Exchange Commission to review the proposal ." ))
Input: Was the man who once was pro-choice , but later pro-life , converting again ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Mahe adds , The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , the company cited cost-reduction moves and interest income .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The commission order named the following companies : Ticor Title Insurance Co. of California , a unit of Los Angeles-based Ticor ; Chicago Title Insurance Co. and Safeco Title Insurance Co. , units of Chicago Title & Trust Co. ; Lawyers Title Insurance Corp. , a unit of Richmond , Va.-based Universal Corp. ; and Stewart Title Guaranty Co. , a unit of Houston-based Stewart Information Services Corp .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The commission order named the following companies : Ticor Title Insurance Co. of California , a unit of Los Angeles-based Ticor ." , " The commission order named the following companies : Lawyers Title Insurance Corp. , a unit of Richmond , Va.-based Universal Corp. ." , " The commission order named the following companies : Stewart Title Guaranty Co. , a unit of Houston-based Stewart Information Services Corp ." COORDINATION(" The commission order named the following companies : Chicago Title Insurance Co. , units of Chicago Title & Trust Co. ." , " The commission order named the following companies : Safeco Title Insurance Co. , units of Chicago Title & Trust Co. ." ))
Input: The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bonds are insured ." COORDINATION(" The bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's ." , " The bonds are rated triple-A by S&P ." ))
Input: A new product , NewsEdge , carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer and beeps and flashes whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A new product , NewsEdge , carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer ." COORDINATION(" A new product , NewsEdge , beeps whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user ." , " A new product , NewsEdge , flashes whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user ." ))
Input: And it works best in high-powered personal computers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year and provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Reuters , McGraw Hill , United Press International , two press release news wires and Japan 's Kyodo news service .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year ." COORDINATION(" The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Reuters ." , " The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with McGraw Hill ." , " The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with United Press International ." , " The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with two press release news wires ." , " The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Japan 's Kyodo news service ." ))
Input: And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And if a user is busy , he can set it for crisis mode : Do n't bother me with reports until Monday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That award ended a dispute between Dean Witter and Mr. Bachman over who was responsible for certain bond-trading losses around the time of the 1987 stock-market crash .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , office products and hardware , and home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , or $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , from $ 146.8 million , a year earlier ." , " The company , which also has businesses in office hardware , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , from $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier ." , " The company , which also has businesses in home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , from $ 146.8 million , a year earlier ." , " The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , from $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier ." , " The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , said net income rose to $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , a year earlier ." , " The company , which also has businesses in home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , a year earlier ." , " The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , said net income rose to $ 1.71 a share , from $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier ." COORDINATION(" The company , which also has businesses in office products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , from $ 146.8 million , a year earlier ." , " The company , which also has businesses in office hardware , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , from $ 146.8 million , a year earlier ." ))
Input: The average number of shares outstanding rose 2 % in the third quarter but was down 4 % for the nine months .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday , and Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday ." COORDINATION(" But a House Energy subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday ." , " But a House Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday ." ))
Input: It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules ." COORDINATION(" It may also intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends ." , " It may also intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds ." ))
Input: Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet ." COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat may back off from his recent moderation ." , " Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat may back off from his recent renunciation of terrorism ." ))
Input: Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication ." COORDINATION(" House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , I was speaking English at the time ." , " House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , I was quite loud so I could be understood ." ))
Input: But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But now , an official says , he is surrounded by right-to-lifers , who contend that any breakthroughs in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: COOPERATION WANES on weapons development between the U.S. and Europe .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , she proclaims .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A woman ought to have a choice in cases of rape , she proclaims ." , " A woman ought to have a choice in cases of incest , she proclaims ." COORDINATION(" A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life are in danger , she proclaims ." , " A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her health are in danger , she proclaims ." ))
Input: But Burns confesses in an interview : That 's not my handwriting .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , in addition to a crack team of sailors , Mr. Isler has lined up some real brass to help him finance the syndicate .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications ." COORDINATION(" Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman of Avis Inc ." , " Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Joseph B. Vittoria , chief executive of Avis Inc ." COORDINATION(" Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman ." , " Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , a former Cup victor ." )))
Input: But because of the uncertainty of the outcome of the suit , Mr. Conner 's team has done little to begin gearing up to defend its title .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million ." COORDINATION(" The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved , Mr. Smith said ." , " The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said ." ))
Input: A community of abandoned farmsteads , failing businesses , and crumbling roads and bridges is hardly a desirable one ... .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A community of abandoned farmsteads is hardly a desirable one ... ." , " A community of failing businesses is hardly a desirable one ... ." COORDINATION(" A community of crumbling roads is hardly a desirable one ... ." , " A community of crumbling bridges is hardly a desirable one ... ." ))
Input: But Judge Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled that the city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note ." COORDINATION(" The increasing likelihood that Cananea will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , analysts note ." , " The increasing likelihood that Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , analysts note ." ))
Input: But so-called outer month contracts finished higher .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But a flurry of late trading yesterday beefed up prices .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge .
Prediction: NONE
Input: For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued ." COORDINATION(" For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , the last thing we really need to worry about is whether they have liability ." , " For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , the last thing we really need to worry about is whether not ." ))
Input: But that wo n't stop plaintiffs ' lawyers from seeking a little room for maneuvering .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Therefore , engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard , and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Therefore , government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven ." COORDINATION(" Therefore , engineering firms can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard ." , " Therefore , construction contractors can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard ." , " Therefore , developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard ." ))
Input: Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether private companies could have prevented the damage ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state engineers could have prevented the damage ." , " Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether federal engineers could have prevented the damage ." ))
Input: But if defendants can prove that they met San Francisco 's stringent building codes , that 's probably going to protect them , Mr. Ruvolo says .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The state is protected when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert ." COORDINATION(" The state is protected when plans for public structures were approved ahead of time , says Mr. Covert ." , " The state is protected when designs for public structures were approved ahead of time , says Mr. Covert ." ))
Input: The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte and Touche world-wide and joined Coopers & Lybrand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The British Deloitte firm recently joined Coopers & Lybrand ." COORDINATION(" The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte world-wide ." , " The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Touche world-wide ." ))
Input: But other Bush administration officials have criticized Maryland Gov. William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , he added ." COORDINATION(" the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities , he added ." , " the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided training , he added ." ))
Input: Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in breaking through office walls .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills ." COORDINATION(" Occidental Petroleum Corp. stocks food at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters ." , " Occidental Petroleum Corp. stocks oxygen at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters ." , " Occidental Petroleum Corp. stocks non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters ." ))
Input: Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment ." , " Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks medical supplies ." COORDINATION(" Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks enough food to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park ." , " Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks enough water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park ." ))
Input: But two other major storms have threatened operations so far this year , most recently Hurricane Jerry this week .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among other things , the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And pregnant women are fat .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But many newspapers are facing similar comparisons .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the dollar was mixed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Wall Street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports during the next few weeks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: If so , that will cinch the case for another shot of credit-easing within a month or so .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the economy is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But many individual investors are leery about stocks because of fresh signs of fragility in the huge junk-bond market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Investors also are anxious about today 's witching hour , the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Investors also are anxious about today 's witching hour , the monthly expiration of options on individual stocks ." COORDINATION(" Investors also are anxious about today 's witching hour , the monthly expiration of stock-index futures ." , " Investors also are anxious about today 's witching hour , the monthly expiration of stock-index options ." ))
Input: But it fell to 1.8470 marks from 1.8485 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: 1 -RRB- Voters can buy one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 1 -RRB- Voters can buy one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Democratic brand that believes in big government ." , " 1 -RRB- Voters can buy one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Democratic brand that believes in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest ." COORDINATION(" 1 -RRB- Voters can buy one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state ." , " 1 -RRB- Voters can buy one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action ." ))
Input: 2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues -LRB- programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and\/or confers benefits on the population at large -RRB- and attending to local issues -LRB- constituency service and pork barrel -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- attending to local issues -LRB- constituency service -RRB- ." , " 2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- attending to local issues -LRB- pork barrel -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" 2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues -LRB- programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs -RRB- ." , " 2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues -LRB- programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that confers benefits on the population at large -RRB- ." ))
Input: An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 -LRB- when control of that body changed party hands -RRB- , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A cross-state econometric investigation , furthermore , reveals that , holding other factors constant , the difference between a state 's major-party vote going to the Republican gubernatorial candidate and the Republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger ." COORDINATION(" Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape ." , " Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of incest ." ))
Input: Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House ." COORDINATION(" a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health programs financed in the underlying bill ." , " a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of education programs financed in the underlying bill ." ))
Input: And in a footnote to the fall of House Speaker James Wright this year , the conference voted to rescind $ 11.8 million in unspent EDA funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project that figured in ethics charges against the former Democratic leader .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Fiscal pressures also forced the adoption of new fees charged by federal agencies , and an 18 % increase in the Securities and Exchange Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Fiscal pressures also forced the adoption of new fees charged by federal agencies ." COORDINATION(" an 18 % increase in the Securities Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees ." , " an 18 % increase in the Exchange Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees ." ))
Input: But yesterday 's agreement would make it easier for state governments to handle the promised aid by deferring for one year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year , and the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year ." COORDINATION(" the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research Center ." , " the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Action Center ." ))
Input: Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles , he said ." COORDINATION(" Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill , he said ." , " Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in winking at this person for slipping this in , he said ." ))
Input: Presidents Kennedy and Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power , but Congress saw its chance against a weakened President Nixon and stripped it away .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Congress saw its chance against a weakened President Nixon ." , " Congress stripped it away ." COORDINATION(" Presidents Kennedy were both big users of the impoundment power ." , " Presidents Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power ." ))
Input: Today a President can still send up spending rescissions , but they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today a President can still send up spending rescissions ." COORDINATION(" Today they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience ." , " Today they 're meaningless unless Congress changes its mind ." ))
Input: We 're told Senator Pryor is n't yet a co-sponsor , but if he and his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're told Senator Pryor is n't yet a co-sponsor ." COORDINATION(" if he are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up ." , " if his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up ." ))
Input: And California 's 45-member delegation in the House is expected to propose that emergency funds be added to a stop-gap spending bill that the House Appropriations Committee is to consider Monday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among the city 's banks , Bank of America said all but eight of its 850 branches were open .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Many streets and sidewalks buckled , and subterranean water mains and service connections ruptured .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" subterranean water mains ruptured ." , " subterranean service connections ruptured ." COORDINATION(" Many streets buckled ." , " Many sidewalks buckled ." ))
Input: He added that the Office of Management and Budget , the Transportation Department and other agencies are developing longer-term legislation that should be ready soon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added that the Transportation Department are developing longer-term legislation that should be ready soon ." , " He added that other agencies are developing longer-term legislation that should be ready soon ." COORDINATION(" He added that the Office of Management are developing longer-term legislation that should be ready soon ." , " He added that the Office of Budget are developing longer-term legislation that should be ready soon ." ))
Input: The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls , and marble facings and ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls ." COORDINATION(" marble facings at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor ." , " ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor ." ))
Input: At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said 142 claims were received in the first 24 hours after the quake , and the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 residential and 35,000 business policyholders in the affected area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said 142 claims were received in the first 24 hours after the quake ." COORDINATION(" At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 residential policyholders in the affected area ." , " At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 business policyholders in the affected area ." ))
Input: Claims range from a scratched fender -- and there were an awful lot of cars damaged in this -- to a major processing plant , a spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But lawmakers want to extend the period for 100 % federal funding for several months .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The state is calling in a flotilla of navy landing vessels and other boats to expand ferry service across the bay and hopes to add numerous new bus routes and train departures to help alleviate the traffic problem .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The state hopes to add numerous new bus routes to help alleviate the traffic problem ." , " The state hopes to add numerous new train departures to help alleviate the traffic problem ." COORDINATION(" The state is calling in a flotilla of navy landing vessels to expand ferry service across the bay ." , " The state is calling in a flotilla of other boats to expand ferry service across the bay ." ))
Input: Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways ." COORDINATION(" Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to travel late at night ." , " Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to travel during predawn hours ." ))
Input: The coalition would include the current Vietnamese-backed Hun Sen regime , the two non-communist resistance groups led by Son Sann and Prince Sihanouk , and the Khmer Rouge .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The coalition would include the current Vietnamese-backed Hun Sen regime ." , " The coalition would include the Khmer Rouge ." COORDINATION(" The coalition would include the two non-communist resistance groups led by Son Sann ." , " The coalition would include the two non-communist resistance groups led by Prince Sihanouk ." ))
Input: Within two years , the moderates were exiled or in prison , Nicaragua had gone communist , and the Sandinistas were building one of the biggest armies in Latin America and threatening their neighbors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Within two years , Nicaragua had gone communist ." COORDINATION(" Within two years , the Sandinistas were building one of the biggest armies in Latin America ." , " Within two years , the Sandinistas were threatening their neighbors ." COORDINATION(" Within two years , the moderates were exiled ." , " Within two years , the moderates were in prison ." )))
Input: Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , non-communist parties .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China , which still aids the Khmer Rouge .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But now the possibility of diplomatic movement -LRB- Vietnam 's withdrawal , the Baker initiative -RRB- has put that plan on hold , with the proviso that if the going got rough , the U.S. would then rearm the opposition .
Prediction: NONE
Input: FileNet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default and is reviewing its legal rights under the contract , but said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" FileNet said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute ." COORDINATION(" FileNet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default ." , " FileNet said it is reviewing its legal rights under the contract ." ))
Input: FileNet noted that it had cash and marketable securities totaling $ 22.5 million on Sept. 30 , and stockholders ' equity is $ 60.1 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" FileNet noted that stockholders ' equity is $ 60.1 million ." COORDINATION(" FileNet noted that it had cash totaling $ 22.5 million on Sept. 30 ." , " FileNet noted that it had marketable securities totaling $ 22.5 million on Sept. 30 ." ))
Input: But , he continues , They 're forgetting we 're all Texans .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And another thing -- real Texans drink Lipton iced tea .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And ad agencies insist that they do .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And deposits at NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , have increased $ 2 billion since last year after heavy advertising stressing commitment to Texas .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to arm for a revolution against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies .
Prediction: NONE
Input: So , do n't come and try to con us with a howdy y'all or a cowboy hat .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So , do n't come ." COORDINATION(" So , do n't try to con us with a howdy y'all ." , " So , do n't try to con us with a cowboy hat ." ))
Input: Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Dell said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third quarter ." , " Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the fourth quarter ." ))
Input: Some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip , the 486 -- but others apparently have been caused by Dell 's explosive growth and thinly stretched resources .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip , the 486 -- ." COORDINATION(" others apparently have been caused by Dell 's explosive growth ." , " others apparently have been caused by Dell 's thinly stretched resources ." ))
Input: The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by rapid overseas expansion ." COORDINATION(" The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research effort ." , " The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious development effort ." ))
Input: But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy ." COORDINATION(" But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost computers ." , " But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of reliable computers ." ))
Input: Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies and expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies ." COORDINATION(" Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it expects to report higher third-quarter revenue ." , " Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it expects to report higher third-quarter earnings ." ))
Input: This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million , or five cents a share , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business , and $ 22 million , or nine cents a share , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 22 million , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal ." , " This year 's nine-month results include gains of nine cents a share , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal ." COORDINATION(" This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business ." , " This year 's nine-month results include gains of five cents a share , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business ." ))
Input: Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term and force companies to reconsider expanding in or relocating to the Bay Area and California , real-estate and relocation specialists said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term , real-estate specialists said ." , " Tuesday 's earthquake will force companies to reconsider relocating to California , real-estate specialists said ." , " Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term , relocation specialists said ." COORDINATION(" Tuesday 's earthquake will force companies to reconsider expanding in the Bay Area , real-estate specialists said ." , " Tuesday 's earthquake will force companies to reconsider expanding in California , real-estate specialists said ." COORDINATION(" Tuesday 's earthquake will force companies to reconsider relocating to the Bay Area , real-estate specialists said ." )))
Input: This is n't going to help , said Kenneth T. Rosen , chairman of the Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of California at Berkeley .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices for a while .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices for a while ." COORDINATION(" Neither she nor other real-estate executives could project how much less Marina properties might bring ." , " Neither she nor other brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring ." ))
Input: Mr. Renzas , among others , said the quake will prod companies in certain industries , like semiconductors , computers and aerospace , to consider moving operations that involve particularly sensitive machinery to locations outside California .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba and in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings and subject to federal legislative authority .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Manitoba were subject to federal legislative authority ." , " The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings ." , " The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in the Atlantic coast provinces were subject to federal legislative authority ." COORDINATION(" The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Alberta were interprovincial undertakings ." , " The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Saskatchewan were interprovincial undertakings ." , " The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Manitoba were interprovincial undertakings ." ))
Input: But the partners did n't believe the market for the systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped .
Prediction: NONE
Input: James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision and a vice president of MCA , said that IBM and MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable , but that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision , said that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year ." , " James N. Fiedler , a vice president of MCA , said that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year ." , " James N. Fiedler , a vice president of MCA , said that IBM had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable ." COORDINATION(" James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision , said that IBM had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable ." , " James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision , said that MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable ." ))
Input: The morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers , but some institutions participated in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's firmness , traders said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" some institutions participated in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's firmness , traders said ." COORDINATION(" The morning session was dominated by individuals , traders said ." , " The morning session was dominated by dealers , traders said ." ))
Input: But traders said the market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy , as the future direction of U.S. interest rates remains unclear .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Dealers said the market was underpinned by a squeeze in FT-SE 100 stocks , particularly among market-makers seeking shares that had been hit hard in recent weeks , such as retailers and building-related concerns .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in
Prediction: NONE
Input: In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan , Amsterdam and Brussels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In other European markets , shares higher in Milan ." , " In other European markets , shares higher in Amsterdam ." , " In other European markets , shares higher in Brussels ." COORDINATION(" In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm ." , " In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Frankfurt ." , " In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Zurich ." , " In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Paris ." ))
Input: Prices also closed higher in Singapore , Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Hong Kong and Manila but were lower in Seoul .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices also were lower in Seoul ." COORDINATION(" Prices also closed higher in Singapore ." , " Prices also closed higher in Sydney ." , " Prices also closed higher in Taipei ." , " Prices also closed higher in Wellington ." , " Prices also closed higher in Hong Kong ." , " Prices also closed higher in Manila ." ))
Input: The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Mayor Art Agnos .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up ." COORDINATION(" The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president ." , " The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of groups of local officials ." ))
Input: And one White House official reported that Mr. Agnos had been very helpful in making arrangements for Mr. Bush 's hastily scheduled trip to California .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , the broker and his firm will be irreparably injured and their business will be totally and permanently destroyed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , their business will be totally destroyed ." , " The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , their business will be permanently destroyed ." COORDINATION(" The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , the broker will be irreparably injured ." , " The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , his firm will be irreparably injured ." ))
Input: Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called the unique role that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez ." COORDINATION(" Bush discussed what the president called the unique role that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe ." , " Bush discussed what the president called the unique role that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Latin America ." ))
Input: They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , or PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation , it could signal further easing by Fed ." COORDINATION(" They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , it could signal further easing by Fed ." , " They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is rising less rapidly than PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed ." ))
Input: The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The hotels will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , a director of the corporation ." , " The management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , a director of the corporation ." , " The management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president of the trust ." COORDINATION(" The hotels will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president of the trust ." , " The hotels will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , chief executive officer of the trust ." ))
Input: Value of the properties and management interests was n't disclosed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Baxter International Inc. , citing cost-cutting moves and increased sales of its home-care products and dialysis treatments , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Baxter International Inc. , citing cost-cutting moves , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost ." COORDINATION(" Baxter International Inc. , citing increased sales of its home-care products , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost ." , " Baxter International Inc. , citing increased sales of its dialysis treatments , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost ." ))
Input: In addition , the $ 3 billion bid includes $ 1 billion of debt that will be assumed by IMA , $ 600 million of high-yield junk bonds that will be sold by First Boston Corp. and $ 285 million of equity .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow , says Mark Cremonie , director of research for Capital Supervisors Inc. , a Chicago firm that manages $ 6.5 billion .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Capital Supervisors sold the last of its H&R Block holdings earlier this year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some money managers are doing just that .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Eugene Sit , president of Sit Investment Associates in Minneapolis , says , When we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to accelerate because of computerized tax filing and instant refunds -LRB- the customer gets a refund immediately but pays extra to the tax preparer , which waits for Uncle Sam 's check -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eugene Sit , president of Sit Investment Associates in Minneapolis , says , When we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to accelerate because of computerized tax filing ." COORDINATION(" Eugene Sit , president of Sit Investment Associates in Minneapolis , says , When we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to accelerate because of instant refunds -LRB- the customer gets a refund immediately -RRB- ." , " Eugene Sit , president of Sit Investment Associates in Minneapolis , says , When we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to accelerate because of instant refunds -LRB- the customer pays extra to the tax preparer , which waits for Uncle Sam 's check -RRB- ." ))
Input: But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth , Mr. Sit says .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He concedes H&R Block is well-entrenched and a great company , but says it does n't grow fast enough for us .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says it does n't grow fast enough for us ." COORDINATION(" He concedes H&R Block is well-entrenched ." , " He concedes H&R Block is a great company ." ))
Input: And he says Block 's other businesses are growing , although less consistently .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies ." COORDINATION(" Bristol-Myers Co. merged Oct. 4 ." , " Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 ." ))
Input: Glass sales to Canadian and European auto makers and sales of replacement auto glass in all markets increased .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" sales of replacement auto glass in all markets increased ." COORDINATION(" Glass sales to Canadian auto makers increased ." , " Glass sales to European auto makers increased ." ))
Input: Sony has agreed to buy both companies , but is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sony has agreed to buy both companies ." COORDINATION(" Sony is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Peter Guber ." , " Sony is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Jon Peters ." ))
Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But that 's less than Chrysler officials had hoped when they set ambitious production schedules for the Toledo plant earlier this year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year ." , " sales of the cars fell a steep 34.2 % early this month ." COORDINATION(" The Corsica make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet ." , " The Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet ." ))
Input: The shutdown will idle 2,000 hourly employees and eliminate production of about 1,300 medium and heavy duty trucks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The shutdown will idle 2,000 hourly employees ." COORDINATION(" The shutdown will eliminate production of about 1,300 medium duty trucks ." , " The shutdown will eliminate production of about 1,300 heavy duty trucks ." ))
Input: In addition , HealthVest said Bank of Tokyo Trust Co. also has notified it of a default and said it might take action to cure the default .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But other figures are surprising .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it has n't increased much relative to other assets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major -LCB- growing -RCB- household asset , is n't .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me .
Prediction: NONE
Input: These include office and residential real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , and Helmsley Hotels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include Helmsley Hotels ." COORDINATION(" These include office real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , ." , " These include residential real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , ." ))
Input: Industry sources estimate the agency brokers property and casualty premiums worth about $ 25 million annually , and has revenue , based on a standard 10 % commission rate , of about $ 2.5 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Industry sources estimate the agency has revenue , based on a standard 10 % commission rate , of about $ 2.5 million ." COORDINATION(" Industry sources estimate the agency brokers property premiums worth about $ 25 million annually ." , " Industry sources estimate the agency brokers casualty premiums worth about $ 25 million annually ." ))
Input: White women serve tea and coffee , and then wash the cups and saucers afterwards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" White women wash the cups afterwards ." , " White women wash the saucers afterwards ." COORDINATION(" White women serve tea ." , " White women serve coffee ." ))
Input: But here in Morgenzon , a sleepy town amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the fact that there are only 3,000 card-carrying Orange Workers may put them on the loony fringe .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But not here .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Fischer plows his own fields , sows his own corn and sunflowers , and feeds his own sheep .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Fischer plows his own fields ." , " Mr. Fischer feeds his own sheep ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Fischer sows his own corn ." , " Mr. Fischer sows his own sunflowers ." ))
Input: If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , says Mr. Verwoerd .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If apartheid means you also want to exclude the blacks from social integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , says Mr. Verwoerd ." , " If apartheid means you also want to exclude the blacks from political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , says Mr. Verwoerd ." COORDINATION(" If apartheid means you want cheap black labor , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , says Mr. Verwoerd ." , " If apartheid means you want all the comforts that go with it , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , says Mr. Verwoerd ." ))
Input: But my father meant it to mean real separation , says the son .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks ." COORDINATION(" many houses are empty ." , " many storefronts are empty ." ))
Input: And they will even serve it themselves .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But do n't do anything rash .
Prediction: NONE
Input: We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" we do n't think it will be ugly ." COORDINATION(" We expect a choppy market for a short period ." , " We expect a sloppy market for a short period ." ))
Input: But Mr. Clough says , The risk is that earnings disappointments will continue .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The economy is decelerating after six good years , and right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy is decelerating after six good years ." COORDINATION(" right now it 's better to shoot first ." , " right now it 's better to ask questions later ." ))
Input: Takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks tighten their lending requirements , he says .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But do n't pay 30 times earnings for a company that 's expected to grow at 15 % a year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , Michael W. O'Donnell , executive vice president of a Columbia unit , was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They are : James R. Eiszner , chairman of CPC International Inc. ." , " They are : James R. Eiszner , chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ." COORDINATION(" They are : Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman of Chemical Banking Corp ." , " They are : Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp ." COORDINATION(" They are : Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. ." , " They are : Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , president of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. ." , " They are : Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. ." COORDINATION(" They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old ." ))))
Input: But that drop was caused entirely by a decline in Brazilian interest paid , to $ 5 million from $ 54 million the second quarter .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That level is about the same as some other big banks , but far below the 85 % and 100 % reserves of Bankers Trust New York Corp. and J.P. Morgan & Co. , respectively .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That level is about the same as some other big banks ." , " That level is far below the 100 % reserves of J.P. Morgan & Co. , respectively ." COORDINATION(" That level is far below the 85 % reserves of Bankers Trust New York Corp. , respectively ." , " That level is far below the 85 % reserves of J.P. Morgan & Co. , respectively ." COORDINATION(" That level is far below the 100 % reserves of Bankers Trust New York Corp. , respectively ." )))
Input: But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The 4.52 % net interest margin , or the difference between the yield on a bank 's investments and the rate it pays for deposits and other borrowings , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , and is among the best in the industry , analysts said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 4.52 % net interest margin , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , analysts said ." , " the difference between the rate it pays for other borrowings , is among the best in the industry , analysts said ." , " The 4.52 % net interest margin , is among the best in the industry , analysts said ." COORDINATION(" the difference between the rate it pays for other borrowings , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , analysts said ." , " the difference between the rate it pays for deposits , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , analysts said ." COORDINATION(" the difference between the yield on a bank 's investments , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , analysts said ." )))
Input: In addition , Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But much will depend on how quickly IBM can move .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he said a system such as IBM 's should help significantly .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The No. 2 auto maker 's new Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced , and Ford 's trucks are losing ground to their GM rivals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ford 's trucks are losing ground to their GM rivals ." COORDINATION(" The No. 2 auto maker 's new Thunderbird models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced ." , " The No. 2 auto maker 's new Mercury Cougar models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced ." ))
Input: But the brand had trouble from the start .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But by the third quarter of 1988 , Scorpios had a high satisfaction rating in internal Ford studies , a spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Canadian Pacific and Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border and the two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service ." COORDINATION(" Canadian Pacific tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border ." , " Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border ." ))
Input: Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that nothing is at a mature stage .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that nothing is at a mature stage ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering a number of possible business ventures ." , " Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been discussing a number of possible business ventures ." ))
Input: The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments and other institutions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Accumulation Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses ." , " The Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses ." , " The Investment Group markets guaranteed investment contracts to other institutions ." COORDINATION(" The Accumulation Group markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments ." , " The Accumulation Group markets guaranteed investment contracts to other institutions ." ))
Input: a - Average rate paid yesterday by 100 large banks and thrifts in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by Bank Rate Monitor .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little , a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Margins are the difference between the yield on the company 's earning assets and its own cost of funds .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But revenue declined more than 2 % , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of credit services in the wake of controversy over the company 's sales practices .
Prediction: NONE
Input: For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated ." COORDINATION(" For example , he noted , nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million helped boost net income ." , " For example , he noted , a lower tax rate helped boost net income ." ))
Input: The time is Pacific Daylight Time , and the initials or nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The time is Pacific Daylight Time ." COORDINATION(" the initials are those subscribers use to identify themselves ." , " the nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves ." ))
Input: Got back to Bolinas , and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor , file cabinets open or dumped onto the floor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Got back to Bolinas ." COORDINATION(" everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor , file cabinets open ." , " everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor , file cabinets dumped onto the floor ." ))
Input: I felt the temblor begin and glanced at the table next to mine , smiled that guilty smile and we both mouthed the words , Earth-quake ! together .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" we both mouthed the words , Earth-quake ! together ." COORDINATION(" I felt the temblor begin ." , " I glanced at the table next to mine ." , " I smiled that guilty smile ." ))
Input: This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This time , it just got stronger ." COORDINATION(" the building started shaking violently up as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed ." , " the building started shaking violently down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed ." ))
Input: Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away .
Prediction: NONE
Input: No power , minimal phones , and a mess of mayonnaise , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People 's Co-op .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No power ." , " minimal phones ." , " a mess of wine all over the floors of the People 's Co-op ." COORDINATION(" a mess of mayonnaise all over the floors of the big old general store ." , " a mess of mayonnaise all over the floors of the People 's Co-op ." COORDINATION(" a mess of wine all over the floors of the big old general store ." , " a mess of everything else all over the floors of the big old general store ." )))
Input: It runs out frantically now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is clearly pretty distressed ." COORDINATION(" It runs out frantically now ." , " It runs out frantically then ." ))
Input: Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up and down , and the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door ." COORDINATION(" Then as things got rougher , we spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing down ." , " Then as things got rougher , we spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up ." COORDINATION(" Then as things got rougher , we spent the next few minutes outside watching the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm ." )))
Input: Power is back on , and UCSF -LCB- medical center -RCB- seems to have quieted down for the night -LRB- they were doing triage out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE
Input: I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I got home ." , " I let the dogs into the house ." COORDINATION(" I noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof ." , " I noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking upstairs ." ))
Input: Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Cupboard doors were flying ." , " the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet ." , " the dogs came running ." COORDINATION(" I scooted them into the dog run ." , " I stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete ." ))
Input: The Sunset -LCB- District -RCB- was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: We ran into the house to get Mame , but the next tremor threw me in the air and bounced me as I tried to get to my feet .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We ran into the house to get Mame ." COORDINATION(" the next tremor threw me in the air as I tried to get to my feet ." , " the next tremor bounced me as I tried to get to my feet ." ))
Input: Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight .
Prediction: NONE
Input: I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple , bundled into a blue sleeping bag , sat up , said , Good morning and then the woman smiled , said , Is n't it great just to be alive ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the performance exceeded some estimates of around $ 1.90 a share .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would hurt safety or reduce the carrier 's ability to compete , or if it gave control to a foreign interest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if it gave control to a foreign interest ." COORDINATION(" The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would hurt safety ." , " The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would reduce the carrier 's ability to compete ." ))
Input: But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday ." COORDINATION(" most other Asian markets closed sharply lower ." , " most other Pacific markets closed sharply lower ." ))
Input: But technical factors , including modest gains in the value of the pound , helped draw buying back into the market and reverse losses posted a day earlier .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among composite insurers , General Accident rose 10 pence to # 10.03 -LRB- $ 15.80 -RRB- a share , Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence , Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 , and Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs -LRB- $ 318.7 million -RRB- and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group Eurocom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs -LRB- $ 318.7 million -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is expanding commercial ties with advertising group Eurocom ." , " Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is expanding equity ties with advertising group Eurocom ." ))
Input: Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt , closed higher in Zurich , Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan , Paris and Brussels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt ." COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , prices were broadly lower in Milan ." , " Elsewhere , prices were broadly lower in Paris ." , " Elsewhere , prices were broadly lower in Brussels ." COORDINATION(" Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Zurich ." , " Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Stockholm ." , " Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam ." )))
Input: But last month new construction in all types of homes waned , from single-family houses to large apartment complexes .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Pfizer Inc. , based in New York , reported flat earnings .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company said net income was flat because of investment in research and development and costs related to launches of several products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said net income was flat because of costs related to launches of several products ." COORDINATION(" The company said net income was flat because of investment in research ." , " The company said net income was flat because of investment in development ." ))
Input: Sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat , and sales by the agriculture segment declined 5 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" sales by the agriculture segment declined 5 % ." COORDINATION(" Sales by the specialty chemicals science segments were flat ." , " Sales by the specialty materials science segments were flat ." ))
Input: During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL , a calcium channel blocker approved for both angina and hypertension , and Monorail Piccolino , used to open obstructed coronary arteries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Monorail Piccolino , used to open obstructed coronary arteries ." COORDINATION(" During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL , a calcium channel blocker approved for both angina , ." , " During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL , a calcium channel blocker approved for both hypertension , ." ))
Input: U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by allergy , asthma and cold products ; dermatological products ; anti-infectives and anti-cancer products ; and cardiovascular products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by dermatological products ." , " U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by cardiovascular products ." COORDINATION(" U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by anti-infectives ." , " U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by anti-cancer products ." COORDINATION(" U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by allergy products ." , " U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by asthma products ." , " U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by cold products ." )))
Input: You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million ." , " You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it is -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million ." COORDINATION(" You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it will continue to be for months -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million ." , " You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it will continue to be for years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million ." ))
Input: Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Charleston haughty , as he suggested ." COORDINATION(" Charleston is historic , as your reporter said ." , " Charleston is aristocratic , as your reporter said ." ))
Input: Charlestonians are instead indomitable and have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Charlestonians are instead indomitable ." COORDINATION(" Charlestonians have contributed mightily to the culture of our country for more than 300 years ." , " Charlestonians have contributed mightily to the history of our country for more than 300 years ." ))
Input: Affiliated said it expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 18.5 million from the sale of the credit-card business , which should more than offset any reduction in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But even in that short time Mr. Guzman Cabrera has become as controversial in his own way as his deposed predecessor , Joaquin Hernandez Galicia , known as La Quina .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Pemex managers are the ones most thrilled by the contract .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But when the Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized that an abrasive temperament threatened his career when his wife confided that similar behavior at home harmed their marriage .
Prediction: NONE
Input: She urges client couples to begin a detoxification period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She urges client couples to begin a detoxification period , setting time apart for themselves ." COORDINATION(" She urges client couples to begin a detoxification period , purging social activities ." , " She urges client couples to begin a detoxification period , purging other nonproductive activities ." ))
Input: And the Japanese make far more suggestions -- 2,472 per 100 eligible employees vs. only 13 per 100 employees in the
Prediction: NONE
Input: And security authority Robert L. Duston favors disciplining all employees who cheat .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Bank of New York Co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the credit-card business of Houston-based First City Bancorp. of Texas for between $ 130 million and $ 134 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company estimated that the transaction would enhance its book value , which stood at $ 28.55 a share on Sept. 30 , by more than $ 100 million , or about $ 4 a share .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He said the original proposal is dead , and all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in UAL 's market price , the amount of debt banks are willing to fund , and the price British Air would be willing to pay .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said the original proposal is dead ." COORDINATION(" He said all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in UAL 's market price ." , " He said all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the amount of debt banks are willing to fund ." , " He said all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the price British Air would be willing to pay ." ))
Input: These programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations and reviews of treatment during illnesses or recovery periods .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These programs vary widely ." COORDINATION(" These programs often require reviews of treatment during recovery periods ." , " These programs often require reviews of treatment during illnesses ." COORDINATION(" These programs often require second opinions on proposed surgery ." , " These programs often require preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations ." )))
Input: Between 50 % and 75 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans , up from 5 % five years ago .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The unnecessary and inappropriate use of the hospital , and not the actual need for a particular procedure , has been the main focus , the panel said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the actual need for a particular procedure , has been the main focus , the panel said ." COORDINATION(" The unnecessary use of the hospital , has been the main focus , the panel said ." , " The inappropriate use of the hospital , has been the main focus , the panel said ." ))
Input: David Rahill of A. Foster Higgins & Co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 5 % , but he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative and outpatient care costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" David Rahill of A. Foster Higgins & Co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 5 % ." COORDINATION(" he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative costs ." , " he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by outpatient care costs ." ))
Input: Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it reduces the wasteful use of resources , improves the appropriateness of patient care and imposes only reasonable burdens on patients and providers , the panel concluded .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it reduces the wasteful use of resources , the panel concluded ." , " Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it improves the appropriateness of patient care , the panel concluded ." COORDINATION(" Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it imposes only reasonable burdens on patients , the panel concluded ." , " Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it imposes only reasonable burdens on providers , the panel concluded ." ))
Input: Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 2.5 tons and 4.2 tons and will be built at Renault 's Bapilly plant in France and at DAF 's British plant .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will be built at Renault 's Bapilly plant in France ." , " Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will be built at DAF 's British plant ." COORDINATION(" Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 2.5 tons ." , " Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 4.2 tons ." ))
Input: Renault officials said the potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 700,000 and 800,000 vehicles annually , and Renault and DAF are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Renault officials said Renault are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % ." , " Renault officials said DAF are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % ." COORDINATION(" Renault officials said the potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 700,000 vehicles annually ." , " Renault officials said the potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 800,000 vehicles annually ." ))
Input: Or , a wage that was $ 100 30 years ago would buy only $ 23.53 worth of stuff today .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And that increase in the money supply would not have happened without the consent of the Federal Reserve .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Congress would be required to make a hard decision , and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Congress would be required to make a hard decision ." COORDINATION(" Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed ." , " Congress would much prefer to retain its rights of complaint after the fact ." ))
Input: But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is inflation ." COORDINATION(" But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment ." , " But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not rapid growth ." ))
Input: The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state ." COORDINATION(" The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape ." , " The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of incest ." ))
Input: But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation ." COORDINATION(" But that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum ." , " But that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement ." ))
Input: But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of public funds , personnel and facilities for abortion , and viability tests for fetuses 19 weeks and older .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on viability tests for fetuses 19 weeks ." , " In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on viability tests for fetuses older ." COORDINATION(" In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of public funds for abortion ." , " In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of personnel for abortion ." , " In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of facilities for abortion ." ))
Input: This legislative activity comes as both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts , plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey , and girding for next autumn 's state elections .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This legislative activity comes as both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts ." , " This legislative activity comes as both sides are girding for next autumn 's state elections ." COORDINATION(" This legislative activity comes as both sides are plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia ." , " This legislative activity comes as both sides are plunging into gubernatorial races in New Jersey ." ))
Input: These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control and sex selection , and the public funding of alternatives for abortion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include the public funding of alternatives for abortion ." COORDINATION(" These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control ." , " These include bans on the use of abortion for sex selection ." ))
Input: Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate ." COORDINATION(" the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members ." , " the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both the executive branch ." ))
Input: More than $ 1.8 million is allocated for pensions and expenses for former presidents , and the budget for the official residence of Vice President Quayle is more than doubled , with $ 200,000 designated for improvements to the property .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the budget for the official residence of Vice President Quayle is more than doubled , with $ 200,000 designated for improvements to the property ." COORDINATION(" More than $ 1.8 million is allocated for pensions for former presidents ." , " More than $ 1.8 million is allocated for expenses for former presidents ." ))
Input: Investigation and taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion , and Congress specifically added $ 7.4 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money laundering related to drug traffic .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Congress specifically added $ 7.4 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money laundering related to drug traffic ." COORDINATION(" Investigation accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion ." , " taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion ." ))
Input: Repeal is considered likely now , but the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Repeal is considered likely now ." COORDINATION(" the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue ." , " the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to block any action in the interim ." ))
Input: In a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. , Miss . -RRB- and Sen. Dale Bumpers -LRB- D. , Ark . -RRB- in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A House-Senate conference reached agreement Oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill , but final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A House-Senate conference reached agreement Oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill ." COORDINATION(" final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers ." , " final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical pesticides ." ))
Input: The 79-year-old Mississippian takes a more orthodox , entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use , but as a master of pork-barrel politics , he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to Arkansas from a Tennessee center near Memphis and the northern Mississippi border .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 79-year-old Mississippian takes a more orthodox , entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use ." COORDINATION(" as a master of pork-barrel politics , he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to Arkansas from a Tennessee center near Memphis ." , " as a master of pork-barrel politics , he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to Arkansas from a Tennessee center near the northern Mississippi border ." ))
Input: But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims .
Prediction: NONE
Input: To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by floating its big paper business via share issues to existing holders ." , " To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by floating its big U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders ." COORDINATION(" To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field ." , " To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Saks ." ))
Input: But B.A.T 's restructuring , which was never going to happen quickly , now will take longer because of the market upheaval .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the delay could happen if B.A.T does n't get adequate bids , he said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But rail , air and ocean-shipping links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , and many are expected to be operating normally today , government and corporate transport officials said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But rail links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , corporate transport officials said ." , " many are expected to be operating normally today , government transport officials said ." , " many are expected to be operating normally today , corporate transport officials said ." COORDINATION(" But rail links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , government transport officials said ." , " But air links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , government transport officials said ." , " But ocean-shipping links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , government transport officials said ." ))
Input: But freight railroads reported that damage to their facilities was relatively minor , with Santa Fe Pacific Corp. 's rail unit the least affected by the quake .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That railroad is operating trains but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Southern Pacific Transportation Co. , the hardest hit of the three railroads in the Bay area , said service on its north-south coastline , which is used by an Amtrak train between Los Angeles and Seattle , was suspended temporarily because of kinked rails near the epicenter of the quake .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But service on the line is expected to resume by noon today .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Runways at San Francisco were n't damaged , but traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 arrivals and 27 departures an hour -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally -- mainly because the noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows , an FAA spokeswoman said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Runways at San Francisco were n't damaged , an FAA spokeswoman said ." COORDINATION(" traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 arrivals an hour -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally -- mainly because the noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows , an FAA spokeswoman said ." , " traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 departures an hour -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally -- mainly because the noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows , an FAA spokeswoman said ." ))
Input: While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Sacramento and Stockton , Calif. ; Reno and Las Vegas , Nev. ; and Los Angeles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Los Angeles ." COORDINATION(" While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Reno , Nev. ." , " While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Las Vegas , Nev. ." COORDINATION(" While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Sacramento , Calif. ." , " While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Stockton , Calif. ." )))
Input: Yesterday , the United ticket counter was active , with people trying to get flights out , but the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help family and friends .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Yesterday , the United ticket counter was active , with people trying to get flights out , ." COORDINATION(" the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help family ." , " the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help friends ." ))
Input: A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights into and out of San Francisco were n't affected , but getting information about its operations was difficult .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Japan Air Lines spokesman said getting information about its operations was difficult ." COORDINATION(" A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights into San Francisco were n't affected ." , " A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights out of San Francisco were n't affected ." ))
Input: Among the brands for sale are Beefeater gin , the No. 2 imported gin in the U.S. , and Laphroaig single-malt whiskey .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals amid widespread consolidation in the industry .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Now , it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now , it wants to concentrate on beer ." COORDINATION(" Now , it wants to concentrate on its newer hotel operations ." , " Now , it wants to concentrate on its newer restaurant operations ." ))
Input: But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury ." COORDINATION(" Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at Federal Reserve banks ." , " Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at Federal Reserve branches ." ))
Input: But an uninvited guest is expected to try to crash the party .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves ." COORDINATION(" Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations ." , " Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of personal computers ." , " Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of printers ." , " Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of other devices ." ))
Input: And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Digital is expected to tag its new line from about $ 1.24 million to $ 4.4 million and up , depending on configuration .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 1991 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The frenetic stock and bond markets cooled off , but the dollar slumped .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the dollar slumped ." COORDINATION(" The frenetic stock markets cooled off ." , " The frenetic bond markets cooled off ." ))
Input: But the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell for the seventh-consecutive session as more investors dumped UAL shares .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But when stocks held steady , Treasury bonds later retreated .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But many investors remain wary about stocks , partly because they expect continued turbulence in the junk-bond market that would make it more difficult to finance corporate takeovers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But when it does matter , then it 's the only thing that matters .
Prediction: NONE
Input: AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be disappointing as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins and increased fuel costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income ." COORDINATION(" AMR Corp. said the fourth quarter will be disappointing as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins ." , " AMR Corp. said the fourth quarter will be disappointing as well , primarily because of increased fuel costs ." ))
Input: Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning ill-conceived and reckless bids and saying it was pleased that Mr. Trump had backed out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement saying it was pleased that Mr. Trump had backed out ." COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning ill-conceived bids ." , " Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning reckless bids ." ))
Input: AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : Ill-considered acquisition proposals are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... ." , " AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : reckless acquisition proposals are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... ." , " AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee relationships ... ." COORDINATION(" AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : Ill-considered acquisition proposals adversely affect employee relationships ... ." , " AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : Ill-considered acquisition proposals adversely affect financial relationships ... ." , " AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : Ill-considered acquisition proposals adversely affect business relationships ... ." ))
Input: But , he added , Since the late 1960s , the distribution of income has been slowly getting less equal .
Prediction: NONE
Input: There was no reversal -LCB- of that trend -RCB- between 1987 and 1988 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the median income of American families fell 0.2 % , the first time it has failed to rise since 1982 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of female-headed families and a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size , including the rising number of female-headed families ." , " Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family structure , including the rising number of female-headed families ." ))
Input: But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white .
Prediction: NONE
Input: -- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 after inflation .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It rose sharply in the Northeast and Midwest and fell slightly in the South and West .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It fell slightly in the South ." , " It fell slightly in the West ." COORDINATION(" It rose sharply in the Northeast ." , " It rose sharply in the Midwest ." ))
Input: -- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 6.8 % while income of whites did n't budge .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The bureau said some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 1988 -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in telecommunications ." , " Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been president , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in telecommunications ." , " Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in telecommunications ." , " Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in international venture capital ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste ." , " Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in recycling ." ))
Input: But yesterday , as Atlantis rumbled into a patch of clear sky above Florida with storm clouds closing in on it , NASA sought to turn Galileo into a symbol of triumph .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the cosmic paradox of life : Jupiter and other bodies in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth , but these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the cosmic paradox of life : Jupiter are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth ; Earth , on the other hand , is rich in life ." , " Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the cosmic paradox of life : these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material ." , " Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the cosmic paradox of life : these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , is rich in life ." COORDINATION(" Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the cosmic paradox of life : Jupiter are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material ." , " Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the cosmic paradox of life : other bodies in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material ." ))
Input: An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars , called the launch fantastic .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap , called the launch fantastic ." COORDINATION(" An ebullient Mr. Johnson , carrying a camera , called the launch fantastic ." , " An ebullient Mr. Johnson , carrying binoculars , called the launch fantastic ." ))
Input: But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Rep. John Bryant -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- , the lead counsel for the House managers who conducted a lengthy inquiry into Judge Hastings ' activities , said a mountain of evidence points to his certain guilt .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The report provides detailed documentation of the extent of the problem , said Joseph Genova , a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy ." , " The report indicates how we may want to shape solutions , said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey ." , " The report indicates how we may want to shape solutions , said Joseph Genova , a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy ." COORDINATION(" The report provides detailed documentation of the extent of the problem , said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey ." , " The report provides detailed documentation of the nature of the problem , said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey ." ))
Input: Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits -LRB- 22 % -RRB- , consumer fraud -LRB- 15.4 % -RRB- , and health-care issues -LRB- 15 % -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included consumer fraud -LRB- 15.4 % -RRB- ." , " Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included health-care issues -LRB- 15 % -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining public benefits -LRB- 22 % -RRB- ." , " Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty maintaining public benefits -LRB- 22 % -RRB- ." ))
Input: The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale and therefore does not trigger costly transfer taxes and reappraisal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale ." COORDINATION(" The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it does not trigger costly transfer taxes ." , " The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it does not trigger costly reappraisal ." ))
Input: But Japanese institutions shied away from bidding on the high-profile tower out of fear their purchase of the property would trigger anti-Japanese sentiment .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , Tandy will acquire rights to the Victor and Micronic names for computers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street , which is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Department of Housing and Urban Development prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless , the Agriculture Department was set to divert food from the school-lunch program to earthquake victims , and the Pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood transfusions to military police for directing traffic .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the Agriculture Department was set to divert food from the school-lunch program to earthquake victims ." , " the Pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood transfusions to military police for directing traffic ." COORDINATION(" The Department of Housing prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless ." , " The Department of Urban Development prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless ." ))
Input: In Hugo 's wake , Congress allocated $ 1.1 billion in relief funds , and White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said $ 273 million of that money remains and could be diverted for quick expenditures related to the earthquake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Hugo 's wake , Congress allocated $ 1.1 billion in relief funds ." COORDINATION(" White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said $ 273 million of that money remains ." , " White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said $ 273 million of that money could be diverted for quick expenditures related to the earthquake ." ))
Input: But Mr. Fitzwater said , There will be , I think quite obviously , a very large amount of money required from all levels of government .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And in the confusion after the earthquake , the information flow is a little slow coming in from the affected area , said Carl Suchocki , a FEMA spokesman .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" some community-development funds may be made available for emergency use ." COORDINATION(" some housing funds may be shifted from other programs ." , " some housing funds may be made available for emergency use ." COORDINATION(" some community-development funds may be shifted from other programs ." COORDINATION(" Additional housing vouchers will be made available ." , " Additional certificates will be made available ." ))))
Input: And the Treasury said residents of the San Francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds even if they have n't held them for the minimum six-month period .
Prediction: NONE
Input: By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional physicians to California ." , " By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional communications equipment to California ." , " By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional FEMA personnel to California ." COORDINATION(" By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue supplies to California ." , " By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional medical supplies to California ." ))
Input: In addition , 20 military police from the Presidio , a military base in San Francisco , are assisting with traffic control , and a Navy ship was moved from a naval station at Treasure Island near the Bay Bridge to San Francisco to help fight fires .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And federal officials are promising to move rapidly with federal highway aid to rebuild the area 's severely damaged road system .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state set tougher standards for bridges , and with federal aid , began a program to retrofit highways and bridges for earthquake hazards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state set tougher standards for bridges ." COORDINATION(" Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state with federal aid , began a program to retrofit highways for earthquake hazards ." , " Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state with federal aid , began a program to retrofit bridges for earthquake hazards ." ))
Input: But how much will shoppers benefit ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But do n't expect too much in the way of price breaks soon at the supermarket .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the utility may not continue next year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , for an extra $ 6 , Land 's End will deliver orders within two days ; customers can designate the day .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But attention also rivets on who finishes last , and Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But attention also rivets on who finishes last ." COORDINATION(" Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 -- is certainly in the running ." , " Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running ." ))
Input: General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation and material service segments , an earnings recovery in submarine operations , and higher military aircraft sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" General Dynamics credited an earnings recovery in submarine operations ." , " General Dynamics credited higher military aircraft sales ." COORDINATION(" General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation segments ." , " General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its material service segments ." ))
Input: Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to raise prices with distributors and to hold market share against Microsoft and other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in Release 3 's launch , Mr. Sherlund added .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to raise prices with distributors , Mr. Sherlund added ." COORDINATION(" Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to hold market share against Microsoft , Mr. Sherlund added ." , " Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to hold market share against other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in Release 3 's launch , Mr. Sherlund added ." ))
Input: He estimated that 1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet by four-to-one in the quarter , and held a 70 % or better share of the spreadsheet market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He estimated that 1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet by four-to-one in the quarter ." COORDINATION(" He estimated that 1-2-3 held a 70 % share of the spreadsheet market ." , " He estimated that 1-2-3 held a better share of the spreadsheet market ." ))
Input: Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water from broken pipes and clearing ceiling tiles and other debris from factory floors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses ." , " Personnel spent the morning mopping up water from broken pipes ." COORDINATION(" Personnel spent the morning clearing ceiling tiles from factory floors ." , " Personnel spent the morning clearing other debris from factory floors ." ))
Input: Still , many were confident that in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , according to a spokeswoman for the Semiconductor Industry Association , based in Cupertino .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the microelectronics business , the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Several engineering and research offices needed closer scrutiny to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling , but the bulk of the place is in pretty good shape , an official said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the bulk of the place is in pretty good shape , an official said ." COORDINATION(" Several engineering offices needed closer scrutiny to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling , an official said ." , " Several research offices needed closer scrutiny to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling , an official said ." ))
Input: And the egg producers have done a pretty good job .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But when Mr. Maynard came forward with his machine in the early 1970s nobody else was offering them in the U.S. .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he says that 's no more a reason for banning Egg Kings than bad drivers are a reason for banning cars .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said that there was little likelihood of a health problem as long as instructions were followed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But on the evidence of The Fabulous Baker Boys , that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship -LRB- Feelings is a must -RRB- without condescension .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets the best comic bits and to wear glamorous dresses and spiked heels the boys are pretty great , too .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets the best comic bits the boys are pretty great , too ." COORDINATION(" Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets to wear glamorous dresses the boys are pretty great , too ." , " Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets to wear spiked heels the boys are pretty great , too ." ))
Input: Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night -LRB- he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" he dutifully shows up for work night after night -LRB- he consoles himself with booze -RRB- ." , " he dutifully shows up for work night after night -LRB- he consoles himself by showing up at the last minute -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played ." , " Yet Jack 's the one who can remember when ." ))
Input: Looking leaner than he has in a while , the younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is sexy and cynical and a far sadder case than Frank , who 's managed to chisel his dreams to fit reality without feeling too cheated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Looking leaner than he has in a while , the younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is a far sadder case than Frank , who 's managed to chisel his dreams to fit reality without feeling too cheated ." COORDINATION(" Looking leaner than he has in a while , the younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is sexy ." , " Looking leaner than he has in a while , the younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is cynical ." ))
Input: And if I think that some people -LCB- on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's -RCB- staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And one of our charges is to be an ombudsman for our area .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And if we 're not ombudsman for our area , we ought to be thrown out of office .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Most short-term certificates of deposit are yielding about 8 % or less at major banks , and the yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction fell to 7.61 % for three months and 7.82 % for six months .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most short-term certificates of deposit are yielding about 8 % or less at major banks ." COORDINATION(" the yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction fell to 7.61 % for three months ." , " the yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction fell to 7.82 % for six months ." ))
Input: whose Della Femina McNamee WCRS agency created liar Joe Isuzu , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to Paris-based Eurocom .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom ." COORDINATION(" It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina ." , " It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency headed jointly by two top WCRS executives ." ))
Input: The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in New York , Eurocom 's various agencies in France , the Belier Group in Europe and WCRS 's other advertising and direct marketing operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in New York ." , " The merged agency will include Eurocom 's various agencies in France ." , " The merged agency will include the Belier Group in Europe ." COORDINATION(" The merged agency will include WCRS 's other advertising operations ." , " The merged agency will include WCRS 's direct marketing operations ." ))
Input: Still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen .
Prediction: NONE
Input: What 's more , both Eurocom and brothers Francis and Gilbert Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What 's more , both Eurocom will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat ." COORDINATION(" What 's more , both brothers Francis Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat ." , " What 's more , both brothers Gilbert Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat ." ))
Input: They and other top executives signed long-term employment contracts and Mr. Della Femina will receive an additional multimillion-dollar sum , which some industry executives pegged at about $ 10 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Della Femina will receive an additional multimillion-dollar sum , which some industry executives pegged at about $ 10 million ." COORDINATION(" They signed long-term employment contracts ." , " other top executives signed long-term employment contracts ." ))
Input: In addition to Carat , WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But WCRS added that in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets , it has arranged medium-term debt financing , which would be underwritten by Samuel Montagu & Co. Ltd .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Staffers at Thompson , whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic shampoo and conditioner and Aqua Net hairspray .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Aqua Net hairspray ." COORDINATION(" Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic shampoo ." , " Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic conditioner ." ))
Input: No doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No doubt many of his ideas are worthy ." COORDINATION(" ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly ." , " ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more efficiently ." ))
Input: HUD says the project does n't qualify , and Mr. Kemp says that rock 'n' roll musicians and the music industry ought to put up the money .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HUD says the project does n't qualify ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Kemp says that rock 'n' roll musicians ought to put up the money ." , " Mr. Kemp says that the music industry ought to put up the money ." ))
Input: At the hearing , Rep. Oakar started wailing about phoney baloney regulations that would stand between her and housing for downtown Cleveland .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That includes the CDBG funds and the Federal Housing Administration , which loans out money for private home mortgages and has just been discovered to be $ 4 billion in the hole .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That includes the CDBG funds ." COORDINATION(" That includes the Federal Housing Administration , which loans out money for private home mortgages ." , " That includes the Federal Housing Administration , which has just been discovered to be $ 4 billion in the hole ." ))
Input: Some HUD money actually does trickle down to the poor , and zeroing out housing middlemen would free up more money for public housing tenants to manage and even own their units .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some HUD money actually does trickle down to the poor ." COORDINATION(" zeroing out housing middlemen would free up more money for public housing tenants to manage their units ." , " zeroing out housing middlemen would free up more money for public housing tenants to own their units ." ))
Input: It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD or just tighten a few screws here and there .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD ." COORDINATION(" It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to tighten a few screws here ." , " It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to tighten a few screws there ." ))
Input: And by the early 1980s U.S. capitalists had ample reason to welcome junk bonds , to look the other way .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 and the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 and 8 % in 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 ." COORDINATION(" the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 ." , " the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8 % in 1987 ." ))
Input: But of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The profit rate is still low ." COORDINATION(" the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 ." , " the Q ratio 68.9 % in 1988 ." ))
Input: But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history -LRB- in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity -RRB- for society to continue shielding its eyes .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mainstream economists , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with the weaker gone to the wall ." , " Mainstream commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with the weaker gone to the wall ." , " Mainstream commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring profits ." COORDINATION(" Mainstream economists , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity ." , " Mainstream economists , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring profits ." ))
Input: But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there are signs now -- the strikes by miners , Boeing workers , telephone workers , etc. -- that this attack on wages is being more fiercely resisted .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But sophistication has its limits .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks ." COORDINATION(" there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here ." , " there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that history is over ." ))
Input: Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and ground-cargo and air-cargo systems .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers ." COORDINATION(" Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate ground-cargo systems ." , " Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate air-cargo systems ." ))
Input: They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen -LRB- $ 140 million -RRB- in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Many airlines are talking about cargo ventures , and there have been rumors about such a tie between JAL and European airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many airlines are talking about cargo ventures ." COORDINATION(" there have been rumors about such a tie between JAL ." , " there have been rumors about such a tie between European airlines ." ))
Input: Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters and 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both freight and passengers on the main deck .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters ." COORDINATION(" Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both freight on the main deck ." , " Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both passengers on the main deck ." ))
Input: In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities and Exchange Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the American , New York and Philadelphia stock exchanges and to the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the Chicago Board Options Exchange ." , " In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Exchange Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the Chicago Board Options Exchange ." , " In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Exchange Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the American stock exchanges ." COORDINATION(" In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the American stock exchanges ." , " In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the New York stock exchanges ." , " In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the Philadelphia stock exchanges ." ))
Input: Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options ." COORDINATION(" Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American exchanges ." , " Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the New York exchanges ." , " Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the Philadelphia exchanges ." ))
Input: But professionals said throughout the day that the shutdown would n't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Charles Daggs , chairman and chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Charles Daggs , chairman of Sutro & Co. , said traders learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there ." , " Charles Daggs , chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. , said traders learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there ." , " Charles Daggs , chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road conditions -- ." COORDINATION(" Charles Daggs , chairman of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road conditions -- ." , " Charles Daggs , chairman of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain traffic conditions -- ." ))
Input: But Dale Irvine , director of the emergency center , said service was being restored to outlying San Francisco areas .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM 's per-share earnings for the full year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Brokerage houses jumped in , touting post-quake demand stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brokerage houses jumped in , touting post-quake demand stocks ." COORDINATION(" Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice ." , " Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need help in transferring funds ." ))
Input: But home-building stocks were a mixed bag .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Other gainers were companies with one or more undamaged California refineries .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Peters , a LaSalle Street legend among the post-World War II generation of commodity traders , was rumored to have amassed a multimillion-dollar fortune from commodity trading and other activities by the time he died in May .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But I do n't want any of that oil for my grandkids .
Prediction: NONE
Input: She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices , nutritional and environmental concerns , and other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty ." , " She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty ." COORDINATION(" She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts nutritional concerns ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty ." , " She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts environmental concerns ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty ." ))
Input: Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale ." COORDINATION(" Coke are all the same to me ." , " Pepsi are all the same to me ." ))
Input: Marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives ." COORDINATION(" Marketers speculate that more affluent people do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality ." , " Marketers speculate that more affluent people do n't have time to research the products they buy for the most reasonable price ." ))
Input: Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , he says , but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The BBDO Worldwide ad agency studied brand parity and found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly credit cards , paper towels , dry soups and snack chips .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The BBDO Worldwide ad agency studied brand parity ." COORDINATION(" The BBDO Worldwide ad agency found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly credit cards ." , " The BBDO Worldwide ad agency found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly paper towels ." , " The BBDO Worldwide ad agency found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly dry soups ." , " The BBDO Worldwide ad agency found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly snack chips ." ))
Input: Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But given such strong brand disloyalty , some marketers are putting renewed emphasis on image advertising .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But most companies are too afraid to take that chance .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And perhaps with good reason .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 ." COORDINATION(" The Kraft General Foods brand gave up several market share points ." , " The Kraft General Foods brand gave up its leadership position in the coffee business ." ))
Input: But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share ." COORDINATION(" But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House is running neck with archrival Folgers ." , " But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House is running neck with archrival Folgers ." ))
Input: They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day or two .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among the insurance stocks , big gainers included American International Group , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 ; General Re Corp. , up $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 ; Aetna , up $ 2.375 to $ 59.50 ; and Marsh & McLennan Inc. , up $ 3.125 to $ 75.875 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He said Jaguar started negotiating with GM and several other car makers over a year ago , but the rest dropped by the wayside ever since the share price went above # 4 -LRB- $ 6.30 -RRB- a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said the rest dropped by the wayside ever since the share price went above # 4 -LRB- $ 6.30 -RRB- a share ." COORDINATION(" He said Jaguar started negotiating with GM over a year ago ." , " He said Jaguar started negotiating with several other car makers over a year ago ." ))
Input: BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of debt refinancing , the recent acquisition of a cellular and paging property and rate reductions in its Southeast territory .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of debt refinancing ." , " BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of rate reductions in its Southeast territory ." COORDINATION(" BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of the recent acquisition of a cellular property ." , " BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of the recent acquisition of a paging property ." ))
Input: The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs ." COORDINATION(" The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , ." , " The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by five cents a share , ." ))
Input: In addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana .
Prediction: NONE
Input: At Ameritech , based in Chicago , customer access lines increased by 402,000 , or 2.6 % , and cellular mobile lines increased by 80,000 , or 62.3 % , for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Ameritech , based in Chicago , cellular mobile lines increased by 80,000 , for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 ." , " At Ameritech , based in Chicago , cellular mobile lines increased by 62.3 % , for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 ." COORDINATION(" At Ameritech , based in Chicago , customer access lines increased by 402,000 , for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 ." , " At Ameritech , based in Chicago , customer access lines increased by 2.6 % , for the 12-month period ended Sept. 30 ." ))
Input: Local service revenue increased 3.5 % and directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Local service revenue increased 3.5 % ." COORDINATION(" directory revenue jumped 9.5 % ." , " unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % ." ))
Input: But as the outcry faded by the spring of 1988 , they resumed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In it , traders buy or sell stocks and offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts to profit from fleeting price discrepancies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In it , traders offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts to profit from fleeting price discrepancies ." COORDINATION(" In it , traders buy stocks to profit from fleeting price discrepancies ." , " In it , traders sell stocks to profit from fleeting price discrepancies ." ))
Input: The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Friday and Monday , or the type of strategies used .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Big Board declined to name the type of strategies used ." COORDINATION(" The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Friday ." , " The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Monday ." ))
Input: But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days .
Prediction: NONE
Input: By Monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But stunning volatility was produced in the process .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , or $ 3.65 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Valley National Corp. suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings ." COORDINATION(" Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , ." , " Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 3.65 a share , ." ))
Input: Valley National said it made the decision on the basis of an overall assessment of the marketplace and the condition of its loan portfolio and after reviewing it with federal regulators .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Valley National said it made the decision after reviewing it with federal regulators ." COORDINATION(" Valley National said it made the decision on the basis of an overall assessment of the marketplace ." , " Valley National said it made the decision on the basis of an overall assessment of the condition of its loan portfolio ." ))
Input: And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But these wide swings scare them to death .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But those dollars have been going into such safe products as money market funds , which do n't generate much in the way of commissions for the brokerage firms .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And before last Friday , they were actually making modest progress .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But there did seem to be a retail activity pickup .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Friday did n't help things , says Mr. Schaefer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Subsequent margins set by agreement between NatWest and Merrill .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984 , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home ." COORDINATION(" The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free to pay education expenses ." , " The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free to pay medical expenses ." ))
Input: But this quake was n't the big one , the replay of 1906 that has been feared for so many years .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , and damage estimated in the billions , most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , most businesses in the Bay area were n't greatly affected ." , " Despite damage estimated in the billions , most businesses in the Bay area were n't greatly affected ." , " Despite damage estimated in the billions , their offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected ." COORDINATION(" Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , their plants in the Bay area were n't greatly affected ." , " Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , their offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected ." ))
Input: A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley and more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco and Oakland .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley ." COORDINATION(" A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco ." , " A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- more than 50 miles from Oakland ." ))
Input: The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state and accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto ." COORDINATION(" The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto ." , " The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto ." ))
Input: A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system -LRB- BART -RRB- -- which was working but was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off and the area was being checked for gas leaks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system -LRB- BART -RRB- -- which was working ." COORDINATION(" A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system -LRB- BART -RRB- -- which was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off ." , " A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system -LRB- BART -RRB- -- which was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because the area was being checked for gas leaks ." ))
Input: Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings , an emergency relief spokesman says ." COORDINATION(" Other roads were obstructed by damaged water lines , an emergency relief spokesman says ." , " Other roads were obstructed by damaged power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says ." ))
Input: But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper , few reported any damage that they did n't expect to have remedied within a day or two .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas and Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday , and absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force , about twice normal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force , about twice normal ." COORDINATION(" But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas by 6 a.m. yesterday ." , " But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday ." ))
Input: There will be a big influx of federal dollars and gains in state , federal and local employment , Ms. Mace says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There will be a big influx of federal dollars , Ms. Mace says ." COORDINATION(" There will be gains in state employment , Ms. Mace says ." , " There will be gains in federal employment , Ms. Mace says ." , " There will be gains in local employment , Ms. Mace says ." ))
Input: But any increase is n't likely to be any kind of a surge .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted ." COORDINATION(" The first effects are , of course , negative as people lose income ." , " The first effects are , of course , negative as people cut spending ." ))
Input: The impact on the insurance industry will be big and harsh , but less than -LCB- Hurricane -RCB- Hugo , says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The impact on the insurance industry will be less than -LCB- Hurricane -RCB- Hugo , says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake ." COORDINATION(" The impact on the insurance industry will be big , says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake ." , " The impact on the insurance industry will be harsh , says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake ." ))
Input: Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Byrne says after taxes , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million ." , " Mr. Byrne says after use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million ." ))
Input: Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos and 35,000 businesses in the Bay area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Fireman 's Fund insures 35,000 businesses in the Bay area ." COORDINATION(" Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes in the Bay area ." , " Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 autos in the Bay area ." ))
Input: But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The heart of the earthquake , 6.9 on the Richter scale , was 50 miles to the south , near Santa Cruz , but its terrible fist struck here on the Nimitz Freeway , a major artery serving the Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The heart of the earthquake , 6.9 on the Richter scale , was 50 miles to the south , near Santa Cruz , ." COORDINATION(" its terrible fist struck here on the Nimitz Freeway , a major artery serving the Bay Bridge between Oakland ." , " its terrible fist struck here on the Nimitz Freeway , a major artery serving the Bay Bridge between San Francisco ." ))
Input: In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage ." , " In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday cleaning up ." COORDINATION(" In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday trying to find friends ." , " In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday trying to find neighbors ." ))
Input: At the state and local level , the bonds are subject to surtaxes and estate , inheritance and gift taxes , but exempt from taxation as to principal and interest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the local level , the bonds are subject to surtaxes ." , " At the local level , the bonds are subject to estate taxes ." , " At the local level , the bonds are exempt from taxation as to interest ." COORDINATION(" At the state level , the bonds are subject to estate taxes ." , " At the state level , the bonds are subject to inheritance taxes ." , " At the state level , the bonds are subject to gift taxes ." COORDINATION(" At the state level , the bonds are exempt from taxation as to principal ." , " At the state level , the bonds are exempt from taxation as to interest ." COORDINATION(" At the state level , the bonds are subject to surtaxes ." ))))
Input: But when the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose instead , bonds drifted lower .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Resolution Funding Corp. said late yesterday that it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But New York City general obligation bonds came under selling pressure .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But their potential quake exposure is seen as small given that they require a financial cushion on all the loans they purchase .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the man who built it has fallen .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Nor is it a Hungary , where yesterday the parliament approved constitutional changes meant to help turn the Communist nation into a multiparty democracy .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But U.S. officials have strong doubts that he is a reformer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But will it be enough ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: Reports in the West German press , citing sources in East Germany , suggest Mr. Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Mr. Honecker and a genuine reform leader .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't .
Prediction: NONE
Input: With this year 's dislocations in China and the Soviet Union , and the drive to democracy in Poland and Hungary , the East German leadership grew still more defensive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With the drive to democracy in Poland , the East German leadership grew still more defensive ." , " With the drive to democracy in Hungary , the East German leadership grew still more defensive ." COORDINATION(" With this year 's dislocations in China , the East German leadership grew still more defensive ." , " With this year 's dislocations in the Soviet Union , the East German leadership grew still more defensive ." ))
Input: But they are stalwart socialists .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But ultimately he was undone by forces unleashed by his own comrade , Mr. Gorbachev .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Beijing wants to use the base for the People 's Liberation Army after 1997 , when the territory returns to Chinese sovereignty .
Prediction: NONE
Input: News of the arrest and charging of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday , but brokers said that the market and CDL shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" brokers said that the market recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally ." , " brokers said that CDL shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally ." COORDINATION(" News of the arrest of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday ." , " News of the charging of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday ." ))
Input: The paper said the bricks were used to build homes and furnaces and , as a result , the wall is in terrible shape .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The paper said as a result , the wall is in terrible shape ." COORDINATION(" The paper said the bricks were used to build homes ." , " The paper said the bricks were used to build furnaces ." ))
Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Norton makes diamond tools ." , " Norton makes specialty plastics ." , " Norton makes ceramics ." COORDINATION(" Norton makes sandpaper ." , " Norton makes other abrasives ." ))
Input: But that was not the case at NBC News , which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Analysts have estimated that Pinnacle West may have to inject between $ 300 million and $ 400 million into the MeraBank unit before turning the thrift over to federal regulators .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The latest financial results at the troubled utility and thrift holding company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect continuing problems at MeraBank and losses in real-estate , venture-capital and uranium-mining operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latest financial results at the troubled utility company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect continuing problems at MeraBank ." , " The latest financial results at the troubled thrift holding company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect continuing problems at MeraBank ." , " The latest financial results at the troubled thrift holding company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect losses in real-estate operations ." COORDINATION(" The latest financial results at the troubled utility company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect losses in real-estate operations ." , " The latest financial results at the troubled utility company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect losses in venture-capital operations ." , " The latest financial results at the troubled utility company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect losses in uranium-mining operations ." ))
Input: But USAir might not want to help Mr. Steinhardt , he adds .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But of course it would be highly unusual for an investment fund such as Steinhardt Partners to take over a company .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But those represent long-term strategies that probably wo n't succeed quickly , even if they turn out to be the right ones .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But sales to consumers have become difficult during the past several months , even in West Germany , which has been by far Commodore 's strongest market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in UAL .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The average dropped 6.40 to 1247.87 and has now lost 21.7 % of its value since the losing streak began Oct. 10 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today as major factors in the slowdown ." COORDINATION(" Traders cited tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures as major factors in the slowdown ." , " Traders cited tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index options as major factors in the slowdown ." ))
Input: In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among California savings-and-loan stocks , H.F. Ahmanson eased 3\/8 to 22 1\/4 , CalFed slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/8 , Great Western Financial dropped 1\/2 to 21 1\/4 and Golden West Financial fell 5\/8 to 29 1\/4 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Colgate-Palmolive advanced 1 5\/8 to 63 after saying it was comfortable with analysts ' projections that third-quarter net income from continuing operations would be between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share , up from 69 cents a year ago .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or downsizing of about 25 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years ." COORDINATION(" Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing of about 25 % of its plants ." , " Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the downsizing of about 25 % of its plants ." ))
Input: Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" company officials were n't available ." COORDINATION(" Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output ." , " Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on earnings ." ))
Input: The buyer then picks a price and buys shares at that price from holders who offered to sell at that price or lower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The buyer then picks a price ." COORDINATION(" The buyer then buys shares at that price from holders who offered to sell at that price ." , " The buyer then buys shares at that price from holders who offered to sell lower ." ))
Input: Dayton Hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 60 and $ 65 for the buy-back .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained substantial operating and financial flexibility through the bank pact .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure ." COORDINATION(" Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom gained substantial operating flexibility through the bank pact ." , " Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom gained substantial financial flexibility through the bank pact ." ))
Input: Trinova Corp. , Maumee , Ohio , said it is launching an extensive restructuring of its core business , and took a charge that resulted in a loss of $ 29.7 million , or 87 cents a share , for the third quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trinova Corp. , Maumee , Ohio , said it is launching an extensive restructuring of its core business ." COORDINATION(" Trinova Corp. , Maumee , Ohio , took a charge that resulted in a loss of $ 29.7 million , for the third quarter ." , " Trinova Corp. , Maumee , Ohio , took a charge that resulted in a loss of 87 cents a share , for the third quarter ." ))
Input: Trinova said it will close , move or overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities and over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trinova said it will over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees ." COORDINATION(" Trinova said it will close 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities ." , " Trinova said it will move 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities ." , " Trinova said it will overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities ." ))
Input: Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the factory closings will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics ." , " Most of the job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics ." , " Most of the factory closings will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture hoses ." , " Most of the job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture other industrial parts ." COORDINATION(" Most of the factory closings will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture other industrial parts ." , " Most of the factory closings will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture other automotive parts ." ))
Input: He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon , Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % and the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out ." COORDINATION(" He added that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon ." , " He added that Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % ." , " He added that the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors ." ))
Input: For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail 's traffic and revenue will reflect the sluggish economy , but Conrail will continue to take steps to control and reduce costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail will continue to take steps to control costs ." , " For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail will continue to take steps to reduce costs ." COORDINATION(" For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail 's traffic will reflect the sluggish economy ." , " For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail 's revenue will reflect the sluggish economy ." ))
Input: But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work and those that do n't .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the county of Los Angeles placed its firefighters and sheriffs on alert , ready to send in reinforcements , and alerted San Francisco that the city has 1,000 hospital beds at its disposal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And the county of Los Angeles alerted San Francisco that the city has 1,000 hospital beds at its disposal ." COORDINATION(" And the county of Los Angeles placed its firefighters on alert , ready to send in reinforcements , ." , " And the county of Los Angeles placed its sheriffs on alert , ready to send in reinforcements , ." ))
Input: But according to Great American , such profits do n't count toward meeting the San Diego savings bank 's new capitalization requirements under 1989 federal law .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Sassy has a different spirit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Besides Ms. and Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and Working Woman and Working Mother , two monthly magazines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Besides Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs , ." , " Besides Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for small businesses , ." , " Besides Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Working Woman , two monthly magazines ." COORDINATION(" Besides Ms. , closely held Lang Communications includes Working Woman , two monthly magazines ." , " Besides Ms. , closely held Lang Communications includes Working Mother , two monthly magazines ." COORDINATION(" Besides Ms. , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs , ." , " Besides Ms. , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for small businesses , ." )))
Input: The joint venture is being undone , with McCall 's magazine being sold last summer to the New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group for about $ 80 million , and Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother to Mr. Lang .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The joint venture is being undone , with McCall 's magazine being sold last summer to the New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group for about $ 80 million ." COORDINATION(" The joint venture is being undone , with Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Woman to Mr. Lang ." , " The joint venture is being undone , with Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Mother to Mr. Lang ." ))
Input: Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality ." COORDINATION(" in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , Frankly , McCall 's were an embarrassment ." , " in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , Frankly , the joint venture were an embarrassment ." ))
Input: She will oversee Working Woman , Working Mother and Success magazines , and retain her post as publisher of Working Woman .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She will retain her post as publisher of Working Woman ." COORDINATION(" She will oversee Working Woman ." , " She will oversee Working Mother ." , " She will oversee Success magazines ." ))
Input: Boise , Idaho-based Morrison had losses totaling $ 186 million over the two years ended in December , but it has surged back to profitability as a result of cost-cutting and shedding of unprofitable operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Boise , Idaho-based Morrison had losses totaling $ 186 million over the two years ended in December ." COORDINATION(" it has surged back to profitability as a result of cost-cutting ." , " it has surged back to profitability as a result of shedding of unprofitable operations ." ))
Input: But Ms. Bertussi asked , Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by Franklin and its subsidiaries and the default of a bond in its investment portfolio , the thrift said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The additional reserves relate to the default of a bond in its investment portfolio , the thrift said ." COORDINATION(" The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by Franklin , the thrift said ." , " The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by its subsidiaries , the thrift said ." ))
Input: The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt , increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's , Golf World -LRB- U.S. -RRB- and Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The decline primarily reflected an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper ." COORDINATION(" The decline primarily reflected lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting ." , " The decline primarily reflected lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of an unfavorable exchange rate ." COORDINATION(" The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's ." , " The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring Golf World -LRB- U.S. -RRB- ." , " The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring Sailing World magazines ." )))
Input: Even so , Mr. Taylor carried all but one of the district 's dozen counties .
Prediction: NONE
Input: AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , had some damage to headquarters and lost phone service , but operations were moved to a branch office and are running smoothly thanks to a decentralized computer system the company had developed before the quake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" operations were moved to a branch office ." , " operations are running smoothly thanks to a decentralized computer system the company had developed before the quake ." COORDINATION(" AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , had some damage to headquarters ." , " AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , lost phone service ." ))
Input: BECHTEL CORP. , San Francisco , engineering and construction concern , annual sales of $ 4 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city , but its computers were knocked out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" its computers were knocked out ." COORDINATION(" BECHTEL CORP. , San Francisco , engineering concern , annual sales of $ 4 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city ." , " BECHTEL CORP. , San Francisco , construction concern , annual sales of $ 4 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city ." ))
Input: CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday ." COORDINATION(" CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , plans to reopen today ." , " CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , plans to reopen tomorrow ." ))
Input: HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold and general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water , but that it may reopen today .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said that it may reopen today ." , " HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said that it may reopen today ." , " HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of lack of water ." COORDINATION(" HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures ." , " HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of lack of water ." ))
Input: KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up ." COORDINATION(" KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building ." , " KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building ." ))
Input: The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant in Palo Altos , and no delays in deliveries are expected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" no delays in deliveries are expected ." COORDINATION(" The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters ." , " The division had only minor damage at its plant in Palo Altos ." ))
Input: CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building ." COORDINATION(" CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , was up for yesterday 's market open ." , " CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , was running for yesterday 's market open ." ))
Input: SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , expects to be fully operational tomorrow ." COORDINATION(" SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters ." , " SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to tracks ." ))
Input: St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night ." COORDINATION(" St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit has since restored some freight lines between San Francisco and San Jose ." , " St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit has since restored limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose ." ))
Input: VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage and no slowdowns were anticipated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" no slowdowns were anticipated ." COORDINATION(" VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage ." , " VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage ." ))
Input: WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today ." COORDINATION(" WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today ." , " WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display workstations , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today ." ))
Input: But there are other long-term effects that raise serious questions about the ability of California 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to improper reinforcement of the columns that supported the decks , and the fact that the ground beneath the highway is largely landfill and can become unstable , or liquefy , in a major quake .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to improper reinforcement of the columns that supported the decks ." COORDINATION(" But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to the fact that the ground beneath the highway can become unstable , in a major quake ." , " But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to the fact that the ground beneath the highway can liquefy , in a major quake ." COORDINATION(" But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to the fact that the ground beneath the highway is largely landfill ." )))
Input: In addition , Lionel began a lawsuit in federal District Court in New York seeking to enjoin the offer , alleging , among other things , violations of federal securities law and fraudulent manipulation of the market for Lionel 's securities .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" no further meetings are scheduled ." COORDINATION(" Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. apparently failed ." , " Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between the Machinists union apparently failed ." ))
Input: Company officials and union representatives did n't meet face to face , but the mediator shuttled between the two groups .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the mediator shuttled between the two groups ." COORDINATION(" Company officials did n't meet face to face ." , " union representatives did n't meet face to face ." ))
Input: Last month , Mr. Ruskin proposed , among other things , to buy 3.5 million shares , or 38 % , for $ 4 apiece .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast , and they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Bush were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters ." , " Mr. Bush were accused of responding too slowly after Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast ." COORDINATION(" his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters ." )))
Input: Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence -LRB- 47 cents -RRB- from 24.68 pence -LRB- 39 cents -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Profit before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence -LRB- 47 cents -RRB- from 24.68 pence -LRB- 39 cents -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" Profit after taxes increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence -LRB- 47 cents -RRB- from 24.68 pence -LRB- 39 cents -RRB- ." , " Profit after minority interests increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence -LRB- 47 cents -RRB- from 24.68 pence -LRB- 39 cents -RRB- ." ))
Input: Landfill -- loose and unconsolidated earth -- may feel like rock but it behaves like liquid when you shake it , said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it behaves like liquid when you shake it , said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview ." COORDINATION(" Landfill -- loose earth -- may feel like rock , said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview ." , " Landfill -- unconsolidated earth -- may feel like rock , said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview ." ))
Input: But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But now , the soft-drink giant appears willing to take the risk .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The baseball commissioner said the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would be played Tuesday in Candlestick Park .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A spokeswoman said Dow is comfortable with Wall Street expectations that full-year earnings will total about $ 14.60 a share , compared with last year 's record net of $ 2.4 billion , or $ 12.76 a share .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including softer prices for polyethylene and other basic chemicals , a slower U.S. economy and a stronger dollar , which made Dow 's exports from the U.S. more expensive to overseas customers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including a slower U.S. economy ." , " Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including a stronger dollar , which made Dow 's exports from the U.S. more expensive to overseas customers ." COORDINATION(" Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including softer prices for polyethylene ." , " Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including softer prices for other basic chemicals ." ))
Input: Given Democratic frustration with the Reagan victories and Court appointments , the contingency plans in place , and Mr. Bork 's paper trail of vulnerable writings , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Given Democratic frustration with the contingency plans in place , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed ." , " Given Democratic frustration with Mr. Bork 's paper trail of vulnerable writings , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed ." COORDINATION(" Given Democratic frustration with the Reagan victories , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed ." , " Given Democratic frustration with Court appointments , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed ." ))
Input: But it was Ted Kennedy who scored most effectively with his searing portrayal of Robert Bork 's America -- the parade of imaginary horribles that would follow logically , he claimed , from the positions Mr. Bork had taken over the space of two decades .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It achieved a good media play , and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of conscience .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It achieved a good media play ." COORDINATION(" It enabled Sen. Specter to vote against Mr. Bork out of conscience ." , " It enabled others to vote against Mr. Bork out of conscience ." ))
Input: The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no paper trail and no bite to their tongue or pen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no paper trail ." COORDINATION(" The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no bite to their tongue ." , " The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no bite to their pen ." ))
Input: His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures ." COORDINATION(" His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures ." , " His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected executives ." ))
Input: Unfortunately , Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee .
Prediction: NONE
Input: There 's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level , says Bruce Miller , president of Art Funding Corp. , an art lender .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because Christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent -LCB- for buyer and seller -RCB- , not as a bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because Christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house ." , " A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because Christie 's believes its primary role is not as a bank ." COORDINATION(" A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because Christie 's believes its primary role is as an agent -LCB- for buyer -RCB- ." , " A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because Christie 's believes its primary role is as an agent -LCB- for seller -RCB- ." ))
Input: But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc , Mr. Krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation 's very existence : German reunification .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But if East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence , and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence ." COORDINATION(" Abandoning socialism means abandoning the justification for its watchdogs ." , " Abandoning socialism means abandoning the justification for its Wall ." ))
Input: But with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself into an Albania to clamp down further on refugees .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But East Germany is merely the land of truly existing socialism .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But most businesses in the Bay area , including Silicon Valley , were n't greatly affected .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Secretary Skinner said he would urge Bush to veto the bill .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But investors remain wary about stocks , partly because of turmoil in the junk-bond market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of headline negatives in recent weeks , including rate increases in Europe and Japan , aggressive central bank intervention , a 190-point plunge in New York stock prices , an unexpectedly poor U.S. trade report and action by the Federal Reserve to nudge U.S. rates lower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of headline negatives in recent weeks , including aggressive central bank intervention ." , " Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of headline negatives in recent weeks , including a 190-point plunge in New York stock prices ." , " Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of headline negatives in recent weeks , including an unexpectedly poor U.S. trade report ." , " Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of headline negatives in recent weeks , including action by the Federal Reserve to nudge U.S. rates lower ." COORDINATION(" Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of headline negatives in recent weeks , including rate increases in Europe ." , " Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of headline negatives in recent weeks , including rate increases in Japan ." ))
Input: But some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like quantity last week but did n't .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar ." COORDINATION(" That country had been expected to seek a like quantity last week ." , " That country had been expected to did n't ." ))
Input: The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Food and Drug Admistration , and its long-term effects are unknown .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" its long-term effects are unknown ." COORDINATION(" The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Food Admistration ." , " The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Drug Admistration ." ))
Input: Researchers could n't estimate the cost of the drug when it reaches the market , but they said FK-506 will enable patients to cut hospital stays by 50 % and reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the dosage of cyclosporine and other drugs among transplant recipients .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Researchers could n't estimate the cost of the drug when it reaches the market ." COORDINATION(" they said FK-506 will reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the dosage of cyclosporine among transplant recipients ." , " they said FK-506 will reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the dosage of other drugs among transplant recipients ." COORDINATION(" they said FK-506 will enable patients to cut hospital stays by 50 % ." )))
Input: Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds , and that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dr. Starzl said that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants ." COORDINATION(" Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health ." , " Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by university funds ." ))
Input: But not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And what about insurance firms ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values ." COORDINATION(" We here in the affected areas were dazzled by his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research ." , " We here in the affected areas were dazzled by his comparisons of effectiveness concerning development ." ))
Input: But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at Robert Falls 's The Misanthrope at the Goodman .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood , and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Falls transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents ." , " Mr. Falls transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- producers ." , " Mr. Falls transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- actors ." , " Mr. Falls transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- writers ." , " Mr. Falls transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- sycophants ." ))
Input: Mr. Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere 's Alexandrine verse form , 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: With a splendid cast led by David Darlow as Alceste , Christina Haag as Celimene and , especially , William Brown as a Philinte who plays the Hollywood game but harbors authentic values and feelings , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance and wit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With a splendid cast led by David Darlow as Alceste , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance ." , " With a splendid cast led by Christina Haag as Celimene , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance ." , " With a splendid cast led by William Brown as a Philinte who harbors authentic feelings , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with wit ." , " With a splendid cast led by David Darlow as Alceste , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with wit ." COORDINATION(" With a splendid cast led by William Brown as a Philinte who harbors authentic feelings , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance ." , " With a splendid cast led by William Brown as a Philinte who harbors authentic values , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance ." COORDINATION(" With a splendid cast led by William Brown as a Philinte who plays the Hollywood game , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance ." )))
Input: Three of the family members , Max and his two sons , Lenny and Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher , Lenny a pimp and Joey an aspiring boxer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Three of the family members , Max , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher ." , " Three of the family members , his two sons , Joey , live off the flesh : Lenny a pimp ." , " Three of the family members , Max , live off the flesh : Lenny a pimp ." , " Three of the family members , Max , live off the flesh : Joey an aspiring boxer ." COORDINATION(" Three of the family members , his two sons , Lenny , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher ." , " Three of the family members , his two sons , Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher ." ))
Input: Mr. Sagan , a former publisher and real estate developer , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 4 million of tax exempt bonds issued by the State of Illinois -LRB- the first time that a state has used its educational facilities authority to support construction of a theater -RRB- , and approximately $ 1 million in grants from the National Endowment for the Arts , the MacArthur Foundation , and a few other deep pockets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Sagan , a former publisher , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 4 million of tax exempt bonds issued by the State of Illinois -LRB- the first time that a state has used its educational facilities authority to support construction of a theater -RRB- ." , " Mr. Sagan , a former real estate developer , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 4 million of tax exempt bonds issued by the State of Illinois -LRB- the first time that a state has used its educational facilities authority to support construction of a theater -RRB- ." , " Mr. Sagan , a former real estate developer , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 1 million in grants from a few other deep pockets ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Sagan , a former publisher , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 1 million in grants from the National Endowment for the Arts ." , " Mr. Sagan , a former publisher , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 1 million in grants from the MacArthur Foundation ." , " Mr. Sagan , a former publisher , has put together an $ 8 million financial package that includes approximately $ 1 million in grants from a few other deep pockets ." ))
Input: His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 ." COORDINATION(" he is just beginning to massage local foundations ." , " he is just beginning to massage local corporations ." ))
Input: But Welles 's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a mercurial -- existence .
Prediction: NONE
Input: What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood and Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich -LRB- Dangerous Liaisons -RRB- , Joan Allen -LRB- The Heidi Chronicles -RRB- , and Glenne Headly -LRB- Lonesome Dove -RRB- , and the company crumbles ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as Glenne Headly -LRB- Lonesome Dove -RRB- ?" , " What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the company crumbles ?" COORDINATION(" What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich -LRB- Dangerous Liaisons -RRB- ?" , " What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as Joan Allen -LRB- The Heidi Chronicles -RRB- ?" , " What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as Glenne Headly -LRB- Lonesome Dove -RRB- ?" COORDINATION(" What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich -LRB- Dangerous Liaisons -RRB- ?" )))
Input: Among bigger stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index rose 1 % , or 4.56 , to 453.05 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.2 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Gilmartin said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But most of those stocks fared well .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Sun Microsystems slipped 1\/4 to 17 1\/4 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I called Sen. Bill Bradley of New Jersey , advised him that the Dow Jones Industrial Average had declined by 190 points late that afternoon , and cheerfully informed him that he and his fellow Democrats were to blame .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I called Sen. Bill Bradley of New Jersey ." , " Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I advised him that the Dow Jones Industrial Average had declined by 190 points late that afternoon ." COORDINATION(" Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I cheerfully informed him that he were to blame ." , " Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I cheerfully informed him that his fellow Democrats were to blame ." ))
Input: But he knows that as many as 20 of his fellow Democrats are disposed to vote for the cut , popular among their constituents .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It could throw in the towel and hope to win on capital gains late this month , or it could follow the White House strategy , to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it could follow the White House strategy , to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended ." COORDINATION(" It could throw in the towel ." , " It could hope to win on capital gains late this month ." ))
Input: Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , the administration 's chief strategist on this issue ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management ." , " Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Budget ." ))
Input: But the offering almost did n't happen .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. ." COORDINATION(" Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. ." , " Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks co-managed by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ." , " Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks co-managed by Morgan Stanley & Co. ." , " Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks co-managed by Salomon Brothers Inc ." ))
Input: Mr. Templeton bought his shares in several separate purchases between Aug. 30 and Sept. 28 , according to reports with the SEC .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case , Ms. Adams said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But developers of four planned office towers cautioned that obstacles still remain .
Prediction: NONE
Input: State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" State officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters ." , " city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters ." , " city officials are still negotiating with developers to build a hotel ." COORDINATION(" State officials are still negotiating with developers to build a merchandise mart ." , " State officials are still negotiating with developers to build a hotel ." COORDINATION(" State officials are still negotiating with developers to operate a merchandise mart ." )))
Input: But one far-afield effect is still with us .
Prediction: NONE
Input: U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1970 and 1971 and by 1973 were declining .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" U.S. oil supplies , however , by 1973 were declining ." COORDINATION(" U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1970 ." , " U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1971 ." ))
Input: But Middle East supplies were growing in importance .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But car-happy Americans panicked , and so did the U.S. and other oil-consuming governments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But car-happy Americans panicked ." COORDINATION(" so did the U.S. ." , " so did other oil-consuming governments ." ))
Input: Four Bear Stearns executives besides the 62-year-old Mr. Greenberg were paid $ 3 million or more before dividends for the 14 months ended in June .
Prediction: NONE
Input: According to the proxy statement , James E. Cayne , 55 , Bear Stearns 's president , made $ 3.9 million ; an executive vice president , Michael L. Tarnopol , 53 , made nearly $ 3.4 million ; and two executive vice presidents , Vincent J. Mattone , 44 , and William J. Michaelcheck , 42 , made about $ 3.3 million each .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" According to the proxy statement , James E. Cayne , 55 , Bear Stearns 's president , made $ 3.9 million ." , " According to the proxy statement , an executive vice president , Michael L. Tarnopol , 53 , made nearly $ 3.4 million ." COORDINATION(" According to the proxy statement , two executive vice presidents , Vincent J. Mattone , 44 , made about $ 3.3 million each ." , " According to the proxy statement , two executive vice presidents , William J. Michaelcheck , 42 , made about $ 3.3 million each ." ))
Input: Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Craven said Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward had planned to leave the bank earlier ." , " Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier ." ))
Input: Par Pharmaceutical Inc. said it named its interim president and chief executive officer , Kenneth I. Sawyer , to those posts permanently , and elected him to the board .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Par Pharmaceutical Inc. said it elected him to the board ." COORDINATION(" Par Pharmaceutical Inc. said it named its interim president , Kenneth I. Sawyer , to those posts permanently ." , " Par Pharmaceutical Inc. said it named its interim chief executive officer , Kenneth I. Sawyer , to those posts permanently ." ))
Input: Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process and a Food and Drug Administration investigation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process ." COORDINATION(" Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a Food Administration investigation ." , " Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a Drug Administration investigation ." ))
Input: Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had taken significant steps to restore the company 's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had taken significant steps to restore the company 's credibility ." COORDINATION(" Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had taken significant steps to restore the company 's sense of professionalism ." , " Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had taken significant steps to restore the company 's sense of integrity ." ))
Input: If human beings ca n't cut federal spending honestly -- and they ca n't -- let the computers do it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men and women dickered over budgets and even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men dickered over budgets ." , " We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable women dickered over budgets ." , " We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable women log-rolled a bit to see that the desperately poor were cared for ." COORDINATION(" We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid ." , " We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men log-rolled a bit to see that the desperately poor were cared for ." ))
Input: But analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Paris shares had a similar reaction ." COORDINATION(" most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian stock markets ." , " most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Pacific stock markets ." ))
Input: Among steel shares , NKK rose 19 to 705 yen -LRB- $ 4.97 -RRB- a share , and Nippon Steel gained 17 to 735 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He said the current market is all about sentiment , and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said the current market is all about sentiment ." COORDINATION(" He said the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety ." , " He said the sentiment in London is 90 % worry ." ))
Input: In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich and posted moderate rises in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Milan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In other European markets , share prices posted moderate rises in Stockholm ." , " In other European markets , share prices posted moderate rises in Amsterdam ." , " In other European markets , share prices posted moderate rises in Milan ." COORDINATION(" In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt ." , " In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Zurich ." ))
Input: The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada , Mich. ; a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own and operate , and two waste-water control projects in Orange County , Calif .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada , Mich. ." , " The projects include construction of two waste-water control projects in Orange County , Calif ." COORDINATION(" The projects include construction of a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own ." , " The projects include construction of a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will operate ." ))
Input: But while they want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now , they 're afraid of being hammered by another terrifying plunge .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But most investment advisers do n't recommend using married puts all the time .
Prediction: NONE
Input: -- If the stock goes up in price between now and the put 's expiration date , the put will probably expire worthless .
Prediction: NONE
Input: -- If the stock stays at the same price between now and the put 's expiration date , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put , less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some investors might prefer a simpler strategy then hedging their individual holdings .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , OEX options were suspended from trading last Friday afternoon , after the stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the S&P-500 futures contract was halted .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But if the price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option , the stock is almost certain to be called away .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And in that case , the investor misses out on any major upside gain .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues , ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal of catastrophic-illness insurance .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The amalgamations are subject to regulatory approval and require approval by shareholders of ABM , Inca , United and Neptune at special meetings on Nov. 10 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The amalgamations are subject to regulatory approval ." COORDINATION(" The amalgamations require approval by shareholders of ABM at special meetings on Nov. 10 ." , " The amalgamations require approval by shareholders of Inca at special meetings on Nov. 10 ." , " The amalgamations require approval by shareholders of United at special meetings on Nov. 10 ." , " The amalgamations require approval by shareholders of Neptune at special meetings on Nov. 10 ." ))
Input: But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That 's still an improvement over last year , but it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's still an improvement over last year ." COORDINATION(" it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation ." , " it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage we can out of past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit ." ))
Input: People are sick and tired of hearing about these deficits , but the imbalances are still there and they are still a problem , said Mr. Robertson .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the imbalances are still there , said Mr. Robertson ." , " they are still a problem , said Mr. Robertson ." COORDINATION(" People are sick of hearing about these deficits , said Mr. Robertson ." , " People are tired of hearing about these deficits , said Mr. Robertson ." ))
Input: In addition , the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products in overseas markets and hurt the country 's competitiveness .
Prediction: NONE
Input: August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of industrial supplies , capital goods and food abroad and increases in sales of motor vehicles , parts and engines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" August 's decline in exports reflected increases in sales of motor vehicles , parts ." , " August 's decline in exports reflected increases in sales of motor vehicles , engines ." COORDINATION(" August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of industrial supplies abroad ." , " August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of capital goods abroad ." , " August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of food abroad ." ))
Input: A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 , but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 ." COORDINATION(" from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive ." , " from now on Next will supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines ." ))
Input: Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data and make it far easier to edit film clips or audio recordings with a computer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data ." COORDINATION(" Optical-storage devices make it far easier to edit film clips with a computer ." , " Optical-storage devices make it far easier to edit audio recordings with a computer ." ))
Input: But the technology , while reliable , is far slower than the widely used hard drives .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it will definitely boost Next 's sales .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And while the company has n't made a definite statement , it now looks like that 's not going to be anytime soon , Mr. Maxwell said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company attributed the loss to declining revenue and litigation costs relating to criminal charges against the company and two former executives , William G. Moore Jr. and Robert W. Reedy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company attributed the loss to declining revenue ." COORDINATION(" The company attributed the loss to litigation costs relating to criminal charges against two former executives , Robert W. Reedy ." , " The company attributed the loss to litigation costs relating to criminal charges against two former executives , William G. Moore Jr. ." COORDINATION(" The company attributed the loss to litigation costs relating to criminal charges against the company ." )))
Input: The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34 % during early October .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year ." , " sales of the vehicles fell a steep 34 % during early October ." COORDINATION(" The Corsica make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet ." , " The Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet ." ))
Input: Except to characterize its offer as fair and generous and in the best interests of Mesa shareholders , StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Except to characterize its offer as in the best interests of Mesa shareholders , StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal ." COORDINATION(" Except to characterize its offer as fair , StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal ." , " Except to characterize its offer as generous , StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal ." ))
Input: Neither Mr. Taylor nor Mr. Watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In fact , at one point Merry Chase -LRB- Melinda Mullins -RRB- , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact , at one point Merry Chase -LRB- Melinda Mullins -RRB- , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the savings industry ." , " In fact , at one point Merry Chase -LRB- Melinda Mullins -RRB- , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the loan industry ." COORDINATION(" In fact , at one point Merry Chase -LRB- Melinda Mullins -RRB- , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing ." , " In fact , at one point Merry Chase -LRB- Melinda Mullins -RRB- , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Urban Development ." ))
Input: Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff but totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness and patriotism ; Jeff Weiss is fire , brimstone and teary-eyed emotionalism as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ; Zach Grenier is maddeningly officious playing a succession of lawyers ; Joseph Daly has the perfect aw , shucks demeanor of George Bush in his portrayal of the vice president ; and Ann McDonough is first-rate as a succession of witnesses ' wives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Daniel von Bargen is totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of patriotism ." , " Zach Grenier is maddeningly officious playing a succession of lawyers ." , " Joseph Daly has the perfect aw , shucks demeanor of George Bush in his portrayal of the vice president ." , " Ann McDonough is first-rate as a succession of witnesses ' wives ." COORDINATION(" Jeff Weiss is fire as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ." , " Jeff Weiss is brimstone as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ." , " Jeff Weiss is teary-eyed emotionalism as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ." COORDINATION(" Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness ." , " Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of patriotism ." COORDINATION(" Daniel von Bargen is totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness ." ))))
Input: With one she is pregnant , with Major Battle she is knitting an American flag , and as the vice president 's wife she rushes in with white hair , wearing a tailored suit and pearls , imitating Barbara Bush 's gestures down to the last detail .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With one she is pregnant ." , " with Major Battle she is knitting an American flag ." COORDINATION(" as the vice president 's wife she rushes in with white hair , wearing a tailored suit , imitating Barbara Bush 's gestures down to the last detail ." , " as the vice president 's wife she rushes in with white hair , wearing pearls , imitating Barbara Bush 's gestures down to the last detail ." ))
Input: Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim particularly at the media ." COORDINATION(" Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators of all stripes ." , " Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at congressmen of all stripes ." ))
Input: As the hearings begin , the self-important Sen. Bowman -LRB- Jerome Kilty -RRB- announces : Let me emphaticize one thing at the outset : We are not looking for hides to skin nor goats to scape .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured in flagrante by Joan Postel , who called the police .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue and an 18th-century mansion with a specially excavated $ 1 million garage in Paris , the Postels had obtained an injunction to prevent any future hoisting of trees , and in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds and the building with a $ 35 million lawsuit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue , the Postels had obtained an injunction to prevent any future hoisting of trees ." , " Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for an 18th-century mansion with a specially excavated $ 1 million garage in Paris , the Postels had obtained an injunction to prevent any future hoisting of trees ." , " Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for an 18th-century mansion with a specially excavated $ 1 million garage in Paris , the Postels had in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds with a $ 35 million lawsuit ." COORDINATION(" Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue , the Postels had in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds with a $ 35 million lawsuit ." , " Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue , the Postels had in a neighborly spirit hit both the building with a $ 35 million lawsuit ." ))
Input: The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. when he was still a bearded liberal , and put to work as a trader , and then as a rough-and-tumble syndicator .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. when he was still a bearded liberal ." COORDINATION(" The young John Gutfreund had been put to work as a trader ." , " The young John Gutfreund had been put to work as a rough-and-tumble syndicator ." ))
Input: But the old guard hired the New Crowd people : It brought in its own cuckoos .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But if a raider takes over when the stock is weak , the shareholder never gets his recovery .
Prediction: NONE
Input: As described in The New Crowd , they take on ambitious new wives , move to Greenwich , Conn. , or Bedford , N.Y. , buy OK pictures , and let their wives share the wealth with decorators .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As described in The New Crowd , they take on ambitious new wives ." , " As described in The New Crowd , they buy OK pictures ." , " As described in The New Crowd , they let their wives share the wealth with decorators ." COORDINATION(" As described in The New Crowd , they move to Greenwich , Conn. , ." , " As described in The New Crowd , they move to Bedford , N.Y. ." ))
Input: A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal :" COORDINATION(" A handful of the New Crowd operators have ended up in the slammer :" , " A handful of the New Crowd operators have ended up paying huge fines :" ))
Input: Ivan Boesky , Dennis Levine , Martin Siegel , Victor and Steven Posner , and now Michael Milken and perhaps Leona Helmsley .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ivan Boesky ." , " Dennis Levine ." , " Martin Siegel ." , " Michael Milken ." , " Leona Helmsley ." COORDINATION(" Victor Posner ." , " Steven Posner ." ))
Input: Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi and endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some pretty seamy stuff endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen ." COORDINATION(" Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue ." , " Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Newport palazzi ." ))
Input: Mr. Boesky was a piker compared to Jay Gould and Jim Fiske , and Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing judges and legislators .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing judges ." , " Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing legislators ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Boesky was a piker compared to Jay Gould ." , " Mr. Boesky was a piker compared to Jim Fiske ." ))
Input: In a generation or two some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said he and companies he controls , NL Industries Inc. and NL Chemicals Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a Securities Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said he hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif ." , " In a Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said he hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif ." , " In a Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said companies he controls , NL Industries Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif ." COORDINATION(" In a Securities Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said companies he controls , NL Industries Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif ." , " In a Securities Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said companies he controls , NL Chemicals Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif ." ))
Input: They include 122,700 shares bought Friday for between $ 47.125 and $ 48 each .
Prediction: NONE
Input: U.S. exports benefited in August from heavy Canadian spending on new plant and equipment and a pickup in Canadian auto demand , Canadian officials said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" U.S. exports benefited in August from a pickup in Canadian auto demand , Canadian officials said ." COORDINATION(" U.S. exports benefited in August from heavy Canadian spending on new plant , Canadian officials said ." , " U.S. exports benefited in August from heavy Canadian spending on new equipment , Canadian officials said ." ))
Input: Canadian officials said the trade pact has kindled an export interest among many small Canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors and instructed in trade procedures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The businessmen are instructed in trade procedures ." COORDINATION(" The businessmen are introduced to potential agents ." , " The businessmen are introduced to potential distributors ." ))
Input: Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 900 million , or 3.52 % of loans and leases , from $ 667 million , or 2.68 % , at the end of the second quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 900 million , from $ 667 million , at the end of the second quarter ." , " Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to 3.52 % of leases , from 2.68 % , at the end of the second quarter ." , " Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 900 million , from 2.68 % , at the end of the second quarter ." COORDINATION(" Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to 3.52 % of loans , from $ 667 million , at the end of the second quarter ." , " Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to 3.52 % of leases , from $ 667 million , at the end of the second quarter ." ))
Input: And he indicated that more substantial improvement is expected in the next couple of quarters .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The trade group 's compilation of Commerce Department data showed that August imports , the second largest monthly total of the year , were up 5 % from July 's 1,458,000 tons but below last year 's high of 1,979,000 tons in June 1988 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Wang salespeople are trying to cope with the biggest challenge any marketer can face : selling the products of a company that is on the ropes .
Prediction: NONE
Input: After the company reported red ink for the fiscal third quarter , Wang 's marketing department provided the sales force answers to questions such as How could you not have known you were going to lose $ 55 million ? and Is Wang still a viable company ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: Numerous computer companies are having sales slumps and earnings declines , but very few have had losses comparable to Wang 's or are carrying such a large debt load .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" very few have had losses comparable to Wang 's ." , " very few are carrying such a large debt load ." COORDINATION(" Numerous computer companies are having sales slumps ." , " Numerous computer companies are having earnings declines ." ))
Input: But their present financial condition means I 'd have a hard time convincing the vice president in charge of purchasing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: During the past year , Wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During the past year , Wang has hired a new president ." COORDINATION(" During the past year , Wang has developed new products ." , " During the past year , Wang has developed a new strategy ." ))
Input: But even before Wang 's latest financial troubles surfaced , some customers were trying to wall off their Wang installations so other departments would n't add Wang , says Chris Christiansen , a former Wang marketer who is now a market analyst with Meta Group , a market research firm in Stamford , Conn .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But salespeople often found that news of Wang 's problems superseded their sales efforts .
Prediction: NONE
Input: William Tait , a former sales manager in Indianapolis , says that his office had all but sold a $ 1.5 million image system to pharmaceutical maker Eli Lilly & Co .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , sales and management consultant and author of Ready , Aim , You 're Hired , says : The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Paul Hellman , author of Ready , Aim , You 're Hired , says : The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more ." COORDINATION(" Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , sales consultant , says : The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more ." , " Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , management consultant , says : The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more ." ))
Input: But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 8.2 % but profits from telecommunications products and electrical products were flat .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 8.2 % ." COORDINATION(" profits from telecommunications products were flat ." , " profits from electrical products were flat ." ))
Input: Revenue in the telecommunications products and services unit rose 27 % to $ 728.8 million , but operating profit was unchanged at $ 26.3 million , partly because of start-up expenses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" operating profit was unchanged at $ 26.3 million , partly because of start-up expenses ." COORDINATION(" Revenue in the telecommunications products unit rose 27 % to $ 728.8 million ." , " Revenue in the telecommunications services unit rose 27 % to $ 728.8 million ." ))
Input: Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by lower domestic prices and the impact of weaker currencies in Europe and South America .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by lower domestic prices ." COORDINATION(" Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by the impact of weaker currencies in Europe ." , " Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by the impact of weaker currencies in South America ." ))
Input: Mr. Akerson said MCI recorded another solid cash positive quarter , its fourth in a row , but declined to comment on whether the company is considering a dividend or is planning any acquisition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Akerson said MCI recorded another solid cash positive quarter , its fourth in a row ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Akerson declined to comment on whether the company is considering a dividend ." , " Mr. Akerson declined to comment on whether the company is planning any acquisition ." ))
Input: We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We think revenue will continue to grow ." COORDINATION(" We think that we can control costs ." , " We think that we can improve profitability ." ))
Input: These include , among other parts , each jetliner 's two major bulkheads , a pressure floor , torque box , fixed leading edges for the wings and an aft keel beam .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Great American said it increased its loan-loss reserves by $ 93 million after reviewing its loan portfolio , raising its total loan and real estate reserves to $ 217 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million , and UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus when it hired him .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus when it hired him ." COORDINATION(" He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million ." , " He left his last two jobs at Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million ." ))
Input: World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" World-wide sales of Trident gum , increased 12 % to $ 277 million ." , " World-wide sales of Certs breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million ." COORDINATION(" World-wide sales of Clorets gum , increased 12 % to $ 277 million ." , " World-wide sales of Clorets breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million ." ))
Input: Reuben Mark , chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is comfortable with analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The per-share estimates mean the consumer-products company 's net income , increased to between $ 69.5 million and $ 76 million , from $ 47.1 million the year-before period .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it 's not mediocre , it 's a real problem .
Prediction: NONE
Input: I thought -LCB- the drawing -RCB- a cross between someone you 'd spot whipping open his trench coat ... or a guy who boasted he 'd been Charles Manson 's roommate for the last 19 years , he said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , said Mr. Barnicle .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It is probably continuing and may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is probably continuing ." COORDINATION(" It may well account for most of , present-day global warming ." , " It may well account for all of , present-day global warming ." ))
Input: I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage ." COORDINATION(" if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture ." , " if we are serious about global warming we must not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion ." ))
Input: In addition , the tax-collecting agency says that it will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee daily finances and a chief information officer to update the information system , which includes probably the largest computer data base in the world .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the agency , which operated throughout fiscal 1989 with a $ 360 million budget shortfall , has been under a hiring freeze since last fall .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Customarily , it would appoint career civil servants from within the agency , but Mr. Goldberg said he plans to scour the world for the chief information officer and the comptroller .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Customarily , it would appoint career civil servants from within the agency ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Goldberg said he plans to scour the world for the chief information officer ." , " Mr. Goldberg said he plans to scour the world for the comptroller ." ))
Input: Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector .
Prediction: NONE
Input: When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds , a cracked skull and broken legs and ribs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds ." , " When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore a cracked skull ." COORDINATION(" When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore broken legs ." , " When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore broken ribs ." ))
Input: And he is collecting the names of those who telephoned the coup-makers to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And out of necessity : a single error on his part could cost him his life ." COORDINATION(" And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes ." , " And out of necessity : The U.S. can hope to remove him from power ." ))
Input: Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation ." COORDINATION(" increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression ." , " increasing external pressure has only given him a scapegoat for his own mismanagement ." ))
Input: Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students ." COORDINATION(" Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his officers ." , " Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his instructors ." ))
Input: The spy network would serve two clients : the Panamanian government , by monitoring political opponents in the region , and the U.S. , by tracking the growing Communist influence in the unions organized at United Fruit Co. 's banana plantations in Bocas del Toros and Puerto Armuelles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spy network would serve two clients : the Panamanian government , by monitoring political opponents in the region ." COORDINATION(" The spy network would serve two clients : the U.S. , by tracking the growing Communist influence in the unions organized at United Fruit Co. 's banana plantations in Bocas del Toros ." , " The spy network would serve two clients : the U.S. , by tracking the growing Communist influence in the unions organized at United Fruit Co. 's banana plantations in Puerto Armuelles ." ))
Input: But through this period , so far as the U.S. military was concerned , Mr. Noriega was a model recruit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they did so falsely ." COORDINATION(" Some American officers interpreted his eagerness as a sign of loyalty ." , " Some American officers interpreted his studiousness as a sign of loyalty ." ))
Input: But he did fly to Panama to scold dictator Torrijos on the drug ties of Panamanian officials , including Mr. Noriega .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the investigators were quickly closing in on Mr. Noriega himself .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But now , along with reindicting Mr. Noriega 's pal , they intended to charge Mr. Noriega himself , on allegations that he was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And on at least one occasion , in the spring of 1985 , he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a honey trap , in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event with sound and video .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a honey trap , in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy ." COORDINATION(" He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a honey trap , in which Mr. Noriega would try to then record the event with sound ." , " He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a honey trap , in which Mr. Noriega would try to then record the event with video ." ))
Input: But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 to a Contra leader , according to documents released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , all the while , Panama 's debt problems continued to grow .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera , his former chief of staff , that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election and had ordered the killing of Messrs. Spadafora and Torrijos .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera , his former chief of staff , that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election ." COORDINATION(" Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera , his former chief of staff , that Mr. Noriega had ordered the killing of Messrs. Spadafora ." , " Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera , his former chief of staff , that Mr. Noriega had ordered the killing of Messrs. Torrijos ." ))
Input: Now , neither side -- the U.S. nor Mr. Noriega -- has an easy out .
Prediction: NONE
Input: I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him ." , " I do n't think we created him as much as we nurtured him ." COORDINATION(" I do n't think we created him as much as we let him grow up to be big ." , " I do n't think we created him as much as we let him grow up to be strong ." ))
Input: The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males and white and black women also show lower mortality rates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males also show lower mortality rates ." COORDINATION(" The drop is particularly large for white males , although white women also show lower mortality rates ." , " The drop is particularly large for white males , although black women also show lower mortality rates ." ))
Input: The National Cancer Institute report compares mortality rates of two groups of people between the ages of 35 and 44 a decade apart .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Lung-cancer mortality rates increase with age and are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 , with sharp increases for everybody but white men .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lung-cancer mortality rates increase with age ." COORDINATION(" Lung-cancer mortality rates are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 , with sharp increases for everybody ." , " Lung-cancer mortality rates are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 , with sharp increases for white men ." ))
Input: But Dr. Fraumeni , one of the authors of the report , said the declining rates we 're seeing for younger people we believe may be a harbinger of declining mortality in the future .
Prediction: NONE
Input: An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Recent changes in average annual age-specific lung-cancer rates per 100,000 population by race and sex .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But favorable earnings was n't a guarantee that a stock 's price would improve yesterday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But its thirdquarter earnings rose to 26 cents a share from 18 cents a share last year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the company .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy , eliminated much pain and constantly improved health and well-being .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy ." , " The process eliminated much pain ." COORDINATION(" The process constantly improved health ." , " The process constantly improved well-being ." ))
Input: They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills and methods of incineration and even oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering ." COORDINATION(" They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills of incineration ." , " They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new methods of incineration ." ))
Input: Nor was it intended to dictate a set of prescriptive solutions , although various points were raised .
Prediction: NONE
Input: It is providing $ 50 million in emergency financing to the company and has agreed to buy as much as $ 75 million in receivables from B. Altman & Co. and Bonwit Teller , L.J. Hooker 's two fully owned department-store chains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is providing $ 50 million in emergency financing to the company ." COORDINATION(" It has agreed to buy as much as $ 75 million in receivables from B. Altman & Co. , L.J. Hooker 's two fully owned department-store chains ." , " It has agreed to buy as much as $ 75 million in receivables from Bonwit Teller , L.J. Hooker 's two fully owned department-store chains ." ))
Input: As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler ." COORDINATION(" As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer ." , " As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by A. Boyd Simpson , former L.J. Hooker senior executive ." ))
Input: NBC , a leader in morning , prime-time and late night programs but an also-ran on Saturday mornings , when children rule the TV set , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NBC , an also-ran on Saturday mornings , when children rule the TV set , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business ." COORDINATION(" NBC , a leader in morning programs , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business ." , " NBC , a leader in prime-time programs , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business ." , " NBC , a leader in late night programs , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business ." ))
Input: There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon and the Disney Channel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids ." COORDINATION(" There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon ." , " There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from cable outlets such as the Disney Channel ." ))
Input: Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president and chief executive and will work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Weisel , 49 , will work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president , said John J. Wallace , chairman ." , " Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as chief executive , said John J. Wallace , chairman ." ))
Input: Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Gaskin was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Gaskin formerly was president of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. ." , " Mr. Gaskin formerly was chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. ." ))
Input: I have not offered and will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , levamisole and 5-fluorouracil , to any of my colon-cancer patients .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have not offered ." COORDINATION(" I will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , levamisole , to any of my colon-cancer patients ." , " I will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , 5-fluorouracil , to any of my colon-cancer patients ." ))
Input: And we are looking for the most cost-effective way to clean up the air .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But David Hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the government did n't step in until six months ago , when thrift officials put Lincoln into conservatorship -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But a committee staff member said the panel is unlikely to pursue closely the role of the senators .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A last-minute snag in negotiations with AMR , over an unrelated lawsuit between American and another Texas Air unit , caused the deal to collapse .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before interest , tax and depreciation by $ 100 million , and that Eastern 's plan presented no comfort level , according to a source present at yesterday 's session .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ernst & Young said that Eastern 's plan presented no comfort level , according to a source present at yesterday 's session ." COORDINATION(" Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before interest by $ 100 million , according to a source present at yesterday 's session ." , " Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before tax by $ 100 million , according to a source present at yesterday 's session ." , " Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before depreciation by $ 100 million , according to a source present at yesterday 's session ." ))
Input: But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan , or the court could ignore both sides and draw its own .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan ." COORDINATION(" But the court could ignore both sides ." , " But the court could draw its own ." ))
Input: But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity ; they have been trying to head it off this year .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Ways and Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill , but the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser ." COORDINATION(" Ways Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill ." , " Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill ." ))
Input: Amending a 1988 return to claim a refund brings cash faster ; but for personal losses , there are other factors to consider , notes publisher Prentice Hall .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned separately ; that may determine whether they should file separately ." , " In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly ." , " In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file separately ." COORDINATION(" In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly ; that may determine whether they should file jointly ." , " In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned separately ; that may determine whether they should file jointly ." ))
Input: Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday , but the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked Hugo and postmarked by Jan. 16 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday ." COORDINATION(" the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked Hugo ." , " the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are postmarked by Jan. 16 ." ))
Input: Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes , but late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes ." COORDINATION(" late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due is 10 % or less of the liability ." , " late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance paid is 10 % or less of the liability ." ))
Input: Among the provisions : Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't be penalized if they file -- or request an extension -- and pay tax due by Nov. 15 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 ." COORDINATION(" Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 ." , " Extensions ca n't be granted for depositing withheld taxes ." ))
Input: But the Tax Court said the limitations were reasonable and realistic and allowed the deductions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the Tax Court allowed the deductions ." COORDINATION(" But the Tax Court said the limitations were reasonable ." , " But the Tax Court said the limitations were realistic ." ))
Input: The deposits came from savings kept in a Tupperware breadbox ; he saved $ 47,000 in 1974-81 by living with family members and pinching pennies and $ 45,000 of secret gifts from his remorseful father , who had abandoned the family in 1955 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The deposits came from savings kept in a Tupperware breadbox ; he $ 45,000 of secret gifts from his remorseful father , who had abandoned the family in 1955 ." COORDINATION(" The deposits came from savings kept in a Tupperware breadbox ; he saved $ 47,000 in 1974-81 by living with family members ." , " The deposits came from savings kept in a Tupperware breadbox ; he saved $ 47,000 in 1974-81 by pinching pennies ." ))
Input: Brown had no proof ; but testimony of his mother and stepmother about his father and of an ex-employer about his honesty and habits satisfied a judge that Brown was truthful and his tale of gifts was possible .
Prediction: NONE
Input: This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker , but reached by Ms. Peterson and six others in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker ." COORDINATION(" This place is 12 miles into the back country -- reached by Ms. Peterson in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes ." , " This place is 12 miles into the back country -- reached by six others in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes ." ))
Input: Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist but a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers or equestrians .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist ." COORDINATION(" Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers ." , " Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a nightmare for unsuspecting equestrians ." ))
Input: Mr. Langton is among the legions of bikers who got their first taste of wilderness as hikers or backpackers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But stocks later recovered , erasing most of their early declines .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the dollar later rebounded , finishing slightly higher against the yen although slightly lower against the mark .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the Fed move was a small gesture , traders said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network and U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine ." COORDINATION(" The Consumer News Channel cable network have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine ." , " The Consumer Business Channel cable network have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine ." ))
Input: Results for the 1989 third quarter and nine months include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business improvement and refocusing program , and a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Results for the 1989 third quarter include a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock ." , " Results for the 1989 nine months include a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock ." , " Results for the 1989 nine months include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business improvement program ." COORDINATION(" Results for the 1989 third quarter include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business improvement program ." , " Results for the 1989 third quarter include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business refocusing program ." ))
Input: Weyerhaeuser 's pulp and paper operations were up for the nine months , but full-year performance depends on the balance of operating and maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" full-year performance depends on the balance of operating costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said ." , " full-year performance depends on the balance of maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said ." COORDINATION(" Weyerhaeuser 's pulp operations were up for the nine months , the company said ." , " Weyerhaeuser 's paper operations were up for the nine months , the company said ." ))
Input: The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to $ 2.6 billion , or 85 % of Bankers Trust 's medium and long-term loans to these countries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to $ 2.6 billion ." COORDINATION(" The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to 85 % of Bankers Trust 's medium loans to these countries ." , " The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to 85 % of Bankers Trust 's long-term loans to these countries ." ))
Input: Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were relatively flat , sometimes choppy , the bank said , and profit for the area sank 27 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Corporate trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Development were relatively flat , sometimes choppy ." , " profit for the area sank 27 % ." COORDINATION(" Corporate finance results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation were relatively flat , sometimes choppy ." , " Corporate finance results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Development were relatively flat , sometimes choppy ." COORDINATION(" Corporate trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation were relatively flat , sometimes choppy ." )))
Input: But he reiterated the bank 's position that it is comfortable with the current level of $ 2.6 billion , covering about 30 % of the $ 8.9 billion of such loans outstanding .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Wells Fargo continued to generate one of the highest profit margins among major banks , minimizing a drop in net interest margin with 13 % third-quarter growth in high-yielding business loans and similar growth in mortgages .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a 1.25 % return on average assets for the quarter , about 40 % higher than Security Pacific 's and a profit ratio matched by only two or three other major banks in the U.S. .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a 1.25 % return on average assets for the quarter , about 40 % higher than Security Pacific 's ." COORDINATION(" The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a profit ratio matched by only two other major banks in the U.S. ." , " The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a profit ratio matched by only three other major banks in the U.S. ." ))
Input: But the amount was still 39 % higher than the year-ago level , and 25 % higher as a percentage of total loans .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million , or 1.82 % of total loans .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for or against Mr. Gandhi and his five years in power -- five years of ups and downs , promises and disappointments and wide fluctuations in popularity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for Mr. Gandhi ." , " The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote against Mr. Gandhi ." , " The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote against his five years in power -- five years of wide fluctuations in popularity ." COORDINATION(" The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for his five years in power -- five years of ups ." , " The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for his five years in power -- five years of downs ." , " The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for his five years in power -- five years of promises ." , " The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for his five years in power -- five years of disappointments ." , " The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for his five years in power -- five years of wide fluctuations in popularity ." ))
Input: The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers , and was supposed to be free of commissions or agents ' costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers ." COORDINATION(" The contract was supposed to be free of commissions ." , " The contract was supposed to be free of agents ' costs ." ))
Input: But many of his statements on the issue in Parliament subsequently were proven wrong by documentary evidence .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The scandal has faded and flared , but recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages , and that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages ." , " that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills ." COORDINATION(" The scandal has faded ." , " The scandal has flared ." ))
Input: His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" His term has chalked up some successes ." COORDINATION(" His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics ." , " His term has produced no spectacular failures in the economy ." , " His term has produced no spectacular failures on the military front ." ))
Input: Prime Minister Gandhi tells the Indian Parliament , ... neither I nor any member of my family has received any consideration in these transactions .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances and letters between Bofors and certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances ." COORDINATION(" The Hindu newspaper publishes letters between Bofors related to the sale of the guns to India ." , " The Hindu newspaper publishes letters between certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India ." ))
Input: A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party concludes that there were no middlemen in the deal and no payment to any Indian individual or company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party concludes that there were no middlemen in the deal ." COORDINATION(" A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party concludes that there were no payment to any Indian individual ." , " A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party concludes that there were no payment to any Indian company ." ))
Input: CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Parsow and Elkhorn and therefore had no comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had no comment ." COORDINATION(" CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Parsow ." , " CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Elkhorn ." ))
Input: The partnerships said they may seek board representation , and they may seek the support of CACI 's board and other major shareholders in connection with their plans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The partnerships said they may seek board representation ." COORDINATION(" The partnerships said they may seek the support of CACI 's board in connection with their plans ." , " The partnerships said they may seek the support of other major shareholders in connection with their plans ." ))
Input: The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But most junk bonds closed unchanged after opening slightly higher on bargain-hunting by institutional investors .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Japanese bonds ended weaker .
Prediction: NONE
Input: A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill that provides a 28 % increase for space research and development and incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill that incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market ." COORDINATION(" A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill that provides a 28 % increase for space research ." , " A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill that provides a 28 % increase for space development ." ))
Input: And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision .
Prediction: NONE
Input: By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan , and despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals and conservatives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan ." COORDINATION(" despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals ." , " despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of conservatives ." ))
Input: The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy , but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose and its ultimate destination .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy ." COORDINATION(" the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose ." , " the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding its ultimate destination ." ))
Input: The Senate had refused late Friday to invoke cloture and limit debate , but behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority took shape yesterday and brushed aside amendments seeking to cut the total package or steer it away from direct aid to political parties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority brushed aside amendments seeking to steer it away from direct aid to political parties ." , " behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority brushed aside amendments seeking to cut the total package ." COORDINATION(" behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority took shape yesterday ." COORDINATION(" The Senate had refused late Friday to invoke cloture ." , " The Senate had refused late Friday to limit debate ." )))
Input: Final approval -- on a 64-35 roll call -- was never in doubt , but the opposition drew an unusual mix of senators , including Republicans Jesse Helms and Warren Rudman and Democrats Bill Bradley and John Glenn .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The money will be applied for voter registration and election monitoring , but more than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" more than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party ." COORDINATION(" The money will be applied for voter registration ." , " The money will be applied for election monitoring ." ))
Input: Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills and covers a disparate collection of accounts for science , housing , veterans and the environment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills ." COORDINATION(" Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for science ." , " Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for housing ." , " Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for veterans ." , " Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for the environment ." ))
Input: But it is driven by the same fiscal pressures that have forced lawmakers to resort to various bookkeeping devices to juggle as much as $ 1 billion in spending that would otherwise put the bill over budget .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for development in the National Space Administration ." COORDINATION(" the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds ." , " the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in transfers ." COORDINATION(" The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research in the National Aeronautics Administration ." , " The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research in the National Space Administration ." COORDINATION(" The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for development in the National Aeronautics Administration ." ))))
Input: And while setting a statutory limit of $ 1.6 billion on the automated space probe , the conference appropriated $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Among major domestic agencies , the Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those sought by the administration , with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: An estimated $ 1.57 billion is separately allocated for the National Science Foundation , and within the Housing and Urban Development Department , more than $ 9.2 billion is provided for federally assisted housing , including an expanded effort to modernize public housing units that serve the poorest families .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" An estimated $ 1.57 billion is separately allocated for the National Science Foundation ." COORDINATION(" within the Housing Department , more than $ 9.2 billion is provided for federally assisted housing , including an expanded effort to modernize public housing units that serve the poorest families ." , " within the Urban Development Department , more than $ 9.2 billion is provided for federally assisted housing , including an expanded effort to modernize public housing units that serve the poorest families ." ))
Input: The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million , and the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve balance between the House and Senate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million ." COORDINATION(" The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve balance between the House ." , " The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve balance between the Senate ." ))
Input: An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska , but estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all but about 30 flights would be covered .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all flights would be covered ." , " estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate about 30 flights would be covered ." COORDINATION(" An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii ." , " An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Alaska ." ))
Input: And after weeks of delay , the appropriations process is beginning to take some final shape .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit , which rose sharply in August , according to yesterday 's report , has been having less and less impact on the gold market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures , A-2 senior notes and bonds , A-2 preferred stock and the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures ." , " Ratings under review are A-2 preferred stock ." , " Ratings under review are the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper ." COORDINATION(" Ratings under review are A-2 senior notes ." , " Ratings under review are A-2 senior bonds ." ))
Input: The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs , improve margins and enhance its competitive position in its primary business , vehicle leasing and rental .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs ." , " The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to improve margins ." COORDINATION(" The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to enhance its competitive position in its primary business , vehicle leasing ." , " The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to enhance its competitive position in its primary business , vehicle rental ." ))
Input: Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise , but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise ." COORDINATION(" U.S. delegate Constance Harriman thundered that down ." , " others thundered that down ." ))
Input: Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were small retailers tied to the tourist industry and businesses in agriculture and cultivated seafood .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were small retailers tied to the tourist industry ." COORDINATION(" Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were businesses in agriculture ." , " Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were businesses in cultivated seafood ." ))
Input: And the group will urge that the federal government pre-empt state rules on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy -LRB- D. , Mass . -RRB- despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Groups representing some independent auto-repair shops join a compromise on the Clean Air legislation worked out between environmentalists and Rep. Henry Waxman -LRB- D. , Calif . -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Banc One Indiana Corp. , the successor company to American Fletcher Corp. , but will no longer be active in day-to-day management .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. McKinney will no longer be active in day-to-day management ." COORDINATION(" Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman of the board ." , " Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman of the executive committee of Banc One Indiana Corp. , the successor company to American Fletcher Corp. ." ))
Input: Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury ." COORDINATION(" Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at Federal Reserve banks ." , " Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at Federal Reserve branches ." ))
Input: The ratings concern said it downgraded Beatrice notes , Euronotes and certain industrial revenue bonds to single-B-1 from Ba-3 and the company 's subordinated debentures to single-B-3 from single-B-2 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The ratings concern said it the company 's subordinated debentures to single-B-3 from single-B-2 ." COORDINATION(" The ratings concern said it downgraded Beatrice notes to single-B-1 from Ba-3 ." , " The ratings concern said it downgraded Euronotes to single-B-1 from Ba-3 ." , " The ratings concern said it downgraded certain industrial revenue bonds to single-B-1 from Ba-3 ." ))
Input: When the Soviets announced their last soldier had left Afghanistan in February , the voices of skepticism were all but drowned out by an international chorus of euphoria .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And thousands of Afghan children have been taken to the Soviet Union , where they are hostage for the behavior of their families .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps , mine detectors , or even winter gloves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The resistance lacks not such essentials as maps ." , " The resistance lacks not such essentials as mine detectors ." , " The resistance lacks not such essentials as even winter gloves ." COORDINATION(" The resistance lacks not only air power ." , " The resistance lacks not only armor ." , " The resistance lacks not only expertise ." ))
Input: The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime ." COORDINATION(" The wonder is not that it continues to exist at all ." , " The wonder is not that it continues to fight at all ." ))
Input: Last summer , in response to congressional criticism , the State Department and the CIA said they had resumed military aid to the resistance months after it was cut off ; but it is not clear how much is being sent or when it will arrive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it is not clear how much is being sent ." , " it is not clear when it will arrive ." COORDINATION(" Last summer , in response to congressional criticism , the State Department said they had resumed military aid to the resistance months after it was cut off ." , " Last summer , in response to congressional criticism , the CIA said they had resumed military aid to the resistance months after it was cut off ." ))
Input: For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on miscalculation and the defense of bureaucratic and political turf .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on miscalculation ." COORDINATION(" For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on the defense of bureaucratic turf ." , " For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on the defense of political turf ." ))
Input: Yet , he asserts , you look around ... and you say , Who are the leaders ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it 's like kicking your father in the pants .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the administration has dropped any effort to win military aid for the rebels .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the administration 's deal with Congress gives several congressional committees the right to cut off even humanitarian aid next month , though the committees are likely to let aid continue until February .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The administration continues to support SDI , or Star Wars , and it recently lobbied to persuade the Senate to restore some of the funds it planned to cut from the program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it recently lobbied to persuade the Senate to restore some of the funds it planned to cut from the program ." COORDINATION(" The administration continues to support SDI , ." , " The administration continues to support Star Wars , ." ))
Input: But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The administration also acknowledges that it is n't pursuing Mr. Reagan 's original vision of an impenetrable shield protecting the whole U.S. , but rather a more modest version .
Prediction: NONE
Input: As a result , Frank Gaffney , a former Reagan Pentagon aide who now heads the Center for Security Policy , charges that the administration 's professions of continued commitment to development and deployment of the SDI program strain credulity .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But they say they ca n't make much headway because of a lack of willing leaders in a position to turn the tide .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Above all , though , proponents say neither the Contra nor the SDI cause can be pushed much further without more presidential support .
Prediction: NONE
Input: There is a huge divide between Mr. Allen 's we're-all-in-this-together view and the divisive litigation approach of the civil rights groups .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened a major U.S. trade exhibition in Moscow and spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as General Motors Corp. , International Business Machines Corp. and Johnson & Johnson .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened a major U.S. trade exhibition in Moscow ." COORDINATION(" Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as General Motors Corp. ." , " Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as International Business Machines Corp. ." , " Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as Johnson & Johnson ." ))
Input: In Beijing , meantime , China opened an international aviation show , but the West 's embargo on military deals and uncertainty about the nation 's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Beijing , meantime , China opened an international aviation show ." COORDINATION(" In Beijing , meantime , the West 's embargo on military deals kept many foreign exhibitors away ." , " In Beijing , meantime , uncertainty about the nation 's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away ." ))
Input: It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May ." COORDINATION(" It also intends to open shopping centers in Seattle by December 1990 ." , " It also intends to open shopping centers in Malaysia by December 1990 ." , " It also intends to open shopping centers in Taiwan by December 1990 ." , " It also intends to open shopping centers in Canada by December 1990 ." , " It also intends to open shopping centers in Chicago by December 1990 ." COORDINATION(" It also intends to open a department store in Bangkok by December 1990 ." )))
Input: Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported a strong gain in third-quarter operating results and net income of $ 29.9 million , or 40 cents a share , after preferred-stock requirements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported a strong gain in third-quarter operating results , after preferred-stock requirements ." COORDINATION(" Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported net income of $ 29.9 million , after preferred-stock requirements ." , " Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported net income of 40 cents a share , after preferred-stock requirements ." ))
Input: And , apparently , it is here to stay .
Prediction: NONE
Input: There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as stock-index futures and options ; computer-driven strategies like program trading ; and crowd psychology .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : computer-driven strategies like program trading ." , " There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : crowd psychology ." COORDINATION(" There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as stock-index futures ." , " There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as options ." ))
Input: And that , naturally , exacerbates price movements .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But when they discover that markets are n't always as liquid as they supposed -- markets jump .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And when many firms had to pay up , Monday 's sudden rally was sparked .
Prediction: NONE
Input: One new investment style called asset allocation shifts portfolio weightings between stocks , bonds and cash when computer models say one is more attractive .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Others are doing index arbitrage a strategy of taking advantage of price discrepancies between stocks and futures .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But institutions say Wall Street brokerage firms are less willing to make markets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And Robert D. Arnott , president of asset allocator First Quadrant , notes that before Friday 's tailspin , daily volatility on the New York Stock Exchange in recent weeks had reached historically low levels .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the low average volatility Mr. Phelan is talking about is n't any comfort in a period of rapid stock-market moves like the past week .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , Sanford Grossman , a Wharton School finance professor , says volatile jumps in stock prices will continue as long as liquidity falls short of the voracious demands of institutions who can go out and say I have a billion dollars of stocks to sell .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Redmond said the worm hit universities that had n't elected to make the changes .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , Mr. Alexander said , the worm sends strange messages to other machines at the center -- such as , George Orwell was an optimist , or Do n't feed the bats tonight .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The passwords are included in the system software when it is installed but are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is up and running .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The passwords are included in the system software when it is installed ." COORDINATION(" The passwords are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is up ." , " The passwords are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is running ." ))
Input: In practice , however , the line between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In 1983 , the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v. SEC decision , which found that liability depended on whether the tipper had breached his fiduciary duty to the corporation in order to obtain some personal gain and whether the tippee knew or recklessly disregarded this fact .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In 1983 , the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v. SEC decision , which found that liability depended on whether the tipper had breached his fiduciary duty to the corporation in order to obtain some personal gain ." COORDINATION(" In 1983 , the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v. SEC decision , which found that liability depended on whether the tippee knew this fact ." , " In 1983 , the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v. SEC decision , which found that liability depended on whether the tippee recklessly disregarded this fact ." ))
Input: Hearing of this information , the husband discussed it with his broker , Mr. Chestman , and Mr. Chestman then bought for his own account and other clients .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hearing of this information , the husband discussed it with his broker , Mr. Chestman ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Chestman then bought for his own account ." , " Mr. Chestman then bought for other clients ." ))
Input: Did Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breach a fiduciary duty -LRB- and , if so , to whom -RRB- ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: Did Mr. Loeb seek personal gain -LRB- and if so , how -RRB- ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: Or did Mr. Chestman only hear a market rumor -LRB- which one may lawfully trade upon -RRB- ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: Still , case-by-case retrospective decision making of this sort is vulnerable to the tunnel vision caused by a fixation on ad hoc -LRB- and usually sleazy -RRB- examples .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Along the way , investors dumped takeover stocks and shares of banks that have leveraged-buy-out debt and risky real estate loans on their books .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Along the way , investors dumped takeover stocks ." COORDINATION(" Along the way , investors dumped shares of banks that have leveraged-buy-out debt on their books ." , " Along the way , investors dumped shares of banks that have risky real estate loans on their books ." ))
Input: Among the three worst-performing groups , with declines of 10 % to 20 % , are airlines , casinos and securities brokers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But its auditor , Ernst & Young , said Enviropact 's financial situation raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But directors of the Great Neck , N.Y. , real estate investment trust did n't act on the common stock dividend .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And they wo n't consider such a dividend , the trust added , before results are available for the first quarter of 1990 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Reports from branches are that there has been greater interest in the last day or so , said Steven Braitman , a vice president at Chemical Bank in New York .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Friday 's market rout came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less yielded an average 8.02 % in the week ended Tuesday , down from 8.10 % , according to Banxquote .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on small and large-denomination CDs , but yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Mehl noted that yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on small CDs ." , " Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on large-denomination CDs ." ))
Input: In late April , when interest rates were at their recent highs , short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks .
Prediction: NONE
Input: While the U.S. share of the increase probably will not reach the $ 12 billion or more implicit in the IMF 's request for a doubling of its $ 90 billion capital , the administration probably will agree to a multibillion-dollar increase .
Prediction: NONE
Input: This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan and G-7 exchange-rate intervention , and with its financial commitment to Mexico , Poland and others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This would be consistent with its financial commitment to Mexico ." , " This would be consistent with its financial commitment to Poland ." , " This would be consistent with its financial commitment to others ." COORDINATION(" This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan ." , " This would be consistent with its unwavering support for G-7 exchange-rate intervention ." ))
Input: Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the administration give assurances that liberal Democrats ' support will not be used against them in congressional re-election campaigns ; and that the legislation address -- with dollars -- social and environmental concerns .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the administration give assurances that liberal Democrats ' support will not be used against them in congressional re-election campaigns ." COORDINATION(" Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the legislation address -- with dollars -- social concerns ." , " Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the legislation address -- with dollars -- environmental concerns ." ))
Input: Furthermore , a U.S. rejection of the capital increase -LRB- and transfer of shares to Japan -RRB- would give Japan an argument against future calls for economic burden-sharing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The Merc said that as part of the disciplinary settlement , neither man admitted , nor denied the alleged violations .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The purchase comes after nearly three years of on-again off-again talks between TCI and Viacom , which has also discussed the sale of an interest in Showtime with other cable operators .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office ." COORDINATION(" Showtime in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging its HBO cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business ." , " Showtime in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging its American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business ." COORDINATION(" Showtime in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business ." )))
Input: This takes any question of Showtime 's viability and puts it away once and for all , Mr. Biondi said in a telephone interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This takes any question of Showtime 's viability , Mr. Biondi said in a telephone interview ." COORDINATION(" This puts it away once , Mr. Biondi said in a telephone interview ." , " This puts it away for all , Mr. Biondi said in a telephone interview ." ))
Input: A spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included a 19 % pay hike in the first year and 8 % in the second and third years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included a 19 % pay hike in the first year ." COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included 8 % in the second years ." , " A spokesman for the engineers said the company asked the union to reduce its demands , which included 8 % in the third years ." ))
Input: It was n't clear , however , whether the actions were related to a battle between the corporate raider and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint Corp. , a San Antonio , Texas-based data-processing systems maker .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The filing also said certain provisions which apply to persons acquiring 20 % or more of Intelogic common stock , were waived by Intelogic for Mr. Edelman , who is chairman of the company .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Hudson 's researchers estimated that it would cost less than $ 650 million a year to test the entire population between the ages of 12 and 65 years old .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , the report recommends that federal and state governments provide free treatment to all who test positive .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And he added that manufactured goods exports are still rising .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Some analysts remain bullish and point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite key rate increases in Europe and Japan , several weeks of aggressive dollar sales by the world central banks -- some traders estimate that the barrage of sales topped $ 12 billion -- and a 190-point plunge on the New York Stock Exchange .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some analysts remain bullish ." COORDINATION(" Some analysts point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite key rate increases in Japan ." , " Some analysts point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite key rate increases in Europe ." COORDINATION(" Some analysts point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite several weeks of aggressive dollar sales by the world central banks -- some traders estimate that the barrage of sales topped $ 12 billion -- ." , " Some analysts point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite a 190-point plunge on the New York Stock Exchange ." )))
Input: But other analysts contend that while the Fed 's move to loosen credit has n't been aggressive , it nevertheless sends a clear signal that , at least for now , the Fed has relaxed its grip on credit .
Prediction: NONE
Input: For example , P&G up until now has n't sold coffee to airlines and does only limited business with hotels and large restaurant chains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For example , P&G up until now has n't sold coffee to airlines ." COORDINATION(" For example , P&G up until now does only limited business with hotels ." , " For example , P&G up until now does only limited business with large restaurant chains ." ))
Input: President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Labor , Education and Health and Human Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape and incest , the White House said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Labor because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape , the White House said ." , " President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Education because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape , the White House said ." , " President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Health Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of incest , the White House said ." , " President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Labor because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of incest , the White House said ." COORDINATION(" President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Health Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape , the White House said ." , " President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Human Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape , the White House said ." ))
Input: White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said negotiations between Bush aides and lawmakers ended Monday without success .
Prediction: NONE
Input: DFC is held 80 % by National Provident Fund , New Zealand 's largest pension fund , and 20 % by Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-bank and securities-firm subsidiary of Salomon Inc. in New York .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" DFC is held 80 % by National Provident Fund , New Zealand 's largest pension fund ." COORDINATION(" DFC is 20 % by Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-bank subsidiary of Salomon Inc. in New York ." , " DFC is 20 % by Salomon Brothers Inc. , the securities-firm subsidiary of Salomon Inc. in New York ." ))
Input: The average interest rate fell to 8.292 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.483 % at last week 's sale .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan meets regularly for lunch with Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady and talks frequently with Budget Director Richard Darman and Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan meets regularly for lunch with Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady ." COORDINATION(" Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan talks frequently with Budget Director Richard Darman ." , " Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan talks frequently with Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers ." ))
Input: But operating profit from aerospace products rose nearly 50 % to $ 15 million from $ 10.1 million .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And on London 's Stock Exchange Monday , 18.5 million shares were traded , far above the usual volume .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But yesterday 's announcement indicates that Ford has n't lost interest .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But a crucial point is how Ford reacts when GM , the world 's largest auto maker , firms up its proposed deal with Jaguar .
Prediction: NONE
Input: U.S. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of Jaguar , could give Ford enough votes to block the GM deal .
Prediction: NONE
Input: He believes Jaguar 's share price could zoom to between # 8 and # 10 -LRB- $ 12.60 to $ 15.80 -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Net income : $ 44.9 million ; or 25 cents a share
Prediction: NONE
Input: Net loss : $ 1.7 million vs. net income : $ 21.2 million ; or 12 cents a share
Prediction: NONE
Input: The # 76.6 million -LRB- $ 120.6 million -RRB- in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million -LRB- $ 252 million -RRB- a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The # 76.6 million -LRB- $ 120.6 million -RRB- in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million -LRB- $ 252 million -RRB- a year earlier ." COORDINATION(" The # 76.6 million -LRB- $ 120.6 million -RRB- in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was below market expectations of # 80 million ." , " The # 76.6 million -LRB- $ 120.6 million -RRB- in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was below market expectations of # 90 million ." ))
Input: But its stock jumped again yesterday as it disclosed surprisingly strong margins on those sales .
Prediction: NONE
Input: MIPS is a leader in what is known as reduced-instruction set computing , or RISC , a technology combining microprocessors and sophisticated software .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MIPS is a leader in what is known as reduced-instruction set computing ." COORDINATION(" MIPS is a leader in what is known as RISC , a technology combining microprocessors ." , " MIPS is a leader in what is known as RISC , a technology combining sophisticated software ." ))
Input: Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by futures-related program selling and further declines by UAL and other airline stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by futures-related program selling ." COORDINATION(" Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by further declines by UAL ." , " Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by further declines by other airline stocks ." ))
Input: BroadBeach did n't identify the buyer of the shares , but the date of the selloff followed by one day the Swedish concern 's tender offer , and the indicated price of the shares sold equals SKF 's $ 72-a-share tender offer price .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" BroadBeach did n't identify the buyer of the shares ." COORDINATION(" the date of the selloff followed by one day the Swedish concern 's tender offer ." , " the indicated price of the shares sold equals SKF 's $ 72-a-share tender offer price ." ))
Input: A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market ." COORDINATION(" A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company could n't identify the buyer ." , " A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company could n't identify the buyers ." ))
Input: Mr. Turner said the test initially will be used in conjunction with biopsies and other tests , but eventually might become the benchmark for tumor analysis .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Turner said the test eventually might become the benchmark for tumor analysis ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Turner said the test initially will be used in conjunction with biopsies ." , " Mr. Turner said the test initially will be used in conjunction with other tests ." ))
Input: Couch-potato jocks watching ABC 's Monday Night Football can now vote during halftime for the greatest play in 20 years from among four or five filmed replays .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the new syndicated reality show Hard Copy records viewers ' opinions for possible airing on the next day 's show .
Prediction: NONE
Input: For a while , high-cost pornography lines and services that tempt children to dial -LRB- and redial -RRB- movie or music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image , but new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses ." COORDINATION(" For a while , services that tempt children to dial -LRB- and redial -RRB- movie information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image ." , " For a while , services that tempt children to dial -LRB- and redial -RRB- music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image ." COORDINATION(" For a while , high-cost pornography lines earned the service a somewhat sleazy image ." )))
Input: Before , callers of 900 numbers would just listen and not talk , or they 'd vote yes or no by calling one of two numbers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Before , they 'd vote yes by calling one of two numbers ." , " Before , they 'd vote no by calling one of two numbers ." COORDINATION(" Before , callers of 900 numbers would just listen ." , " Before , callers of 900 numbers would not talk ." ))
Input: If the caller stays on the line and leaves a name and address for the sponsor , coupons and a newsletter will be mailed , and the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the caller stays on the line , the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers ." , " If the caller leaves a name for the sponsor , coupons will be mailed ." , " If the caller leaves a address for the sponsor , coupons will be mailed ." COORDINATION(" If the caller stays on the line , coupons will be mailed ." , " If the caller stays on the line , a newsletter will be mailed ." COORDINATION(" If the caller leaves a name for the sponsor , the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers ." , " If the caller leaves a address for the sponsor , the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers ." )))
Input: And we were able to attract some new advertisers because this is something new .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Mr. Monsky sees much bigger changes ahead .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Integrated said that it would continue to pursue other alternatives to sell the five core companies and that a group of senior executives plans to make a proposal to purchase three of the companies -- Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , Resources Trust Co. and Integrated Resources Asset Management Corp .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Integrated said that it would continue to pursue other alternatives to sell the five core companies ." COORDINATION(" Integrated said that a group of senior executives plans to make a proposal to purchase three of the companies -- Integrated Resources Equity Corp. ." , " Integrated said that a group of senior executives plans to make a proposal to purchase three of the companies -- Resources Trust Co. ." , " Integrated said that a group of senior executives plans to make a proposal to purchase three of the companies -- Integrated Resources Asset Management Corp ." ))
Input: The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers and financial planners who sell insurance , annuities , limited partnerships , mutual funds and other investments for Integrated and other firms .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers who sell insurance ." , " The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 financial planners who sell insurance ." , " The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers who sell annuities ." , " The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers who sell limited partnerships ." , " The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers who sell mutual funds ." , " The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 financial planners who sell other investments for other firms ." COORDINATION(" The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers who sell other investments for Integrated ." , " The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers who sell other investments for other firms ." ))
Input: Some buildings collapsed , gas and water lines ruptured and fires raged .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some buildings collapsed ." , " fires raged ." COORDINATION(" gas lines ruptured ." , " water lines ruptured ." ))
Input: The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose and Berkeley , knocked out electricity and telephones , cracked roadways and disrupted subway service in the Bay Area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose , cracked roadways ." , " The quake , which also caused damage in Berkeley , cracked roadways ." , " The quake , which also caused damage in Berkeley , knocked out telephones ." , " The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose , disrupted subway service in the Bay Area ." COORDINATION(" The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose , knocked out electricity ." , " The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose , knocked out telephones ." ))
Input: Libyan leader Gadhafi met with Egypt 's President Mubarak , and the two officials pledged to respect each other 's laws , security and stability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Libyan leader Gadhafi met with Egypt 's President Mubarak ." COORDINATION(" the two officials pledged to respect each other 's laws ." , " the two officials pledged to respect each other 's security ." , " the two officials pledged to respect each other 's stability ." ))
Input: The Hackensack , N.J. , company said holders would receive for each $ 1,000 face amount , $ 750 face amount of a new issue of secured senior subordinated notes , convertible into common stock at an initial rate of $ 6.50 a share , and 50 common shares .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And rumors of forced selling by takeover-stock traders triggered a 25-point downdraft in the Dow Jones Industrial Average around 11:15 a.m. EDT yesterday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Citicorp , for example , said only that it had expressions of interest of a transaction from both the borrowers and the banks , but did n't have an agreement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Citicorp , for example , said only that it did n't have an agreement ." COORDINATION(" Citicorp , for example , said only that it had expressions of interest of a transaction from both the borrowers ." , " Citicorp , for example , said only that it had expressions of interest of a transaction from both the banks ." ))
Input: But he gave few details on the progress toward a new bid , saying only , We are working toward a revised proposal for majority employee ownership .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or that the board might consider a recapitalization .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The takeover-stock traders were hoping that the board might consider a recapitalization ." COORDINATION(" The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis might re-emerge with the situation in disarray ." , " The takeover-stock traders were hoping that one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray ." ))
Input: It attracts people with funny hair -LRB- or with no hair -- in front of me a girl with spiked locks sat beside a boy who had shaved his -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And plays .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , Oriental , repetitive , cyclical , monophonic and hypnotic , are relentlessly tonal -LRB- therefore unthreatening -RRB- , unvaryingly rhythmic -LRB- therefore soporific -RRB- , and unflaggingly harmonious but unmelodic -LRB- therefore both pretty and unconventional -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , are relentlessly tonal -LRB- therefore unthreatening -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as Oriental , are relentlessly tonal -LRB- therefore unthreatening -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as repetitive , are relentlessly tonal -LRB- therefore unthreatening -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as cyclical , are relentlessly tonal -LRB- therefore unthreatening -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as monophonic , are relentlessly tonal -LRB- therefore unthreatening -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as hypnotic , are relentlessly tonal -LRB- therefore unthreatening -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , are unvaryingly rhythmic -LRB- therefore soporific -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as Oriental , are unflaggingly harmonious -LRB- therefore both pretty -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , are unflaggingly harmonious -LRB- therefore both pretty -RRB- ." , " The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , are unflaggingly harmonious -LRB- therefore both unconventional -RRB- ." COORDINATION(" The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , are unmelodic -LRB- therefore both pretty -RRB- ." )))
Input: There is a recognizable musical style here , but not a particular performance style .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Parts 1 , 2 , and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , The Thin Blue Line , and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name ." COORDINATION(" Parts 1 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , The Thin Blue Line ." , " Parts 2 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , The Thin Blue Line ." , " Parts 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , The Thin Blue Line ." ))
Input: But while making the obvious point that both composers develop variations from themes , this comparison ignores the intensely claustrophobic nature of Mr. Glass 's music .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the astringency of neoclassical Stravinsky , the genuinely radical minimalism of Berg and Webern , and what in retrospect even seems like concision in Mahler .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the astringency of neoclassical Stravinsky ." , " Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for what in retrospect even seems like concision in Mahler ." COORDINATION(" Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the genuinely radical minimalism of Berg ." , " Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the genuinely radical minimalism of Webern ." ))
Input: This statement surely buttresses your editorial viewpoint that environmental protection is generally silly or excessive , but it is simply wrong .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it is simply wrong ." COORDINATION(" This statement surely buttresses your editorial viewpoint that environmental protection is generally silly ." , " This statement surely buttresses your editorial viewpoint that environmental protection is generally excessive ." ))
Input: Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch and water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing but chance or oversight protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch and waters , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors ." , " Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors ." , " Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing protects them , as they cower in the night with their waters , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors ." , " Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that chance protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors ." , " Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing protects them , as they cower in the night with their waters , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors ." COORDINATION(" Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that chance protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors ." , " Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that oversight protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors ." ))
Input: But this year , when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died , so too did some advertiser interest .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And National Geographic 's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But Ms. McCraw says the magazine is fighting back .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The agency did n't cite specific situations where dual trading might be allowed , but smaller exchanges or contracts that need additional liquidity are expected to be among them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency did n't cite specific situations where dual trading might be allowed ." COORDINATION(" smaller exchanges that need additional liquidity are expected to be among them ." , " smaller contracts that need additional liquidity are expected to be among them ." ))
Input: The House 's bill would prohibit dual trading in markets with daily average volume of 7,000 contracts or more , comprising those considered too difficult to track without a sophisticated computer system .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But at a meeting last week , Tom Donovan , the Board of Trade 's president , told commodity lawyers : Dual trading is definitely worth saving .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some dealers are negotiating looser terms , while others decline to deal at all .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But only two-thirds of Lexus dealers are constructing new buildings according to the Lexus specs .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But others said pico should proceed .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Dictaphone went ahead and introduced the pico in 1985 , but it has n't sold well .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it has n't sold well ." COORDINATION(" Dictaphone went ahead ." , " Dictaphone introduced the pico in 1985 ." ))
Input: The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month and will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design and the University of California at Berkeley .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month ." COORDINATION(" The studies will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design ." , " The studies will travel to the University of California at Berkeley ." ))
Input: But other rake makers have their doubts .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They either pick it up , he says , or they start pulling from a fresh direction .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE
Input: To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Army or the Air Force and put more of the Navy and Marines under it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To keep him quiet we put more of the Navy under it ." , " To keep him quiet we put more of the Marines under it ." COORDINATION(" To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Army ." , " To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Air Force ." ))
Input: But we still hear him moaning at night because the Navy has a few ships left , and to satisfy him the Navy 's sea lift forces were given to a new Air Force bureaucracy in Illinois , its space operations to another command in Colorado , the frogmen to a new Army bureaucracy in Fort Bragg , and the Navy 's Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf forces to an Army bureaucracy in Florida .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But we still hear him moaning at night because the Navy has a few ships left ." COORDINATION(" to satisfy him the Navy 's Indian Ocean forces to an Army bureaucracy in Florida ." , " to satisfy him the Navy 's Persian Gulf forces to an Army bureaucracy in Florida ." COORDINATION(" to satisfy him the Navy 's sea lift forces were given to a new Air Force bureaucracy in Illinois ." , " to satisfy him its space operations to another command in Colorado ." , " to satisfy him the frogmen to a new Army bureaucracy in Fort Bragg ." )))
Input: After Mr. Carter was defeated in 1980 , the shah 's ghost claimed the credit and then went after President Reagan and Cap Weinberger .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After Mr. Carter was defeated in 1980 , the shah 's ghost claimed the credit ." COORDINATION(" After Mr. Carter was defeated in 1980 , the shah 's ghost then went after President Reagan ." , " After Mr. Carter was defeated in 1980 , the shah 's ghost then went after Cap Weinberger ." ))
Input: Cap added four more divisions to the Army , two active and two reserve ; two carrier groups to the Navy ; a division -- equivalent to the Marines ; and the C-5B , KC-10 , C-17 and a thousand tactical aircraft to the Air Force .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Cap two carrier groups to the Navy ." , " Cap a division -- equivalent to the Marines ." COORDINATION(" Cap the C-5B , KC-10 , C-17 to the Air Force ." , " Cap a thousand tactical aircraft to the Air Force ." COORDINATION(" Cap added four more divisions to the Army , two active ." , " Cap added four more divisions to the Army , two reserve ." )))
Input: He bought $ 4 billion in prepositioning ships and $ 7 billion in ammo and equipment to fill them , and parked them at a new $ 6 billion base at Diego Garcia in the middle of the Indian Ocean .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He parked them at a new $ 6 billion base at Diego Garcia in the middle of the Indian Ocean ." COORDINATION(" He bought $ 7 billion in ammo to fill them ." , " He bought $ 7 billion in equipment to fill them ." COORDINATION(" He bought $ 4 billion in prepositioning ships ." )))
Input: But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more and $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions and three Marine brigades could unload from all those new ships and aircraft and go to war in the Zagros mountains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more in order that those seven new Army divisions could go to war in the Zagros mountains ." , " But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions could go to war in the Zagros mountains ." , " But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions could unload from all those new ships ." , " But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more in order that those three Marine brigades could go to war in the Zagros mountains ." , " But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more in order that those three Marine brigades could unload from all those new aircraft ." , " But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those three Marine brigades could go to war in the Zagros mountains ." COORDINATION(" But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more in order that those seven new Army divisions could unload from all those new ships ." , " But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more in order that those seven new Army divisions could unload from all those new aircraft ." ))
Input: But then it turned out that President Siad Barrah was not at all a nice person and the Navy pointed out that the base he promised us in Berbera had silted up about a hundred years ago and anyway was 1,244 miles from the mouth of the Gulf .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But then it turned out that President Siad Barrah was not at all a nice person ." COORDINATION(" the Navy pointed out that the base he promised us in Berbera had silted up about a hundred years ago ." , " the Navy pointed out that the base he promised us in Berbera anyway was 1,244 miles from the mouth of the Gulf ." ))
Input: -LRB- But who 's counting . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE
Input: But would n't you know , now that we are spending jillions of dollars , and have built those new divisions and new air wings , and have positioned all these ships and supplies to fight the Russians in Iran , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But would n't you know , now that we are spending jillions of dollars , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject ." COORDINATION(" But would n't you know , now that we have positioned all these ships to fight the Russians in Iran , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject ." , " But would n't you know , now that we have positioned all these supplies to fight the Russians in Iran , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject ." COORDINATION(" But would n't you know , now that we have built those new divisions , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject ." , " But would n't you know , now that we have built new air wings , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject ." )))
Input: And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: So next day Mr. Cheney went out and did just that : He canceled the 600-ship Navy and cut back one carrier and 20 frigates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So next day Mr. Cheney went out : He canceled the 600-ship Navy ." , " So next day Mr. Cheney did just that : He canceled the 600-ship Navy ." , " So next day Mr. Cheney did just that : He cut back 20 frigates ." COORDINATION(" So next day Mr. Cheney went out : He cut back one carrier ." , " So next day Mr. Cheney went out : He cut back 20 frigates ." ))
Input: Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s , and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s ." COORDINATION(" the ghosts will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white ." , " the banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white ." ))
Input: At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust ." COORDINATION(" At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed its flamboyant chairman , David L. Paul ." , " At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed its flamboyant chief executive , David L. Paul ." ))
Input: So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And CenTrust has other problems .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon , have stopped buying , and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting ... .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in takeovers ... ." , " the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market ... ." COORDINATION(" the new buyers are brilliant men who rushed into collecting ... ." COORDINATION(" The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon , have stopped buying ... ." , " The great collectors we depended on , such as Norton Simon , have stopped buying ... ." )))
Input: -LRB- Trouble is , Mr. Bond has yet to pay up , and until he does , Sotheby 's has the painting under lock and key . -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- Trouble is , Mr. Bond has yet to pay up . -RRB-" COORDINATION(" -LRB- until he does , Sotheby 's has the painting under lock . -RRB-" , " -LRB- until he does , Sotheby 's has the painting under key . -RRB-" ))
Input: And he tells me , If you want to see your paintings , you 'll have to come to my house in Florida .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And , according to one dealer , Mr. Wachter had a penchant for introducing Mr. Paul with the phrase : He can buy anything .
Prediction: NONE
Input: People were interested in seeing him , but it was recognized that the route was through Sotheby 's and particularly George Wachter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" People were interested in seeing him ." COORDINATION(" it was recognized that the route was through Sotheby 's ." , " it was recognized that the route was through particularly George Wachter ." ))
Input: The state obliquely noted that unsafe banking practices are grounds for removing an officer or director and closed with the admonition to Mr. Paul : Govern yourself accordingly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The state closed with the admonition to Mr. Paul : Govern yourself accordingly ." COORDINATION(" The state obliquely noted that unsafe banking practices are grounds for removing an officer ." , " The state obliquely noted that unsafe banking practices are grounds for removing an director ." ))
Input: The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens and a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's furniture and fixtures , were actually hanging in the chairman 's house .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens were actually hanging in the chairman 's house ." COORDINATION(" The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's furniture , were actually hanging in the chairman 's house ." , " The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's fixtures , were actually hanging in the chairman 's house ." ))
Input: Mr. Paul says that at one point he did indeed have eight or nine of the paintings at home and that the rest were in storage at Sotheby 's .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul says that the rest were in storage at Sotheby 's ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul says that at one point he did indeed have eight of the paintings at home ." , " Mr. Paul says that at one point he did indeed have nine of the paintings at home ." ))
Input: But art that has fallen sharply in value is rarely put up for sale .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But from his vantage point , it is n't that Mr. Paul , a customer of his too , overpaid for the work , a gargantuan painting by an artist who is not a household word .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Paul says he had not one but four advisers and that he never bid impulsively .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul says that he never bid impulsively ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul says he had not one ." , " Mr. Paul says he had four advisers ." ))
Input: But in art-world parlance , Mr. Paul 's holdings are burnt .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But quick turnover in artwork is like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50 % .
Prediction: NONE
Input: On occasion , he paid a high price , Mr. Wachter concedes , but he says those who bid less and dropped out were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On occasion , he paid a high price ." COORDINATION(" he says those who bid less were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors ." , " he says those who dropped out were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors ." ))
Input: Estimates are based on the previous price of similar works sold at auction and current market conditions , and are not affected by any knowledge of who the potential buyer could be .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Estimates are not affected by any knowledge of who the potential buyer could be ." COORDINATION(" Estimates are based on the previous price of similar works sold at auction ." , " Estimates are based on the previous price of current market conditions ." ))
Input: Mr. Paul says that he has feelers out over much of the globe and that potential buyers from as far away as Japan and Italy have examined the collection .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul says that he has feelers out over much of the globe ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul says that potential buyers from as far away as Japan have examined the collection ." , " Mr. Paul says that potential buyers from as far away as Italy have examined the collection ." ))
Input: The offices are done in hardwood and oriental rugs , leatherbound books and , of course , a $ 12 million Rubens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The offices are done in leatherbound books ." , " The offices are done in a $ 12 million Rubens ." COORDINATION(" The offices are done in hardwood ." , " The offices are done in oriental rugs ." ))
Input: But he implores that the splendor be played down .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs , but the others were from industry and academia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs ." COORDINATION(" the others were from industry ." , " the others were from academia ." ))
Input: And in November 1970 Congress had passed a special act to overrule one board rule .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Amcast previously had said it planned to repurchase shares , but did n't disclose when or how many shares it intended to buy back .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Amcast previously had said it planned to repurchase shares ." COORDINATION(" Amcast did n't disclose when ." , " Amcast did n't disclose how many shares it intended to buy back ." ))
Input: The price of the second simulator ranges between C$ 16.4 million and C$ 18 million , CAE said , depending on when the Army exercises its option .
Prediction: NONE
Input: CAE is a Toronto-based maker of commercial and military aircraft simulators and training equipment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CAE is a Toronto-based maker of training equipment ." COORDINATION(" CAE is a Toronto-based maker of commercial aircraft simulators ." , " CAE is a Toronto-based maker of military aircraft simulators ." ))
Input: David Lung has been with Patrick since 1970 , and has served as vice president for administration and purchasing since 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" David Lung has been with Patrick since 1970 ." COORDINATION(" David Lung has served as vice president for administration since 1987 ." , " David Lung has served as vice president for purchasing since 1987 ." ))
Input: Analysts on average had been expecting about $ 2.70 for Alcoa and $ 1 for Alcan .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But quite a few money managers are n't buying it .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely earnings growth and the LBO sweepstakes -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as media and airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely earnings growth ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely the LBO sweepstakes -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as media ." , " Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely the LBO sweepstakes -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as airlines ." ))
Input: He expects stocks to decline an additional 5 % to 30 % , with the Dow perhaps bottoming out between 2000 and 2100 between now and June .
Prediction: NONE
Input: For instance , he says , International Business Machines and Unisys might look cheap , but investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , he says , investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , strong performers in recent years ." , " For instance , he says , investors might continue to do better with stocks like Procter & Gamble , strong performers in recent years ." , " For instance , he says , investors might continue to do better with stocks like Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years ." COORDINATION(" For instance , he says , International Business Machines might look cheap ." , " For instance , he says , Unisys might look cheap ." ))
Input: The chains include Bloomingdale 's , owned by Campeau Corp. , Toronto ; Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's , owned by B.A.T Industries PLC , London ; and B. Altman & Co. and Sakowitz Inc. , owned by Hooker Corp. , which is now being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The chains include Bloomingdale 's , owned by Campeau Corp. , Toronto ." COORDINATION(" The chains include B. Altman & Co. , owned by Hooker Corp. , which is now being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator ." , " The chains include Sakowitz Inc. , owned by Hooker Corp. , which is now being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator ." COORDINATION(" The chains include Saks Fifth Avenue , owned by B.A.T Industries PLC , London ." , " The chains include Marshall Field 's , owned by B.A.T Industries PLC , London ." )))
Input: But when prices were crazy , it was even harder to do an LBO .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Not only could the Wall Street gyrations damp Christmas sales if consumers lose confidence in the economy , but potential junk-bond buyers are sure to demand even stronger covenants and greater management equity participation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not only could the Wall Street gyrations damp Christmas sales if consumers lose confidence in the economy ." COORDINATION(" Not only potential junk-bond buyers are sure to demand even stronger covenants ." , " Not only potential junk-bond buyers are sure to demand greater management equity participation ." ))
Input: But the hurdle of financing still has to be resolved .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But pipeline companies estimate they still face $ 2.4 billion in liabilities from unresolved disputes , including $ 1 billion they fear they wo n't be able to pass on to customers .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The court , agreeing with pipeline companies , found the March 31 deadline was arbitrary and capricious and highly prejudicial to the bargaining power of pipelines that were forced to negotiate settlement of the old take-or-pay contracts to meet the deadline .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The court , agreeing with pipeline companies , found the March 31 deadline was highly prejudicial to the bargaining power of pipelines that were forced to negotiate settlement of the old take-or-pay contracts to meet the deadline ." COORDINATION(" The court , agreeing with pipeline companies , found the March 31 deadline was arbitrary ." , " The court , agreeing with pipeline companies , found the March 31 deadline was capricious ." ))
Input: But opponents fear overcrowding .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The three establishments -- two in Warsaw and one in Krakow -- accept only foreign currency and are joint ventures between Polish firms and Western companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The three establishments -- two in Warsaw -- accept only foreign currency ." , " The three establishments -- one in Krakow -- accept only foreign currency ." , " The three establishments -- one in Krakow -- are joint ventures between Western companies ." COORDINATION(" The three establishments -- two in Warsaw -- are joint ventures between Polish firms ." , " The three establishments -- two in Warsaw -- are joint ventures between Western companies ." ))
Input: The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of rivers and lakes , limiting damage from industrial accidents and improving the handling of harmful chemicals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The gathering is expected to focus on limiting damage from industrial accidents ." , " The gathering is expected to focus on improving the handling of harmful chemicals ." COORDINATION(" The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of rivers ." , " The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of lakes ." ))
Input: Hyundai and Daewoo seem unconcerned about the SsangYong threat , but Kia , the scrappy No.3 auto maker , is selling four-wheel-drive vehicles through its Asia unit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kia , the scrappy No.3 auto maker , is selling four-wheel-drive vehicles through its Asia unit ." COORDINATION(" Hyundai seem unconcerned about the SsangYong threat ." , " Daewoo seem unconcerned about the SsangYong threat ." ))
Input: But Daewoo is expanding too .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash , as some did during Black Monday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But funds generally are better prepared this time around .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the horrendous pace of call volume in the first half-hour slowed considerably .
Prediction: NONE
Input: At Fidelity 's office in downtown Boston , Gerald Sherman walked in shortly after 7:30 a.m. and placed an order to switch his retirement accounts out of three stock funds and into a money market fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Fidelity 's office in downtown Boston , Gerald Sherman walked in shortly after 7:30 a.m. ." COORDINATION(" At Fidelity 's office in downtown Boston , Gerald Sherman placed an order to switch his retirement accounts out of three stock funds ." , " At Fidelity 's office in downtown Boston , Gerald Sherman placed an order to switch his retirement accounts into a money market fund ." ))
Input: But by 3:15 p.m. , with the market comfortably ahead for the day , Mr. Sherman was preparing to undo his switch .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But some investors continued to switch out of high-risk , high-yield junk funds despite yesterday 's rebound from that market 's recent price declines .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the new lens became the eye of a storm .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And there were Senate hearings on the questions in July 1972 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In the wake of Friday 's plunge and yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals , and others wish they could .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" others wish they could ." COORDINATION(" In the wake of Friday 's plunge , some companies are already postponing deals ." , " In the wake of yesterday 's rebound , some companies are already postponing deals ." ))
Input: But with the company 's shares standing at $ 15 yesterday , a new offering seems unlikely , company officials say .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the Columbia , Md. , company may have to settle for a lower price , he adds .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the tunnel 's just gotten longer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But now , Peter Behrendt , president , says , We 're making decisions on a day-to-day basis .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But the market turmoil could be partially beneficial for some small businesses .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The company said aerospace and defense sales were up 2 % for the quarter to $ 802 million , and operating profit climbed 6 % to $ 61 million , mainly because of improved program performance in spacecraft and advanced-technology contracts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said aerospace sales were up 2 % for the quarter to $ 802 million , mainly because of improved program performance in advanced-technology contracts ." , " The company said operating profit climbed 6 % to $ 61 million , mainly because of improved program performance in spacecraft contracts ." , " The company said operating profit climbed 6 % to $ 61 million , mainly because of improved program performance in advanced-technology contracts ." COORDINATION(" The company said aerospace sales were up 2 % for the quarter to $ 802 million , mainly because of improved program performance in spacecraft contracts ." , " The company said defense sales were up 2 % for the quarter to $ 802 million , mainly because of improved program performance in spacecraft contracts ." ))
Input: It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' minds , manners and morals , and argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery , willful blindness , role-playing and especially the locutions of its domestic servants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery ." , " It argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in willful blindness ." , " It argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in role-playing ." , " It argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in especially the locutions of its domestic servants ." COORDINATION(" It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' minds ." , " It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' manners ." , " It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' morals ." ))
Input: As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps -LRB- he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge -RRB- not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view and thereby provides a self-portrait , a credo and the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps -LRB- he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge -RRB- not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view :" COORDINATION(" As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps -LRB- he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge -RRB- not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens thereby provides a self-portrait :" , " As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps -LRB- he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge -RRB- not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens thereby provides a credo :" , " As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps -LRB- he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge -RRB- not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens thereby provides the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading :" ))
Input: But let Stevens continue in his unwitting comic manner -LRB- his conscious efforts at banter always fail -- most comically -RRB- : This whole question is very akin to the question that has caused much debate in our profession over the years : what is a great butler ?
Prediction: NONE
Input: That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That Stevens himself is not funny , is entirely the author 's triumph ." , " That Stevens himself is not sad , is entirely the author 's triumph ." , " That Stevens himself is not enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph ." COORDINATION(" That Stevens himself is not grotesque , is entirely the author 's triumph ." , " That Stevens himself is not repellent , is entirely the author 's triumph ." ))
Input: With great aplomb he considers not only filial devotion and -LRB- utterly repressed -RRB- sexual love , but British anti-Semitism , the gentry 's impatience with democracy and support of Hitler , and the moral problematics of loyalty : It is , in practice , simply not possible to adopt such a critical attitude towards an employer and at the same time provide good service ... .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With great aplomb he considers not only the moral problematics of loyalty : It is , in practice , simply not possible to at the same time provide good service ... ." , " With great aplomb he considers not only the moral problematics of loyalty : It is , in practice , simply not possible to adopt such a critical attitude towards an employer ... ." COORDINATION(" With great aplomb he considers not only the gentry 's support of Hitler ... ." , " With great aplomb he considers not only the gentry 's impatience with democracy ... ." COORDINATION(" With great aplomb he considers not only British anti-Semitism ... ." COORDINATION(" With great aplomb he considers not only filial devotion ... ." , " With great aplomb he considers not only -LRB- utterly repressed -RRB- sexual love ... ." ))))
Input: In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of her and of his employer , and declares I trusted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens declares I trusted ." COORDINATION(" In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of her ." , " In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of his employer ." ))
Input: But as The Remains of the Day so eloquently demonstrates with quiet virtuosity , such wisdom can be movingly embodied in art .
Prediction: NONE
Input: UGI is a gas and electric utility and distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" UGI distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary ." COORDINATION(" UGI is a gas utility ." , " UGI is a electric utility ." ))
Input: And then there is his notion of an Irish-Soviet charter airline to ferry Armenians to Los Angeles via Shannon .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Aeroflot carried about 125 million passengers last year , and Shannon Airport , the airline 's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union , saw 1,400 Aeroflot flights and 250,000 passengers pass through .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Aeroflot carried about 125 million passengers last year ." COORDINATION(" Shannon Airport , the airline 's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union , saw 1,400 Aeroflot flights pass through ." , " Shannon Airport , the airline 's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union , saw 250,000 passengers pass through ." ))
Input: Duty-free shops in Leningrad 's Pulkova Airport opened in July , and hard-currency shops in Leningrad hotels and on the Soviet-Finnish frontier are coming soon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Duty-free shops in Leningrad 's Pulkova Airport opened in July ." COORDINATION(" hard-currency shops in Leningrad hotels are coming soon ." , " hard-currency shops on the Soviet-Finnish frontier are coming soon ." ))
Input: Aer Rianta is talking about similar joint ventures in Tashkent and in Sochi , a Black Sea resort , and even has a computer-assembly project cooking with the Georgian city of Tbilisi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Aer Rianta even has a computer-assembly project cooking with the Georgian city of Tbilisi ." COORDINATION(" Aer Rianta is talking about similar joint ventures in Tashkent ." , " Aer Rianta is talking about similar joint ventures in Sochi , a Black Sea resort , ." ))
Input: We 've had the Russians and Chinese , and people from India visiting us , Mr. Iverson beams .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 've had people from India visiting us , Mr. Iverson beams ." COORDINATION(" We 've had the Russians visiting us , Mr. Iverson beams ." , " We 've had the Chinese visiting us , Mr. Iverson beams ." ))
Input: But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But that wo n't suffice .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Cementing such relationships with major clients -- car and appliance makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are relying on a smaller pool of producers and flirting with plastic and aluminum makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Cementing such relationships with major clients -- car makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are relying on a smaller pool of producers ." , " Cementing such relationships with major clients -- appliance makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are relying on a smaller pool of producers ." , " Cementing such relationships with major clients -- appliance makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are flirting with plastic makers ." COORDINATION(" Cementing such relationships with major clients -- car makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are flirting with plastic makers ." , " Cementing such relationships with major clients -- car makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are flirting with aluminum makers ." ))
Input: But steelmakers must also find new markets .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But unfortunately , that segment is much smaller than the bread-and-butter flat-rolled steel .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The main issues remaining are how to calculate damages and whether the infringement was willful and deliberate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The main issues remaining are how to calculate damages ." COORDINATION(" The main issues remaining are whether the infringement was willful ." , " The main issues remaining are whether the infringement was deliberate ." ))
Input: But Irving Kayton , a patent expert at George Mason University School of Law who is familiar with the case , said the fact that seven patents were infringed suggests that infringement was willful .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Moreover , Polaroid contends it could have sold them at a higher price -- and thus made higher profits -- because it would n't have been forced to match Kodak 's lower prices .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , IBM noted that the stronger dollar has cut the value of overseas revenue and earnings when they are translated into dollars .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And the input I 've had from customers is that it still could be a while .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But he said IBM would have won the business anyway as a sale to a third party that would have then leased the equipment to the customer .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , IBM 's growth in software in the third quarter was just 8.8 % , well below historical levels even when adjusted to reflect last year 's payment from Fujitsu and the stronger dollar .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And expenses , up 7.9 % in the quarter , have stayed stubbornly high .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But , You never can tell , he added , you have to take advantage of opportunities .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Under the contract Hydro-Quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to Central Maine Power starting in 1992 , 600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in
Prediction: NONE
Input: Central Maine said it is evaluating many energy options to make up for the lost future power , including new energy generation and management proposals from New England , and possibly new Canadian purchases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Central Maine said it is evaluating many energy options to make up for the lost future power , including new Canadian purchases ." COORDINATION(" Central Maine said it is evaluating many energy options to make up for the lost future power , including new energy generation proposals from New England ." , " Central Maine said it is evaluating many energy options to make up for the lost future power , including new management proposals from New England ." ))
Input: While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers and professional traders in stock-index options and the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here and in New York said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers in stock-index options were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders in New York said ." , " While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here said ." , " While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders in New York said ." COORDINATION(" While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers in stock-index options were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here said ." , " While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many professional traders in stock-index options were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here said ." ))
Input: They then had no choice in many cases but to sell the contracts at prevailing prices -- in most cases at a substantial loss .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But while the Merc reopened a half hour later , the CBOE remained closed , leaving many options traders unable to make trades that might have reduced the losses .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Exchange officials reasoned that they would n't have been able to make such a rotation with the time remaining Friday afternoon , and with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a second and final time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Exchange officials reasoned that they would n't have been able to make such a rotation with the time remaining Friday afternoon ." COORDINATION(" with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a second time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed ." , " with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a final time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed ." ))
Input: Fossett still had several million dollars in capital left after Friday 's close of trading , but not enough that regulators , worried about another potential market plunge yesterday , would let it reopen for trading , options exchange officials said .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from the Federal Reserve Board , Securities and Exchange Commission , Comptroller of the Currency and Treasury as well as the options exchanges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from the Federal Reserve Board as well as the options exchanges ." , " The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from Comptroller of the Currency as well as the options exchanges ." , " The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from Treasury as well as the options exchanges ." COORDINATION(" The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from Securities Commission as well as the options exchanges ." , " The bailout was cobbled together over the weekend , with officials from Exchange Commission as well as the options exchanges ." ))
Input: A federal official said that Continental Bank worked with securities and banking regulators over the weekend to fashion the Fossett bailout , but that conditions were n't dictated by those agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A federal official said that conditions were n't dictated by those agencies ." COORDINATION(" A federal official said that Continental Bank worked with securities regulators over the weekend to fashion the Fossett bailout ." , " A federal official said that Continental Bank worked with banking regulators over the weekend to fashion the Fossett bailout ." ))
Input: Nor does it at all resemble -LRB- despite what some executives think -RRB- the more intimate variety offered at specialty parlors in bad parts of town .
Prediction: NONE
Input: They also insist that touching is a basic need , as powerful as the need for food or sleep , and that the office is as good a place as any to do it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They also insist that the office is as good a place as any to do it ." COORDINATION(" They also insist that touching is a basic need , as powerful as the need for food , ." , " They also insist that touching is a basic need , as powerful as the need for sleep , ." ))
Input: The blood flows to your head , you feel lightheaded and you do n't feel tension around the head or neck , says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The blood flows to your head , says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month ." , " you feel lightheaded , says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month ." COORDINATION(" you do n't feel tension around the head , says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month ." , " you do n't feel tension around the neck , says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month ." ))
Input: And even though employees paid the bill , taxpayers grumbled .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association and writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace , as well as on street corners , in airports and malls , and at conventions and other gatherings where weary people can be found .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace ." , " Mr. Palmer , who writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace ." , " Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs on street corners ." , " Mr. Palmer , who writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in malls ." , " Mr. Palmer , who writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs at other gatherings where weary people can be found ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs at conventions ." , " Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs at other gatherings where weary people can be found ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in airports ." , " Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in malls ." )))
Input: In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of $ 9.4 million , or 72 cents a share , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion , and analysts expect its results to continue to improve .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" analysts expect its results to continue to improve ." COORDINATION(" In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of $ 9.4 million , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion ." , " In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of 72 cents a share , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion ." ))
Input: But some analysts contend K mart has agreed to pay too much for Pace .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But K mart 's Mr. Antonini is intent on pushing the company into new retail businesses .
Prediction: NONE
Input: For instance , K mart is opening big food and general merchandise stores , called hypermarkets , and warehouse-type stores specializing in office products and sporting goods .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , K mart is opening warehouse-type stores specializing in office products ." , " For instance , K mart is opening warehouse-type stores specializing in sporting goods ." COORDINATION(" For instance , K mart is opening big food stores , called hypermarkets , ." , " For instance , K mart is opening big general merchandise stores , called hypermarkets , ." ))
Input: But those who said This ca n't be happening were right .
Prediction: NONE
Input: And there were other blunders .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Dillon Read 's Ms. Stark said in early afternoon that she was still viewing prices and other data as subject to verification , and she said portfolio managers continued to question the numbers they saw on the screen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" she said portfolio managers continued to question the numbers they saw on the screen ." COORDINATION(" Dillon Read 's Ms. Stark said in early afternoon that she was still viewing prices as subject to verification ." , " Dillon Read 's Ms. Stark said in early afternoon that she was still viewing other data as subject to verification ." ))
Input: But Mr. Alexander scuttled the deal at the last minute , angering the plaintiff 's side .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Mr. Friend says he passed that along to his adversary , and soon they were talking about the ground rules under which Derr could keep its money and the plaintiffs could take a shot at Mr. Alexander .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Friend says he passed that along to his adversary ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Friend says soon they were talking about the ground rules under which Derr could keep its money ." , " Mr. Friend says soon they were talking about the ground rules under which the plaintiffs could take a shot at Mr. Alexander ." ))
Input: You could buy at the bid and sell at the offer and make a fortune , he marveled .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You could make a fortune , he marveled ." COORDINATION(" You could buy at the bid , he marveled ." , " You could sell at the offer , he marveled ." ))
Input: But the junk recovery , led by the bellwether RJR Holdings bonds , was precarious .
Prediction: NONE
Input: On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled and brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid and offer prices for most issues .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled ." COORDINATION(" On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid prices for most issues ." , " On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as brokerage firms were unwilling to provide offer prices for most issues ." ))
Input: But we had a fairly active day yesterday .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But yesterday 's rally among good junk was a badly needed tonic for the market .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Many issues bounced off the floor , Mr. Minella said , and benchmark junk issues recovered all of their losses from Friday and early yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many issues bounced off the floor ." COORDINATION(" benchmark junk issues recovered all of their losses from Friday ." , " benchmark junk issues recovered all of their losses from early yesterday ." ))
Input: But once the basics are covered , then I would start to invest , even if it 's as little as $ 1,000 , says Michael Lipper , president of Lipper Analytical Services Inc .
Prediction: NONE
Input: The cost of executing stock orders varies from brokerage to brokerage and with the size of the order , but 2 % of the order 's value is an average , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income mutual fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The cost of executing stock orders varies with the size of the order , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Income mutual fund ." , " 2 % of the order 's value is an average , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth mutual fund ." , " 2 % of the order 's value is an average , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Income mutual fund ." COORDINATION(" The cost of executing stock orders varies from brokerage to brokerage , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth mutual fund ." , " The cost of executing stock orders varies with the size of the order , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth mutual fund ." ))
Input: And assuming their first investment is successful , investors will have to pay taxes on their gains .
Prediction: NONE
Input: That can reduce returns by a third or more , once local taxes are included , Mr. Lipper says .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Unless an individual has a minimum of between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 to invest in stocks , he 's still better off in mutual funds than in individual stocks , in terms of getting enough attention from a competent broker , says Mr. Lipper .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But that 's just the time when you should be buying them .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Compound annual returns , including price changes and income from interest and dividends
Prediction: NONE
Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 1,450,635 shares are being offered by the company and 549,365 shares by holders , via Blunt , Ellis & Loewi Inc. and Robert W. Baird & Co .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 1,450,635 shares are being offered by the company ." , " The following issues were recently filed with the Exchange Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 1,450,635 shares are being offered by the company ." , " The following issues were recently filed with the Exchange Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 549,365 shares by holders , via Robert W. Baird & Co ." COORDINATION(" The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 549,365 shares by holders , via Blunt , Ellis & Loewi Inc. ." , " The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 549,365 shares by holders , via Robert W. Baird & Co ." ))
Input: But a lower bid could face rejection by the UAL board .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Between then and his bid on Oct. 5 , the price fluctuated between $ 75.625 and $ 87.375 .
Prediction: NONE
Input: But others remained skeptical .
Prediction: NONE
Input: Officials familiar with the talks said Citicorp had discussed lowering the offer to $ 250 a share , but said that price was a talking point and that no decision has been made .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Officials familiar with the talks said Citicorp had discussed lowering the offer to $ 250 a share ." COORDINATION(" Officials familiar with the talks said that price was a talking point ." , " Officials familiar with the talks said that no decision has been made ." ))
Input: Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots , management , and British Airways PLC -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest , but is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots -- is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution ." , " Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- management -- is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution ." , " Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- British Airways PLC -- is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution ." , " Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- management -- is now willing to pay higher interest ." COORDINATION(" Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees ." , " Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots -- is now willing to pay higher interest ." ))
Input: Nor is the group likely to come forward with a revised offer within the next 48 hours despite the hopes of many traders .
Prediction: NONE
Input: In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now .
Prediction: NONE
