Input: Howard Mosher , president and chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Howard Mosher was president and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Howard Mosher said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets .','He anticipates growth .')))

Input: Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to information about stock purchases and sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by corporate insiders .','Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access .'))

Input: A SEC proposal to ease reporting requirements for some company executives would undermine the usefulness of information on insider trades as a stock-picking tool , individual investors and professional money managers contend .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on insider trades .','A SEC proposal to ease reporting requirements for some company executives would undermine the usefulness of information .' )CO/LIST('A stock-picking tool contend .','Individual investors contend .','Professional money managers contend .'))

Input: Many of the letters maintain that investor confidence has been so shaken by the 1987 stock market crash -- and the markets already so stacked against the little guy -- that any decrease in information on insider-trading patterns might prompt individuals to get out of stocks altogether .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Many of the letters maintain -- and the markets already so stacked against the little guy -- .','Any decrease in information on insider-trading patterns might prompt individuals to get out of stocks altogether .' ), 'Investor confidence has been so shaken by the 1987 stock market crash .')

Input: Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is within about a month after the transaction .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is currently .', CO/LIST('The rules force executives to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares .','The rules force directors to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares .','The rules force other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares .')))

Input: The changes were proposed in an effort to streamline federal bureaucracy and boost compliance by the executives who are really calling the shots , said Brian Lane , special counsel at the SEC 's office of disclosure policy , which proposed the changes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale clusters of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The investors is the effect .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the investors oppose .','The proposed changes object to most .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they say .','The proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale clusters of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time .')))

Input: The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as sales , marketing , finance and research and development , Mr. Lane said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lane was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as sales , marketing , finance and research and development .','The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions .' ), 'This was what Lane said .'))

Input: But Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , company that packages and sells the insider-trading data , said the proposal is worded so vaguely that key officials may fail to file the reports .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Invest\/Net was a North Miami , Fla. , company .','A North Miami , Fla. , company packages and sells the insider-trading data .' ), 'Robert Gabele was president of Invest\/Net .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Robert Gabele said .','The proposal is worded so vaguely that key officials may fail to file the reports .'))

Input: But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lane was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lane said .', CO/CONTRAST('The SEC regulates who files .', SUB/PURPOSE('The law tells them .','This is to do so .'))))

Input: The Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said it will introduce a stock and bond fund that will invest in socially responsible companies , and a bond fund .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Teachers Insurance and Annuity Association-College Retirement Equities Fund said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It will introduce a stock and bond fund .','It will introduce a bond fund .' ), 'A stock and bond fund will invest in socially responsible companies .'))

Input: Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was around March 1 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval .','Both funds are expected to begin operation .'))

Input: The new options carry out part of an agreement that the pension fund , under pressure to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options , reached with the SEC in December .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The new options carry out part of an agreement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in December .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This was under pressure .','This was to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options .' ), 'The pension fund reached with the SEC .')))

Input: The new social choice fund will shun securities of companies linked to South Africa , nuclear power and in some cases , Northern Ireland .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', South Africa was nuclear power .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some cases were Northern Ireland .', SUB/ELABORATION('The new social choice fund will shun securities of companies .',', Companies were linked to South Africa and in some cases .')))

Input: Also excluded will be investments in companies with significant business stemming from weapons manufacture , alcoholic beverages or tobacco .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks , with the rest going into bonds or short-term investments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the rest .',', Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The rest was going into bonds .','The rest was going into short-term investments .'))

Input: The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is including as much as 15 % in foreign securities .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('High-grade or medium-grade bonds are mortgages .','High-grade or medium-grade bonds are asset-backed securities .' ), 'The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds .'))

Input: New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti-takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('New Brunswick Scientific Co. was a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what New Brunswick Scientific Co. said .', CO/LIST('It adopted an anti-takeover plan .','It was giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions .')))

Input: But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stoltzman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as merely commercial and lightweight .', CO/DISJUNCTION('But you ca n't dismiss Stoltzman 's music .','But you ca n't dismiss his motives .')))

Input: It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was like a party .','This was like a highly polished jam session with a few friends .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was than a classical concert .','It felt more .'))

Input: He launched into Saint-Saens 's The Swan from Carnival of the Animals , a favorite encore piece for cellists , with lovely , glossy tone and no bite .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Animals were a favorite encore piece for cellists .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Carnival of the Animals .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with lovely , glossy tone and no bite .','He launched into Saint-Saens 's The Swan .')))

Input: Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stoltzman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Eddie Gomez was jazz bassist .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from Yale .','This was from Eddie Gomez .' ), ', Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy .')))

Input: Deep Peace also featured a slide show of lovely but predictable images of clouds , beaches , deserts , sunsets , etc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It was all too mellow to be believed , but they probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to add Ms. Collins 's signature tune , Amazing Grace , and ask for audience participation .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It was all too mellow to be believed .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Collins was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Collins 's signature tune was Amazing Grace .','They probably would have gotten away with it , had they not felt compelled to add Collins 's signature tune and ask for audience participation .')))

Input: Or was it because Ms. Collins had gone ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez , with pictures for the Douglas pieces .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The rest of the concert was more straight jazz and mellow sounds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with pictures for the Douglas pieces .', CO/LIST('More straight jazz were written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez .','Mellow sounds were written by Charlie Parker , Ornette Coleman , Bill Douglas and Eddie Gomez .')))

Input: It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was like the first half .','Much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable .'))

Input: The U.S. , along with Britain and Singapore , left the agency when its anti-Western ideology , financial corruption and top leadership got out of hand .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was along with Britain and Singapore .','The U.S. left the agency .' ), 'Its anti-Western ideology , financial corruption and top leadership got out of hand .')

Input: The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow was agency Director .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds .','The personal antics of Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention .'))

Input: The Orwellian New World Information Order would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of wrong ideas .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Orwellian New World Information Order would give government officials rights against the press .', SUB/ELABORATION('Journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government .','Their government would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of wrong ideas .'))

Input: Mr. Mayor 's hope that references to press freedom would survive unamended seems doomed to failure ; the current phrasing is educating the public and media to avoid manipulation .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Mayor was Mr. .','Mayor 's hope that references to press freedom would survive unamended seems doomed to failure .' )SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The current phrasing is educating the public .','The current phrasing is educating media .' ), 'This is to avoid manipulation .'))

Input: Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is of the agency 's 2,750 staff members .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as literacy .','This is such as oceanographic research .' )SUB/ELABORATION('230 are in the field .','The field is working on actual projects .')))

Input: This is that the Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants .','The Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by government functionaries .'))

Input: This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at times .','This can have its purposes .' ), 'There 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice .')

Input: That 's because the male part , the tassel , and the female , the ear , are some distance apart on the corn plant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The male part is the tassel .', SUB/ELABORATION('The female is the ear .', SUB/CAUSE('That 's .', CO/LIST('The male part are some distance apart on the corn plant .','The female are some distance apart on the corn plant .'))))

Input: The first hybrid corn seeds produced using this mechanical approach were introduced in the 1930s and they yielded as much as 20 % more corn than naturally pollinated plants .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The first hybrid corn seeds produced using this mechanical approach were introduced in the 1930s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was than naturally pollinated plants .','They yielded as much as 20 % more corn .'))

Input: The male part , the anthers of the plant , and the female , the pistils , of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The male part was the anthers of the plant .', SUB/ELABORATION('The female was the pistils .', CO/LIST('The male part are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other .','The female , of the same plant are within a fraction of an inch or even attached to each other .')))

Input: In China , a great number of workers are engaged in pulling out the male organs of rice plants using tweezers , and one-third of rice produced in that country is grown from hybrid seeds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in China .','A great number of workers are engaged in pulling out the male organs of rice plants using tweezers .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in China .','One-third of rice is grown from hybrid seeds .' ), 'Rice was produced in that country .'))

Input: The sterilizing gene is expressed just before the pollen is about to develop and it deactivates the anthers of every flower in the plant .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the sterilizing gene is expressed .','Just before the pollen is about to develop .' ), 'It deactivates the anthers of every flower in the plant .')

Input: Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants .','Both genes are then allowed to mature and produce seed .' ), 'A few greenhouse plants are then pollinated .')

Input: This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , he said , and added that some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops .','This was what he said .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , he added .',', Some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop .'))

Input: He said the company is experimenting with the technique on alfalfa , and plans to include cotton and corn , among other crops .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on alfalfa .', CO/LIST('The company is experimenting with the technique .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other crops .','The company plans to include cotton and corn .'))))

Input: In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including Monsanto Co. .','This was including Shell Oil Co. .','This was including Eli Lilly & Co .' ), 'Demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research .')))

Input: But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to humans , animals and beneficial insects .', CO/LIST('But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs .','But there have been problems with concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays .'))

Input: However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is gentle on the female organ .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paul Johanson was Monsanto 's director of plant sciences .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Paul Johanson said .', CO/LIST('The company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems .','The company 's chemical spray is gentle on the female organ .')))

Input: That 's because pollination , while easy in corn because the carrier is wind , is more complex and involves insects as carriers in crops such as cotton .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('That 's .', CO/LIST('Pollination , while easy in corn because the carrier is wind , is more complex .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as carriers in crops such as cotton .','Pollination , while easy in corn because the carrier is wind , involves insects .')))

Input: It 's one thing to say you can sterilize , and another to then successfully pollinate the plant , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's one thing .','To say you can sterilize one thing .' ), 'Another to then successfully pollinate the plant .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He told reporters in Wellington Tuesday that the government had n't guaranteed the loans to DFC New Zealand Ltd. , an investment bank 80%-owned by the National Provident Fund , and would n't bail it out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('DFC New Zealand Ltd. was an investment bank 80 % - owned by the National Provident Fund .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he told reporters in Wellington Tuesday .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to DFC New Zealand Ltd. .','The government had n't guaranteed the loans .' ), 'The government would n't bail it out .')))

Input: I think it would be irresponsible and I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks or any other international interests .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','It would be irresponsible .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks .','I am not about to be blackmailed by any other international interests .'))

Input: No less significant than the Japanese banks ' attempt to cut off funds to pressure a foreign government are the implications of a confrontation between Japan securities and banking industries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Both sides are jealously guarding their turf .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for months .','Relations have been at a flashpoint .'))

Input: Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Nomura is the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field abroad .','Nomura is the world 's biggest securities company largely by Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad .' ), 'Nomura captain the opposing sides .')

Input: Babies , kiddies , growls their manager -- a fellow named Earl Weaver , who , in a different time , handled four World Series teams and now handles the Gold Coast Suns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Babies , kiddies , growls their manager -- a fellow named Earl Weaver .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a different time .','Earl Weaver handled four World Series teams .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a different time .','Earl Weaver now handles the Gold Coast Suns .')))

Input: But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries , a cable television contract and even expansion plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association was a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries .','The debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association was a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with a cable television contract .','The debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association was a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with even expansion plans .' ), 'Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association .')

Input: It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $ 1 million each for the chance to be an owner , to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the chance to be an owner .','The baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers ponied up about $ 1 million each .' ), 'This was to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers .'))

Input: Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sider is the morning Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Early in Sider is an estate lawyer .','Early in Sider pores over last wills and testaments .'))

Input: Midmorning , he dons an orange-and-blue uniform and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Midmorning , he dons an orange-and-blue uniform .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from Dave Kingman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for fun .','Midmorning , he may field a bunt .')))

Input: The league 's promoters hope retirees and tourists will join die-hard fans like Mr. de Castro and pack the stands to see the seniors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('de Castro is die-hard fans like Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the league 's promoters hope .', CO/LIST('Retirees and tourists will join de Castro .','Retirees and tourists will pack the stands to see the seniors .')))

Input: -LRB- Players have to be 35 or older , except for catchers , who are eligible at 32 because life behind the plate is so rough . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('-LRB- Players have to be 35 or older , except for catchers . -RRB- .', SUB/CAUSE(', Catchers are eligible at 32 .','Life behind the plate is so rough .'))

Input: It does n't replace pitching in the majors , but it proves to me that I would have been able to play if I 'd stayed healthy , he says .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It does n't replace pitching in the majors .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('It proves to me .','I would have been able to play if I 'd stayed healthy .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: I personally do n't enjoy seeing players who I remember vividly from their playing days running about and being gallant about their deficiencies , says Roger Angell , New Yorker magazine 's resident baseball sage .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Worse , says baseball author Lawrence Ritter , Someone will get a heart attack and that will be the end of the whole story .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Lawrence Ritter is baseball author .','Worse , says Lawrence Ritter , Someone will get a heart attack .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Lawrence Ritter is baseball author .','Worse , says Lawrence Ritter , that will be the end of the whole story .'))

Input: And there 's pride .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Expect brushbacks but no beanballs , says Mr. McEnaney .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even expect stolen bases , says the wiry and fit Mr. Campaneris : If you know how to slide , it 's no problem , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Campaneris is fit Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Even expect stolen bases , says the wiry and Campaneris : If you know how to slide , it 's no problem .','This is what he says .'))

Input: I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80-plus , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('I wo n't be throwing 90 mph .','I will throw 80-plus .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: White-haired Pedro Ramos , at 54 the league 's oldest player and a pitcher-coach with the Suns , has lost even more speed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 54 .', CO/LIST('White-haired Pedro Ramos the league 's oldest player , has lost even more speed .','A pitcher-coach with the Suns , has lost even more speed .'))

Input: But he is n't worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alltel holds 45 % of the franchise , which has operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta , Ga .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alltel holds 45 % of the franchise .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ga is operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta .','The franchise has operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta .'))

Input: Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was effective Nov. 15 .','Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was effective Nov. 15 .','Appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain were succeeding Frank Robertson .' ), 'Frank Robertson is retiring early .'))

Input: Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zayadi was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. was Canada 's largest department store operator .', SUB/ELABORATION('Zellers Inc. was a retail chain .','A retail chain is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. .' ), 'Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. .')))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: The company said its People 's Savings Bank unit does n't have a large exposure to construction and commercial loans that have caused the loan-loss problems in many of the banks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to construction and commercial loans .','Its People 's Savings Bank unit does n't have a large exposure .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in many of the banks .','A large exposure to construction and commercial loans have caused the loan-loss problems .')))

Input: Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so-called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nicholas Ridley was Industry Secretary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Trade and Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday .','He will relinquish the government 's so-called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree .'))

Input: The golden share restricts any individual holding to 15 % and expires at the end of 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 15 % .','The golden share restricts any individual holding .' ), 'The golden share expires at the end of 1990 .')

Input: Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ford , which already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding , is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Ford is prepared to bid for the entire company .','Ford had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early .' ), 'Ford already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding .')

Input: GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar that likely would involve joint ventures and an eventual stake of just under 30 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar .','GM has been negotiating an eventual stake of just under 30 % .' ), 'Jaguar likely would involve joint ventures .')

Input: But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat-footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','But the government 's action may scuttle the GM minority deal .' ), 'But the government 's action is forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar .' ), 'The government 's action caught Jaguar management flat-footed .')

Input: Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for .',', Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes .' ), ', Such a countermove is remaining independent and British-owned .')

Input: It 's either going to be a shootout , or there only may be one player in town , one person said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/DISJUNCTION('It 's either going to be a shootout .','There only may be one player in town .' ), 'This was what one person said .')

Input: In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they were not consulted about the -LRB- Ridley decision -RRB- in advance and were surprised at the action taken .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jaguar 's board said in a statement .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in advance .','They were not consulted about the -LRB- Ridley decision -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('They were surprised at the action .','The action was taken .')))

Input: But GM officials said they , too , were surprised by the move , which left them to consider all our options and explore matters further .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what GM officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .','They were surprised by the move .' ), 'The move left them to consider all our options and explore matters further .'))

Input: It 's now a very good time politically to get this over and done with , observed Daniel Jones , professor of motor industry management at the University of Cardiff in Wales .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was shake-up in Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The government has been badly hurt by last week 's Thatcher 's cabinet .', CO/LIST('The government was already buffeted by high interest rates .','The government was already buffeted by a slowing economy .')))

Input: Dow Chemical Co. , Midland , Mich. , and Eli Lilly & Co. , Indianapolis , said they completed the formation of Dow Elanco , a joint venture combining their plant-sciences businesses as well as Dow 's industrial pest-control business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dow Chemical Co. was Midland .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Dow Elanco was a joint venture .','A joint venture was combining their plant-sciences businesses as well as Dow 's industrial pest-control business .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dow Chemical Co. . Mich. , and Eli Lilly & Co. , Indianapolis , said .','They completed the formation of Dow Elanco .')))

Input: Erwin Tomash , the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products and a former chairman and chief executive , resigned as a director .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Erwin Tomash was the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products .','Erwin Tomash was the 67-year-old founder of a former chairman and chief executive .' ), 'Erwin Tomash resigned as a director .')

Input: Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Q. Marston was president emeritus .', CO/LIST('Robert Q. Marston University of Florida was named chairman .','A director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman .'))

Input: Jerome J. Jahn , executive vice president and chief financial officer , said Mr. Rubendall was resigning by mutual agreement with the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rubendall was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jerome J. Jahn was executive vice president and chief financial officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jerome J. Jahn said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the board .','Rubendall was resigning by mutual agreement .'))))

Input: Sales of new cars in Europe fell 4.2 % in September from a year earlier and analysts say the market could continue to soften in the months ahead .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .',', Sales of new cars in Europe fell 4.2 % .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .','The market could continue to soften in the months ahead .')))

Input: Statistics from 12 countries which normally account for 94 % of non-communist Europe 's passenger car sales showed new car registrations totaled 911,606 in September , down 21 % from August and down 4.2 % for the year to date .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Statistics from 12 countries showed .','12 countries normally account for 94 % of non-communist Europe 's passenger car sales .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 21 % from August and down 4.2 % for the year to date .','New car registrations totaled 911,606 .')))

Input: Individuals and corporations , as well as dealers trading for their own account , actively bought Tuesday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Second Section index , which fell 21.44 points Monday , was up 6.84 points , or 0.19 % , to close at 3642.90 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Second Section index was up 6.84 points to close at 3642.90 .','The Second Section index was up 0.19 % , to close at 3642.90 .' ), 'The Second Section index fell 21.44 points Monday .')

Input: The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck by Wall Street and by market makers getting caught short .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Wall Street and by market makers .','Market makers were getting caught short .' ), 'The market was dragged up by the scruff of its neck .')

Input: The golden share dates from Jaguar 's public offering in 1984 and was designed to protect the company from takeover .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The golden share dates from Jaguar 's public offering in 1984 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from takeover .','The golden share was designed to protect the company .'))

Input: But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The golden share has been waived .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association .','The British concern 's articles of association ban shareholdings of more than 15 % .'))

Input: Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Amsterdam , Brussels , Milan and Paris .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Amsterdam , Brussels , Milan and Paris .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .',', Share prices closed higher .'))

Input: Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington , but were lower in Seoul .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington .',', Stocks closed higher .' ), ', Stocks were lower in Seoul .')

Input: The state agency 's figures confirm previous estimates and leave the index at 178.9 , up from 178.5 in August and 173.1 a year earlier .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The state agency 's figures confirm previous estimates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at 178.9 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is up from 178.5 in August and 173.1 a year earlier .','The state agency 's figures leave the index .')))

Input: An official linked the gain essentially to higher prices for beef and pork .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among other factors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to an agency spokeswoman .','The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 .')))

Input: Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Metromedia has interests in telecommunications .','Metromedia has interests in robotic painting .','Metromedia has interests in computer software .','Metromedia has interests in restaurants .','Metromedia has interests in entertainment .' ), 'Metromedia is headed by John W. Kluge .')

Input: According to reports released by the two government agencies , domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % in October from the previous month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the previous month .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in October .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to reports .','Domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % .' ), 'Reports were released by the two government agencies .')))

Input: As a result , consumer prices for the first 10 months of 1989 surged by 5 % and wholesale prices by 1.3 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 1.3 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .', CO/LIST(', Consumer prices for the first 10 months of 1989 surged by 5 % .',', Consumer prices for the first 10 months of 1989 surged by wholesale prices .')))

Input: Martin Marietta Corp. said it won a $ 38.2 million contract from the U.S. Postal Service to manufacture and install automated mail-sorting machines .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Martin Marietta Corp. said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the U.S. Postal Service .','It won a $ 38.2 million contract .' ), 'This was to manufacture and install automated mail-sorting machines .'))

Input: Under terms of the three-year contract , Martin Marietta said it will make and install 267 of the new machines at 156 postal offices .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Martin Marietta said under terms of the three-year contract .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at 156 postal offices .','It will make and install 267 of the new machines .'))

Input: Thomas A. Donovan , 37 years old , formerly vice president , West Coast operations , at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer , both newly created posts , and a director , filling a vacancy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Formerly vice president was West Coast operations .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Executive vice president and chief operating officer were both newly created posts , and a director .','A director was filling a vacancy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was 37 years old .','Thomas A. Donovan formerly vice president at this hazardous-waste-site remediation concern , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer .')))

Input: Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Donovan was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Richard F. Brissette was 55 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Canonie said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is effective March 1 .','It anticipates naming Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette as president and chief executive officer .'))))

Input: Mr. Brissette will remain a Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brissette is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Brissette will remain a Canonie board member .','Brissette will be a consultant to the company .'))

Input: The average two-year and five-year jumbos were up 0.02 of a percentage point to 7.91 % and 7.96 % , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .', CO/LIST('The average two-year and five-year jumbos were up 0.02 of a percentage point to 7.91 % .','The average two-year and five-year jumbos were up 0.02 of a percentage point to 7.96 % .'))

Input: The yield is offered across a range of maturities at San Francisco 's BankAmerica Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was at San Francisco 's BankAmerica Corp. .','This was at Wells Fargo & Co .' ), 'The yield is offered across a range of maturities .')

Input: The diners at my table simply lit more Gauloises and scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go golfing or even montgolfing -LRB- ballooning to you ; the brothers Montgolfier , French of course , were the world 's first hot-air balloonists -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Montgolfier was the brothers .', SUB/ELABORATION('Montgolfier was French of course .', CO/LIST('The diners at my table simply lit more Gauloises .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The diners at my table scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go golfing .','The diners at my table scoffed at the suggestion of interrupting a perfectly good Saturday morning to go even montgolfing -LRB- ballooning to you ; Montgolfier were the world 's first hot-air balloonists -RRB- .'))))

Input: Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Americans have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead .','It seems Americans .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Americans have taken to ballooning in a heady way .','It seems Americans .'))

Input: Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs .', CO/LIST(', Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta .',', Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. -- more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom .' ), 'The nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts .'))

Input: The first thing anybody will tell you about ballooning is that it requires zip in the way of athletic prowess , or even a measure of derring-do .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is about ballooning is .','The first thing anybody will tell you .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It requires zip in the way of athletic prowess .','It requires even a measure of derring-do .'))

Input: In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding who would fly in what balloon and in what order -LRB- the baskets hold no more than four passengers -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And neither can your pilot .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You can go only up or down -LRB- by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot -RRB- and ride the air currents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('You can go only up or down -LRB- by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner -RRB- .','You can ride the air currents .' ), 'A propane burner does make the top of your head feel hot .')

Input: Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It was the most exercise we 'd had all morning and it was followed by our driving immediately to the nearest watering hole .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It was the most exercise .','We 'd had all morning the most exercise .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was immediately to the nearest watering hole .','It was followed by our driving .'))

Input: This meant returning to the golf course , where we watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing an espresso and my ego .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This meant returning to the golf course .', CO/LIST('We watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing an espresso .','We watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing my ego .'))

Input: A whole morning of ballooning and I had been off the ground barely 30 minutes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as for the ride back to camp .', CO/LIST('Our pilot clambered into the chase car .','All the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car .'))

Input: Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved nuances .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mulford was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mulford said .','Reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved nuances .'))

Input: But because the growth of the German economy has been stronger than expected , Mr. Mulford said , it 's difficult for the U.S. to argue that Germany ought to adopt more stimulative monetary and fiscal policies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mulford is Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('The growth of the German economy has been stronger than expected .','But , Mulford said , it 's difficult for the U.S. to argue that Germany ought to adopt more stimulative monetary and fiscal policies .'))

Input: But nonetheless U.S. companies might be more successful in European markets if not for the German export push , he said .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But nonetheless U.S. companies might be more successful in European markets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was not for the German export push .','He said .'))

Input: But some American defense officials believe the North Atlantic Treaty Organization should take more time to examine the long-term implications of the options being considered .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some American defense officials believe .', SUB/ELABORATION('The North Atlantic Treaty Organization should take more time to examine the long-term implications of the options .','The options were being considered .'))

Input: But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as What is a tank ?
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as What is a tank ? .','But , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions .'))

Input: Tanks currently are defined as armored vehicles weighing 25 tons or more that carry large guns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Tanks currently are defined as armored vehicles .','Tanks currently were weighing 25 tons or more .' ), 'Armored vehicles weighing 25 tons or more carry large guns .')

Input: And some U.S. Army analysts worry that the proposed Soviet redefinition is aimed at blocking the U.S. from developing lighter , more transportable , high-technology tanks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And some U.S. Army analysts worry .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was more transportable .','The proposed Soviet redefinition is aimed at blocking the U.S. from developing lighter high-technology tanks .'))

Input: The dispute over that issue , according to one U.S. official , is a potential treaty stopper , and only President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is according to one U.S. official .','The dispute over that issue is a potential treaty stopper .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Mikhail Gorbachev is Soviet leader .','Only Bush and Mikhail Gorbachev may be able to resolve it .')))

Input: So far , neither the Bush administration nor arms-control experts in Congress seem moved by arguments that these problems may take more time to thrash out than President Bush has allowed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .','Neither the Bush administration nor arms-control experts in Congress seem moved by arguments .' ), 'These problems may take more time to thrash out than Bush has allowed .'))

Input: Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air , the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc. , in December 1991 and January 1992 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('American Trans Air was the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc. .', CO/LIST('Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air in December 1991 .','Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air in January 1992 .'))

Input: Norway 's unemployment rate for October was 3.6 % , unchanged from September but up from 2.6 % in the same month last year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Including those in the state programs , there were 143,800 Norwegians , or about 6.5 % of the work force , without permanent employment in October , up from September 's 136,800 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was without permanent employment in October .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including those in the state programs .', CO/DISJUNCTION('There were 143,800 Norwegians up from September 's 136,800 .','There were about 6.5 % of the work force , up from September 's 136,800 .')))

Input: That 's because when Coke looks to the Pacific area , it sees an economic and demographic gold mine .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('That 's .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Coke looks to the Pacific area .','It sees an economic and demographic gold mine .'))

Input: In countries such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore , economies are growing , resulting in a rise in disposable income that consumers can use for soft drinks .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in countries such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .','Economies are growing .' ), ', Consumers can use for soft drinks .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in countries such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .','Economies are resulting in a rise in disposable income .' ), ', Consumers can use for soft drinks .'))

Input: And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with Coca-Cola 's .','And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was there .',', Coke said the soda market .'))

Input: Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This is for Malaysia and Brunei .','Fraser & Neave holds the Coke licenses .' ), 'Per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore .' ), 'Fraser & Neave also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products .')

Input: The increase follows the company 's report of strong earnings for the third quarter , and reflects what American Brands called its tradition of sharing earnings growth with shareholders .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The increase follows the company 's report of strong earnings for the third quarter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the increase reflects .','What American Brands called its tradition of sharing earnings growth with shareholders .'))

Input: Giovanni Agnelli & Co. announced a transaction that will strengthen its indirect control of Fiat S.p . A. and will admit Prince Karim Aga Khan as its first non-family shareholder .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Giovanni Agnelli & Co. announced a transaction .','A transaction will strengthen its indirect control of Fiat S.p . A. .' ), 'Giovanni Agnelli & Co. will admit Prince Karim Aga Khan as its first non-family shareholder .')

Input: His new stake would be in the form of preferred shares , which receive higher dividends but have voting rights only in extraordinary shareholders assemblies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('His new stake would be in the form of preferred shares .', CO/CONTRAST('Preferred shares receive higher dividends .','Preferred shares have voting rights only in extraordinary shareholders assemblies .'))

Input: The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an IFI spokesman said .','No cash would change hands .'))

Input: The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Aga Khan is the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis .','The move strengthens the existing links between the Aga Khan .' ), 'The Aga Khan is a longtime family friend .' ), 'The move frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli .'))

Input: Mr. Agnelli and the Aga Khan also have some business ties , and a spokesman for the Agnelli company did n't rule out that the current agreement could lead to further collaboration .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Agnelli is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Agnelli also have some business ties .','The Aga Khan also have some business ties .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A spokesman for the Agnelli company did n't rule out .','The current agreement could lead to further collaboration .')))

Input: For instance , Ifint earlier this year bought an 18 % stake in Alisarda , the Aga Khan 's airline , which flies between Italy and Sardinia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Alisarda was the Aga Khan 's airline .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance .','Ifint earlier this year bought an 18 % stake in Alisarda .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is alisarda .','The Aga Khan 's airline flies between Italy and Sardinia .')))

Input: And it treats such activities in a frivolous , cavalier fashion , with total indifference to common sense and public safety .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to common sense .','This is to public safety .' ), 'This is with total indifference .' ), 'And it treats such activities in a frivolous , cavalier fashion .')

Input: MCI Communications Corp. said it received a three-year contract valued at more than $ 15 million to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MCI Communications Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It received a three-year contract .', SUB/PURPOSE('A three-year contract was valued at more than $ 15 million .','This was to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .')))

Input: Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum-wage bill , opening the way for the first wage-floor boost in more than nine years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', Congressional Democrats agreed on a compromise minimum-wage bill .','The Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum-wage bill .' )CO/LIST(', Congressional Democrats were opening the way for the first wage-floor boost in more than nine years .','The Bush administration were opening the way for the first wage-floor boost in more than nine years .'))

Input: The agreement ended a long impasse between the congressional leaders and the White House over the wage issue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was between the congressional leaders .','This was between the White House .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the wage issue .','The agreement ended a long impasse .'))

Input: Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 4.25 an hour .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by April 1991 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders .','The minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour .')))

Input: Employers could also pay a subminimum training wage for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to new workers , and then for another 90 days .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for 90 days .','Employers could also pay a subminimum training wage .' ), 'New workers are up to 19 years old .' ), 'The company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers .'))

Input: For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The AFL-CIO , which previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea , said the compromise has adequate safeguards , so the youth are not exploited and older workers are not displaced .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the AFL-CIO said .','The compromise has adequate safeguards .' ), 'The AFL-CIO previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea .' ), 'The youth are not exploited .','Older workers are not displaced .')

Input: Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities .', CO/LIST('It lowered the ratings because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage .','It lowered the ratings because of the company 's low levels of internal cash generation .')))

Input: Moody 's said Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing very well the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is including managing very well the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant .','Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects .'))

Input: Capital requirements will be declining and no new generating facilities will be required for several years , Moody 's said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Capital requirements will be declining .','No new generating facilities will be required for several years .' ), 'This was what Moody 's said .')

Input: Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Scott C. Smith was formerly vice president .',', Scott C. Smith was formerly finance .',', Scott C. Smith was formerly chief financial officer of this media concern .' ), ', Scott C. Smith was named senior vice president .')

Input: The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The price was n't disclosed .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one analyst estimated .','It was $ 150 million .'))

Input: Moreover , such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs , who own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is moreover .',', Such a sale could help Armstrong reassure its investors and deter the Belzbergs .' ), 'The Belzbergs own a 9.85 % stake in the Lancaster , Pa. , company .')

Input: Analysts expect Armstrong to use proceeds of the sale to reduce debt , buy back stock or perhaps finance an acquisition .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was for the past year .','This was for two .' ), 'The carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % products .'))

Input: Yesterday , Armstrong reported flat earnings for the third quarter and nine months , worsened by the stock dilution of an employee stock ownership plan adopted earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for the third quarter .','This was for nine months .' ), 'Yesterday , Armstrong reported flat earnings .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Flat earnings for the third quarter and nine months were worsened by the stock dilution of an employee stock ownership plan .','An employee stock ownership plan was adopted earlier this year .'))

Input: For the quarter , earnings were $ 47 million , or 92 cents a share , including a one-time gain of $ 5.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including a one-time gain of $ 5.9 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Earnings were $ 47 million .','Earnings were 92 cents a share .')))

Input: In the year-ago quarter , earnings were $ 42.9 million , or 93 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Earnings were $ 42.9 million .','Earnings were 93 cents a share .'))

Input: Armstrong expects to close the sale of the color unit in late November and the carpet sale in December , with the gains to be applied to fourth quarter or first-quarter results .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This was with the gains .','This was to be applied to fourth quarter or first-quarter results .' )CO/LIST('Armstrong expects to close the sale of the color unit in late November .','Armstrong expects to close the sale of the carpet sale in December .'))

Input: The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what economists said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing .','The report offered little new information .')))

Input: Because the figures are based on a small sample , the department said it is 90 % confident only that new-home sales fell somewhere between 5 % and 23 % during the month .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The figures are based on a small sample .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the department said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is 90 % confident .','New-home sales fell somewhere between 5 % and 23 % during the month .')))

Input: Of the 11 components to the index , only three others rose in September : the money supply , the length of the average work week and stock prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the index .','This was of the 11 components .' )CO/LIST('Only three others rose in September : the money supply .','Only three others rose in September : the length of the average work week .','Only three others rose in September : stock prices .'))

Input: Meanwhile , the National Association of Manufacturers said yesterday a recent poll of 53 executives on its board found that 61 % do n't expect a recession to occur until 1991 or later .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the National Association of Manufacturers said yesterday .', SUB/ELABORATION('A recent poll of 53 executives on its board found .','61 % do n't expect a recession to occur until 1991 or later .'))

Input: The other 40 % said the Fed ought to worry less about inflation and bring interest rates down .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the other 40 % said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is about inflation .','The Fed ought to worry less and bring interest rates down .'))

Input: After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the index for August .','This was in a 0.2 % rise for September .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was after various adjustments .','They produced a 0.5 % rise .'))

Input: As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to that plant 's performance .','As expected , the settlement ties future charges .')))

Input: The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.337 % at last week 's sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.337 % at last week 's sale .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper .','This was at corporate IOUs .' ), 'The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % .'))

Input: Amateur spy-chaser Clifford Stoll is a real person , or as he might waggishly put it , a surreal person .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Clifford Stoll is Amateur spy-chaser .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Clifford Stoll is a real person .',', Clifford Stoll is as he might waggishly put it , a surreal person .'))

Input: He also is an entertaining writer , combining wisecracks and wordplay with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He also is an entertaining writer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with programmatic detail and lucid explanations of how computers work .','He also is combining wisecracks and wordplay .'))

Input: The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by West German authorities of five young West Germans .','The result last spring was the arrest .' ), 'Five young West Germans were accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB .')

Input: Once his cuckoo 's egg was laid , he could enter Unix and become a super-user , with access to everything .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('His cuckoo 's egg was laid .', CO/LIST('He could enter Unix .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to everything .','This is with access .' ), 'He could become a super-user .')))

Input: Mr. Stoll was scanning the heavens at the Keck observatory of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1986 when his grant ran low and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab 's computers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Stoll was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the Keck observatory of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1986 .',', Stoll was scanning the heavens .' ), 'His grant ran low .' ), 'He was asked to switch to helping run the lab 's computers .'))

Input: But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stoll was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was through various clues .','But after much tracking , it became evident to Stoll .' ), 'The hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California .'))

Input: The White Sands missile range and CIA contractor Mitre Inc. were among the targets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitre Inc. was CIA contractor .', CO/LIST('The White Sands missile range were among the targets .','Mitre Inc. were among the targets .'))

Input: When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stoll was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The hacker moved .',', Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion .'))

Input: Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is sometimes .','He would drag his keychain .')))

Input: The FBI initially showed little interest , and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The FBI initially showed little interest .', SUB/ELABORATION('He had the impression .','Other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape the impression .'))

Input: Eventually , Mr. Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stoll was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was eventually .',', Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA .' ), 'This was to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft .'))

Input: He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal spooks who make national security their business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('He had developed a hatred for the hacker .','He had developed a grudging appreciation of the federal spooks .' ), 'A grudging appreciation of the federal spooks make national security their business .')

Input: Mips Computer Systems Inc. today will unveil a new general-purpose computer that will compete with more expensive machines from companies such as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mips Computer Systems Inc. today will unveil a new general-purpose computer .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from companies such as Sun Microsystems Inc. .','This is from companies such as Digital Equipment Corp .' ), 'A new general-purpose computer will compete with more expensive machines .'))

Input: The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The computer processes 55 million instructions per second .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is unlike many rival machines .','Many rival machines are using several processors .' ), 'The computer uses only one central processing chip .'))

Input: The machine employs reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mips also wants to wedge into markets other than traditional RISC applications such as engineering ; Mips said the new machine will also be used by businesses and for communications .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mips also wants to wedge into markets other than traditional RISC applications such as engineering .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mips said .','The new machine will also be used by businesses and for communications .'))

Input: The Control Data deal is a boon for Mips because it gives the the five-year-old company one more ally as it battles more established electronic concerns such as Sun , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Motorola Inc. and Intel Corp. for the emerging market for RISC machines .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The Control Data deal is a boon for Mips .', SUB/ELABORATION('It gives the the five-year-old company one more ally .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the emerging market for RISC machines .', CO/LIST('It battles more established electronic concerns such as Sun .','It battles more established electronic concerns such as Hewlett-Packard Co. .','It battles more established electronic concerns such as Motorola Inc. .','It battles more established electronic concerns such as Intel Corp. .'))))

Input: Last month , for example , Mips agreed to supply its computers to Nixdorf Computer AG of West Germany and France 's Groupe Bull .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Nixdorf Computer AG of West Germany and France 's Groupe Bull .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .', SUB/ELABORATION('Mips was Last month .','Mips agreed to supply its computers .')))

Input: Sony Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. and Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers and companies such as Japan 's NEC Corp. and West Germany 's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips under license .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', Sony Corp. have agreed to sell MIPS computers .','Tandem Computers Inc. have agreed to sell MIPS computers .','Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was under license .',', Companies such as Japan 's NEC Corp. and West Germany 's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips .'))

Input: Nixdorf , Bull and others will also sell versions of the machine , said Mips President Robert Miller .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions to the bailout costs , and would n't be subject to congressional scrutiny , Ways and Means members argued .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the bailout costs .','But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions .' ), 'But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt would n't be subject to congressional scrutiny .' ), 'This was what Ways and Means members argued .')

Input: The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge sick S&Ls and their assets , but that is a net cost .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge sick S&Ls .','The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge their assets .' ), 'That is a net cost .')

Input: David Mullins , assistant secretary of the Treasury , said that the working capital is necessary to reduce the final costs of the bailout , by allowing the agency to sell savings and loans without their bad assets , then hold the assets until they can be sold under favorable conditions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Mullins was assistant secretary of the Treasury .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what David Mullins said , by allowing the agency to sell savings and loans without their bad assets , then hold the assets until they can be sold under favorable conditions .','The working capital is necessary to reduce the final costs of the bailout .'))

Input: He said it has n't yet been determined how the RTC will raise the cash , but the administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would distort the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman or big increases in the budget deficit .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It has n't yet been determined .','The RTC will raise the cash .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would distort the budget process by requiring either exemptions from Gramm-Rudman in the budget deficit .','The administration does n't want it to be included on the federal budget , because it would distort the budget process by requiring either exemptions from big increases in the budget deficit .')))

Input: The natural gas pipeline concern said the 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Trunkline Gas Co .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the natural gas pipeline concern said .', CO/LIST('The 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. .','The 500 million cubic feet a day capacity pipeline would be built by a proposed joint venture between two Panhandle Eastern units - Trunkline Gas Co .'))

Input: Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with several interstate pipelines .','The system will connect the Arkoma Basin .'))

Input: Not a gripping question , unless you 're the pastry chef of this city 's Chez Panisse restaurant and you 've just lost your priceless personal dessert notebook .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Berkeley police do n't have any leads .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Berkeley police doubt .','The crime was driven by a passion for sweets .'))

Input: Chez Panisse , whose founder , Alice Waters , is considered the inventor of the cooking style known as California cuisine and whose patrons make reservations a month in advance , has n't exactly subjected diners to vanilla ice cream because of the theft .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to vanilla ice cream because of the theft .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Chez Panisse , whose founder , Alice Waters , is considered the inventor of the cooking style and whose patrons make reservations a month in advance , has n't exactly subjected diners .','The cooking style was known as California cuisine .'))

Input: Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shere was Ms. .', CO/CONTRAST(', Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Shere figures .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from scratch .',', She 'll have to reinvent many recipes .'))))

Input: The company has declined requests to discuss the changes , but Mr. Weekes has said that Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('The company has declined requests .','This was to discuss the changes .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Weekes was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Weekes has said .','Hollander wanted to have his own team .')))

Input: Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations , titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Weekes was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Titles were president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations .','Titles had been held by Weekes .' ), ', Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations .'))

Input: Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. , another company controlled by Mr. Hollander .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wakeman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Closely held Omega Engineering Inc. was another company .','Another company was controlled by Hollander .' ), 'Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. .'))

Input: James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Weekes was some former duties of Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('James R. Lees was 51 .', SUB/ELABORATION('James R. Lees vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations .','Executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations were assuming Weekes .')))

Input: A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million .','A year earlier UniFirst earned 24 cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('$ 2.4 million were adjusted for the split .','24 cents a share were adjusted for the split .'))

Input: The lumber , insulation and fireproofing concern said the transaction , which includes a swap of other timber interests , would result in a $ 13.5 million after-tax gain , to be recorded in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the lumber , insulation and fireproofing concern said .', SUB/PURPOSE('The transaction would result in a $ 13.5 million after-tax gain .','This was to be recorded in the fourth quarter .' ), 'The transaction includes a swap of other timber interests .'))

Input: Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120-day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Healthcare International Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away .','This was with additional amounts in the future .' ), 'It reached a 120-day standstill agreement .'))

Input: In return , HealthVest agreed that it wo n't exercise its rights and remedies against Healthcare during the 120-day period .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what HealthVest agreed in return .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is against Healthcare .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is during the 120-day period .','It wo n't exercise its rights and remedies .')))

Input: In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to HealthVest .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the standstill period .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales .')))

Input: Because Healthcare actually owes HealthVest $ 4.2 million in rent and mortgage payments each month , the amount due above the amount paid will be added to the three-year note .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Healthcare actually owes HealthVest $ 4.2 million in rent and mortgage payments each month .', SUB/ELABORATION('The amount due above the amount will be added to the three-year note .','The amount was paid .'))

Input: The funds should help ease a cash bind at HealthVest , which has been unable to pay its debts because Healthcare has n't made complete rent and mortgage payments since July .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at HealthVest .','The funds should help ease a cash bind .' )SUB/CAUSE('HealthVest has been unable to pay its debts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since July .','Healthcare has n't made complete rent and mortgage payments .')))

Input: Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Healthcare said .','It is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million .' ), 'Healthcare has been in a severe liquidity bind .')

Input: But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Reserve Fund was America 's first money fund .', CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(CO/CONTRAST('But the Reserve Fund was not named .', CO/LIST('The Reserve Fund were the creators of the money-fund concept .','The Reserve Fund were the creators of Harry Brown .','The Reserve Fund were the creators of myself .'))))

Input: The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in as President Judge of Cambria County .','300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing .'))

Input: Baskets of roses and potted palms adorned his bench .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('O'Kicki was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('But then O'Kicki often behaved like a man .','A man would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one .'))

Input: Bailiffs claimed they were required to chauffeur him to and from work , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts , Dixie and Husky .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what bailiffs claimed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to and from work .', CO/LIST('They were required to chauffeur him , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed his two grown mutts .','They were required to chauffeur him , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed Dixie .','They were required to chauffeur him , mow his lawn , chop his wood , fix his car and even drop by his house to feed Husky .')))

Input: The judge , suspended from his bench pending his trial , which began this week , vehemently denies all the allegations against him , calling them ludicrous and imaginative , political demagoguery .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The judge vehemently denies all the allegations against him .','The judge is suspended from his bench pending his trial .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The judge vehemently is calling them ludicrous and imaginative , political demagoguery .','The judge is suspended from his bench pending his trial .' ), 'His trial began this week .'))

Input: Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after year .', CO/LIST('Lawyers can expect to appear before the same judge year .','Their clients can expect to appear before the same judge year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to a country courthouse .','Their clients frequently bring business .')))

Input: Judge O'Kicki , a stern and forbidding-looking man , has been a fixture in the local legal community for more than two decades .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('O'Kicki was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('O'Kicki was a stern and forbidding-looking man .','O'Kicki has been a fixture in the local legal community for more than two decades .'))

Input: The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through the University of Pittsburgh Law School .','The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was put himself .'))

Input: It was also in law school that Mr. O'Kicki and his first wife had the first of seven daughters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('O'Kicki was law school that Mr. .', CO/LIST('It was also in O'Kicki .','His first wife had the first of seven daughters .'))

Input: Last year , Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice John P. Flaherty called Mr. O'Kicki one of the finest judges not only in Pennsylvania but in the United States .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John P. Flaherty was Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice .', SUB/ELABORATION('O'Kicki was Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was not only in Pennsylvania but in the United States .','Last year , John P. Flaherty called O'Kicki one of the finest judges .')))

Input: And when he ran unsuccessfully for a state appellate court seat in 1983 , the Pennsylvania Bar Association rated him one of the best available , after interviewing local lawyers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1983 .','He ran unsuccessfully for a state appellate court seat .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was after interviewing local lawyers .','And , the Pennsylvania Bar Association rated him one of the best available .'))

Input: What about those institutions that are supposed to be the bedrock of society , the banks and the bar association ... ? wrote a columnist for the Tribune-Democrat , a newspaper in nearby Johnstown , shortly after the scandal became public .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago , the judicial process would n't be under the taint it is today .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('The judicial process would n't be under the taint .','It is today the taint .'))

Input: Officials with the Pennsylvania Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , the arm of the state that investigates judicial misconduct , counter that they had no inkling of anything amiss in Ebensburg .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Officials with the Pennsylvania Judicial Inquiry and Review Board were the arm of the state .','The state investigates judicial misconduct .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what officials with the Pennsylvania Judicial Inquiry and Review Board counter .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Ebensburg .','They had no inkling of anything amiss .')))

Input: Mr. Green thought little of it , he told the grand jury , until the judge walked up to him after the courtroom had cleared and suggested a kickback .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Green was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he told the grand jury .','Until the judge walked up to him after the courtroom had cleared and suggested a kickback .'))

Input: Do n't you think I ought to get a commission ... or part of your fee in this case ? Mr. Green said the judge asked him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Green was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Green said .','The judge asked him .'))

Input: But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board , either , saying later that he feared retribution .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was either .','But he did n't complain to the state 's Judicial Inquiry and Review Board .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he was saying later .','He feared retribution .'))

Input: Like most of Cambria County 's lawyers and residents who had dealings with the judge , Mr. Green declined to be interviewed for this article .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Green was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was like most of Cambria County 's lawyers and residents .','Green declined to be interviewed for this article .' ), ', Cambria County 's lawyers and residents had dealings with the judge .'))

Input: I do n't have anything much to say , and I think that 's what you 're going to find from everyone else you talk to up here , says local attorney Edward F. Peduzzi .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The judge was considered imperious , abrasive and ambitious , those who practiced before him say .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The judge was considered imperious , abrasive and ambitious , those .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Those practiced .','Him say .'))

Input: Visitors in his chambers say he could cite precisely the years , months , weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge , giving Judge O'Kicki the seniority required to take over as the county 's top court administrator .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('O'Kicki was Judge .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what visitors in his chambers say .', SUB/ELABORATION('He could cite precisely the years , months , weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge , giving O'Kicki the seniority .','The seniority was required to take over as the county 's top court administrator .')))

Input: Until this came up and hit the press , there was never any indication that he was doing anything wrong .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('This came up .','This hit the press .' )SUB/ELABORATION('There was never any indication .','He was doing anything wrong .'))

Input: I find myself in an adversary relationship with Laurel Bank , and I am not inclined to extend myself as far as any favors are concerned , the judge wrote back in a letter attached to the grand jury 's report .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an adversary relationship with Laurel Bank .', SUB/ELABORATION('I find myself , and I am not inclined to extend myself as far as any favors are concerned , the judge wrote back in a letter .','A letter was attached to the grand jury 's report .'))

Input: The judge now says it was unfortunate that he chose to write the letter but says there was certainly no intent to extort there .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the judge says .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was unfortunate .', CO/CONTRAST('He chose to write the letter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','There was certainly no intent to extort there .'))))

Input: It refinanced the judge 's loan , lowered its interest rate and accepted a trade-in that had n't originally been part of the deal -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation the dealer had to repair before it could be resold .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It refinanced the judge 's loan .','It lowered its interest rate .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('It accepted a trade-in -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation .','The dealer had to repair before it could be resold a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation .' ), 'A trade-in had n't originally been part of the deal .'))

Input: His seven-bedroom cedar and brick house outside of Johnstown is up for sale to pay for his lawyers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I lose , I lose my position , my career , my pension , my home and my investments , says the judge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('My position is my career .','My position is my pension .','My position is my home .','My position is my investments .' )SUB/CONDITION('I lose .', SUB/ELABORATION('I lose .','My position says the judge .')))

Input: I await his sequel : the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area and the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cockburn is system Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed Cockburn now believes in .', CO/LIST('I await his sequel .','I await the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area .','I await the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations .')))

Input: As a money manager and a grass-roots environmentalist , I was very disappointed to read in the premiere issue of Garbage that The Wall Street Journal uses 220,000 metric tons of newsprint each year , but that only 1.4 % of it comes from recycled paper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as a money manager .','This was as a grass-roots environmentalist .' ), 'I was very disappointed to read in the premiere issue of Garbage that The Wall Street Journal uses 220,000 metric tons of newsprint each year , but that only 1.4 % of it comes from recycled paper .')

Input: With newspapers being the largest single component of solid waste in our landfills , and with our country overflowing with trash , all sectors of our society and all types of businesses must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with newspapers being the largest single component of solid waste in our landfills , and with our country overflowing with trash .', CO/LIST('All sectors of our society must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources .','All types of businesses must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources .'))

Input: Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company would be used for acquisitions .',', Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company would be used for other general corporate purposes .' ), 'The Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company was approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said .')

Input: Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue , which is non-callable for five years , will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Morgan Stanley & Co .' ), 'The issue is non-callable for five years .'))

Input: The issue is rated single-B-3 by Moody 's and single-B-plus by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both the Series 1989 A and Series 1989 B bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 , according to a Merrill Lynch official .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a Merrill Lynch official .','Both the Series 1989 A and Series 1989 B bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 .'))

Input: The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized .', SUB/ELABORATION('75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy .','A General Electric pool policy was covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans .'))

Input: The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks -LRB- $ 54.5 million -RRB- and employs about 400 people .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said .', CO/LIST('Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks -LRB- $ 54.5 million -RRB- .','Berthold employs about 400 people .'))

Input: Berthold is based in Wildbad , West Germany , and also has operations in Belgium .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wildbad was West Germany .', CO/LIST('Berthold is based in Wildbad .','Berthold also has operations in Belgium .'))

Input: John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John M. Kucharski was EG&G 's chairman and chief executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what John M. Kucharski said .', CO/LIST('The acquisition will extend EG&G 's core technologies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the European Economic Community .','The acquisition will strengthen its position .' ), 'The acquisition will assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market .')))

Input: He said it especially will strengthen the company 's efforts in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics .','It especially will strengthen the company 's efforts .'))

Input: The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a 12 % stake in Transgenic .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for $ 7 million in cash and securities .','The sale will leave EG&G .' ), 'This was what executives said .'))

Input: Mason is the largest toxicology lab in New England , with annual revenue of $ 8 million and 140 employees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with annual revenue of $ 8 million .','This is with 140 employees .' ), 'Mason is the largest toxicology lab in New England .')

Input: The combined companies will become profitable by January 1990 , said James P. Sherblom , Transgenic 's chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hunt was much Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over how Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold .','But they have been at odds .'))

Input: The IRS had demanded $ 90 million but Mr. Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The IRS had demanded $ 90 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hunt is Mr. .','Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million .'))

Input: But they wanted to roll the dice and we 're going to let them , Mr. Hartt said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hartt was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('But they wanted to roll the dice .','But we 're going to let them .' ), 'This was what Hartt said .'))

Input: An increasing number of big Japanese investors are buying up U.S. home mortgages that have been pooled and packaged for sale as interest-bearing instruments known as mortgage-backed securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('An increasing number of big Japanese investors are buying up U.S. home mortgages .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as interest-bearing instruments .','Interest-bearing instruments were known as mortgage-backed securities .' ), 'U.S. home mortgages have been pooled and packaged for sale .'))

Input: As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities now flow into Japanese hands .', SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. was New .', CO/DISJUNCTION('U.S. mortgage securities are issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association .','U.S. mortgage securities are issued by Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac .')))

Input: But it marks a big change for the Japanese , who shunned mortgage securities after getting burned by a big downturn in interest rates a few years back .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it marks a big change for the Japanese .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after .','The Japanese shunned mortgage securities .' ), 'The Japanese were getting burned by a big downturn in interest rates a few years back .'))

Input: And a Fannie Mae seminar this week promises to draw hundreds of prospective investors , who can be expected to channel tens of billions of dollars into the market in the next few years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And a Fannie Mae seminar this week promises to draw hundreds of prospective investors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into the market in the next few years .','Prospective investors can be expected to channel tens of billions of dollars .'))

Input: While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('They are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government .','Treasury bonds are .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it is widely assumed .','The government would support them if necessary .'))

Input: But there is a risk , which the Japanese discovered when they first dipped their toes into the market nearly five years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there is a risk .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Japanese discovered .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into the market .','They first dipped their toes nearly five years ago a risk .')))

Input: Since most mortgages can be prepaid or refinanced at any time , issuers of mortgage securities retain the right to buy back their bonds before maturity .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Most mortgages can be prepaid or refinanced at any time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is before maturity .','Issuers of mortgage securities retain the right to buy back their bonds .'))

Input: Two or three years ago , the problem was that people did n't understand the prepayment risk , says Nomura 's Mr. Kato .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on their investments .','But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments .' ), 'But the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems .')

Input: And Japanese investors took up nearly all of two $ 200 million Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits , a kind of collateralized mortgage obligation , that were offered to foreigners this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Two $ 200 million Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits were a kind of collateralized mortgage obligation .','And Japanese investors took up nearly all of two $ 200 million Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Two $ 200 million Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits were a kind of collateralized mortgage obligation .','Two $ 200 million Real Estate Mortgage Investment Conduits were offered to foreigners this year .'))

Input: Freddie Mac for years has offered a so-called participation certificate that guarantees it wo n't be prepaid for a set number of years and offers semiannual payments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Freddie Mac for years has offered a so-called participation certificate .', SUB/ELABORATION('A so-called participation certificate guarantees .', CO/LIST('It wo n't be prepaid for a set number of years .','It offers semiannual payments .')))

Input: Therefore , the debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations and the halls of academia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is therefore .', CO/LIST('The debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations .','The debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the halls of academia .'))

Input: Although poison pills come in different colors and shapes , they usually give current shareholders the right to buy more stock of their corporation at a large discount if certain events occur -- typically , if a hostile bidder acquires more than a specified percentage of the corporation 's stock .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Poison pills come in different colors .','Poison pills shapes .' )SUB/CONDITION('They usually give current shareholders the right to buy more stock of their corporation at a large discount if certain events occur -- typically .','A hostile bidder acquires more than a specified percentage of the corporation 's stock .'))

Input: These critics are backed by several academic studies showing that the adoption of poison pills reduces shareholder values not merely in the short run , but also over longer periods .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These critics are backed by several academic studies .', SUB/ELABORATION('These critics were showing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is not merely in the short run , but also over longer periods .','The adoption of poison pills reduces shareholder values .')))

Input: Does this team have a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and does this strategy require implementation over an extended period ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The limit could range from three years to seven years , depending on the composition of the management team and the nature of its strategic plan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to seven years .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is depending on the composition of the management team .','This is depending on the nature of its strategic plan .' ), 'The limit could range from three years .'))

Input: At the end of this period , the poison pill would be eliminated automatically , unless a new poison pill were approved by the then-current shareholders , who would have an opportunity to evaluate the corporation 's strategy and management team at that time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the end of this period .','The poison pill would be eliminated automatically .' ), 'A new poison pill were approved by the then-current shareholders .' ), 'The then-current shareholders would have an opportunity to evaluate the corporation 's strategy and management team at that time .')

Input: Mr. Pozen is the general counsel and a managing director of Fidelity Investments in Boston .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pozen is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Pozen is the general counsel .','Pozen is a managing director of Fidelity Investments in Boston .'))

Input: Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Blair was former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the company 's board .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a special shareholder meeting .','Michael Blair failed to win election .')))

Input: Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hees is a merchant bank controlled by Toronto financiers Peter and Edward Bronfman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter was Toronto financiers .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hees is a merchant bank .','A merchant bank was controlled by Peter and Edward Bronfman .'))

Input: But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry .', SUB/ELABORATION('The prominent purchase is just the sort of deal .','The sort of deal should be avoided for the time being .'))

Input: But they did n't have to choose this particular moment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: During the past year , government officials and leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the past year .', CO/LIST('Government officials have repeatedly urged Japanese companies .','Leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies .' ), 'This was to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the .'))

Input: Since the mid-1980s , Japan 's other major real estate purchases in the U.S. include Dai-Ichi Seimei America Corp. 's $ 670 million purchase of an office building at 153 East 53rd St. in Manhattan in 1987 and Mitsui Fudosan Inc. 's $ 610 million purchase of the Exxon Building , part of Rockefeller Center , in 1986 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('153 East 53rd St. in Manhattan in 1987 and Mitsui Fudosan Inc. 's $ 610 million purchase of the Exxon Building are part of Rockefeller Center .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is at 153 East 53rd St. in Manhattan in 1987 .','This is at 153 East 53rd St. in Mitsui Fudosan Inc. 's $ 610 million purchase of the Exxon Building in 1986 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is since the mid-1980s .','Japan 's other major real estate purchases in the U.S. include Dai-Ichi Seimei America Corp. 's $ 670 million purchase of an office building .')))

Input: In Los Angeles , Arco Plaza was sold to Shuwa Corp. for $ 620 million in 1986 , and Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. paid $ 300 million for Atlanta 's IBM Tower last year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Los Angeles .','Arco Plaza was sold to Shuwa Corp. for $ 620 million in 1986 .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was for Atlanta 's IBM Tower .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Los Angeles .',', Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. paid $ 300 million last year .')))

Input: Many Japanese companies have taken the warnings by the country 's leaders to heart and sought development partnerships rather than landmark properties .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the country 's leaders .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to heart .','Many Japanese companies have taken the warnings .' ), 'Many Japanese companies have sought development partnerships rather than landmark properties .'))

Input: Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what those who have no money and are n't buying think .','It 's right to refrain .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Those with money , says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council .','Money want to buy for themselves pay no attention .'))

Input: But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements that should win support from both sides .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from both sides .','Just the elements should win support .'))

Input: We 'll continue to work with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rockefeller may well have found its match in Mitsubishi Estate , a company of long history , strong government ties and sound resources .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Mitsubishi Estate was a company of long history .','Mitsubishi Estate was a company of strong government ties .','Mitsubishi Estate was a company of sound resources .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Mitsubishi Estate .','Rockefeller may well have found its match .'))

Input: The Mitsubishi family company acquired that property from the government some 100 years ago when it was a portion of samurai residential land running from the moat of the Imperial Palace east toward the hodgepodge of tiny shops and twisted alleys that made up the merchants ' district .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Mitsubishi family company acquired that property from the government some 100 years ago when it was a portion of samurai residential land east toward the hodgepodge of tiny shops .','The Mitsubishi family company acquired that property from the government some 100 years ago when it was a portion of samurai residential land east toward the hodgepodge of twisted alleys .' )CO/LIST(', Samurai residential land was running from the moat of the Imperial Palace east toward the hodgepodge of tiny shops .',', Samurai residential land was running from the moat of the Imperial Palace east toward the hodgepodge of twisted alleys .' ), 'Twisted alleys made up the merchants ' district .'))

Input: But the Rockefeller investment is its largest .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mitsubishi is also pushing ahead with a controversial plan to redevelop Marunouchi into a business center of high-tech buildings , a project budgeted for 30 years and six trillion yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('High-tech buildings were a project .', CO/LIST('A project was budgeted for 30 years .','A project was budgeted for six trillion yen .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Mitsubishi is also pushing ahead with a controversial plan .','This is to redevelop Marunouchi into a business center of high-tech buildings .')))

Input: Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies .', SUB/ELABORATION('Peter Guber is Hollywood producers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Peter Guber and Jon Peters .','The two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners .')))

Input: Sony is acquiring Columbia and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. in two separate transactions valued at more than $ 5 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in two separate transactions .','Two separate transactions were valued at more than $ 5 billion .' )CO/LIST(', Sony is acquiring Columbia .',', Sony is acquiring Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. .'))

Input: Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was against Sony .','This was against the two producers .' ), 'Warner Communications Inc. has filed a $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit .' ), 'Warner Communications Inc. is being acquired by Time Warner .')

Input: Warner has a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Peters is Guber and Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Warner has Peters .','Peters requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio .')))

Input: The two sides in the legal battle have hurled accusations of duplicity at each other for weeks , and both Warner and Sony have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at each other for weeks .','The two sides in the legal battle have hurled accusations of duplicity .' ), 'Both Warner and Sony have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business .')

Input: But it may amount to little more than posturing ; the two have continued on-again , off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks , and people familiar with the talks say the matter could be resolved within a week .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But it may amount to little more than posturing .','But the two have continued on-again , off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what people familiar with the talks say .','The matter could be resolved within a week .'))

Input: In addition , Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share , in exchange for the old MGM studio lot that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in exchange for the old MGM studio lot .',', Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp .'))

Input: Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks vicious and his claims reckless , irresponsible and baseless , saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Ross was Mr. .','Ross saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Ross was Mr. .','Ross will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Yetnikoff 's remarks vicious and his claims reckless , irresponsible and baseless .'))

Input: But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ross was the acrimony between Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Yetnikoff was Ross and Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But despite Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement .','A settlement might yield attractive business opportunities .')))

Input: Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo .','Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas have no personal relationships or ego .' ), 'Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas were never directly drawn into the fray .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Ross is Time Warner alongside Mr. .','Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas will eventually be co-chief executive of Ross .'))

Input: But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other 's terms to resolve the issue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from any of the projects .', SUB/ELABORATION('Any settlement is also expected to exclude Guber and Peters .','They were working on at Warner Guber and Peters .')))

Input: The Guber-Peters duo have 50 projects in various stages of development and production at Warner , including Bonfire of the Vanities and A Bright Shining Lie .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including Bonfire of the Vanities .','This is including Bonfire of A Bright Shining Lie .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Warner .','The Guber-Peters duo have 50 projects in various stages of development and production .'))

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to Batman , the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Guber and Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to Batman , the blockbuster hit .','They produced for Warner .'))

Input: But in acquiring Guber-Peters Entertainment , Sony will actually get a piece of the profits from Batman , since the publicly held concern gets certain revenue from the movies Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters produce .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was the movies Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Peters was certain revenue from Guber and Mr. .', CO/LIST('But Sony was acquiring Guber-Peters Entertainment .', SUB/CAUSE('The publicly held concern gets .','But , Sony will actually get a piece of the profits from Batman , Peters produce .'))))

Input: Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions .',', Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make tax evasion .' ), ', Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary paid $ 500,000 in fines .')

Input: The plea settlement does not allow Southern Co. to charge any of the $ 500,000 to its customers , or take action against employees who provided information during the federal inquiry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is against employees .','The plea settlement does not allow Southern Co. to charge any of the $ 500,000 to its customers , or take action .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the federal inquiry .','Employees provided information .'))

Input: In a statement , Southern Co. President Edward L. Addison said , We believe our decision to plead -LRB- guilty -RRB- to these charges is responsible and proper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward L. Addison is President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we believe in a statement .','Our decision to plead -LRB- guilty -RRB- to these charges is responsible and proper .'))

Input: And our action today will allow Gulf Power to avoid prolonged , distracting legal proceedings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. Jake Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jacob F. Jake Horton was former Gulf Power senior vice president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the government indicated .', CO/LIST('Jacob F. Jake Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .','Jacob F. Jake Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Dick Leonard Group II Inc. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .','Jacob F. Jake Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 .')))

Input: And Dewar 's gave discounts on Scottish merchandise to people who sent in bottle labels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Scottish merchandise .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to people .','And Dewar 's gave discounts .' ), 'People sent in bottle labels .'))

Input: But the scope of Seagram 's Chivas promotion sets it apart .
Prediction: NONE

Input: MOST FOOD companies these days are trimming the fat and cholesterol content of their products to appeal to health-conscious consumers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Goya Foods Inc. believes it can milk some sales by bucking the trend .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Goya Foods Inc. believes .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','It can milk some sales .' ), 'It is bucking the trend .'))

Input: Borden sells considerably more whole milk than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is than reduced-fat milks in southern and Hispanic markets .','Borden sells considerably more whole milk .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: Borden even tested a milk with 4 % butterfat in the South , but decided the market was too small .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with 4 % butterfat .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the South .','Borden even tested a milk .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Borden even decided .','The market was too small .')))

Input: Jewelry displays in department stores were often cluttered and uninspired .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To increase their share of that business , jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. , maker of Anne Klein jewelry , are launching new lines with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Swank Inc. is maker of Anne Klein jewelry .', SUB/PURPOSE('This is to increase their share of that business .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with as much fanfare as the fragrance companies .','Jewelry makers such as Crystal Brands Inc. 's Trifari and Monet units and Swank Inc. are launching new lines .')))

Input: They 're hiring models to stroll the aisles sporting their jewels , and they 're even beginning to borrow a perennial favorite of the beauty business -- offering a gift when consumers make a purchase .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('They 're hiring models .','This is to stroll the aisles sporting their jewels .' )CO/LIST('They 're even beginning to borrow a perennial favorite of the beauty business .','Offering a gift when consumers make a purchase .'))

Input: But there are limits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge : They motivate sales people with commissions .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with commissions .','They motivate sales people .'))

Input: Northwest Airlines settled the remaining lawsuits filed on behalf of 156 people killed in a 1987 crash , but claims against the jetliner 's maker are being pursued , a federal judge said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Northwest Airlines settled the remaining lawsuits .', SUB/ELABORATION('The remaining lawsuits were filed on behalf of 156 people .','156 people were killed in a 1987 crash .' ), ', Claims against the jetliner 's maker are being pursued .' ), 'This was what a federal judge said .'))

Input: Northwest , a unit of NWA Inc. , and McDonnell Douglas Corp. , which made the MD-80 aircraft , also are pursuing counterclaims against each other in the crash near Detroit Metropolitan Airport .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A unit of NWA Inc. , and McDonnell Douglas Corp. are Northwest .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is against each other in the crash near Detroit Metropolitan Airport .','Northwest also are pursuing counterclaims .' ), 'McDonnell Douglas Corp. made the MD-80 aircraft .'))

Input: The jury will resolve the claims against McDonnell Douglas , Northwest 's claim that a defect in the aircraft caused the crash , and McDonnell Douglas ' claim that the plane was improperly flown .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the jury will resolve the claims against McDonnell Douglas , Northwest 's claim .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A defect in the aircraft caused the crash .','A defect in the aircraft caused McDonnell Douglas ' claim .' ), 'The plane was improperly flown .'))

Input: The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The National Transportation Safety Board ruled .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was properly for takeoff .','Pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Pilots failed to make mandatory preflight checks .','Mandatory preflight checks would have detected the error .')))

Input: Also , a cockpit warning system failed to alert the pilots the flaps and slats were not set for takeoff , the NTSB said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','A cockpit warning system failed to alert the pilots .' ), 'The flaps and slats were not set for takeoff the pilots .' ), 'This was what the NTSB said .')

Input: The only passenger who survived the crash was Cecelia Cichan , then 4 , of Tempe , Ariz. , whose parents and brother died in the crash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was of Tempe , Ariz. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was then 4 .','The only passenger was Cecelia Cichan .' ), '4 's parents died in the crash .' ), 'The only passenger survived the crash .'))

Input: Sun Myung Moon , the Korean evangelist-industrialist who in 1954 founded the Unification Church , remains the mystery man behind a multimillion-dollar political and publishing operation based in this country and catering to the American right .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sun Myung Moon was the Korean evangelist-industrialist .','The Korean evangelist-industrialist in 1954 founded the Unification Church .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was behind a multimillion-dollar political and publishing operation based in this country and catering to the American right .',', Sun Myung Moon remains the mystery man .'))

Input: But there may be less there than meets the eye .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Moon planned to convert millions of Americans to his unique brand of Christianity -- in which he plays the role of Old Testament-style temporal , political messiah -- and then to make the U.S. part of a unified international theocracy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moon was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to his unique brand of Christianity -- in which he plays the role of Old Testament-style temporal , political messiah -- .','Moon planned to convert millions of Americans and then to make the U.S. part of a unified international theocracy .'))

Input: Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in North America .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the Moon movement .','More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure , as they had in Japan and South Korea .'))

Input: But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S.
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1976 .','It organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .','There actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members .')))

Input: Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was from South Korea and Japan .','This was from minimum cash downpayments .','This was from sizable mortgages .' ), 'Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money .')

Input: Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Burgess was journalists .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the U.S. .','At least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan .' ), 'This was to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country .')))

Input: Start-up costs for the Washington Times alone were close to $ 50 million , and the total amount lost in this journalistic black hole was estimated at $ 150 million by 1984 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Start-up costs for the Washington Times alone were close to $ 50 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 1984 .','The total amount lost in this journalistic black hole was estimated at $ 150 million .'))

Input: Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , The World and I and Insight , which are a further drain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .', CO/LIST('Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines .','Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of The World .','Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of I and Insight .' ), 'Insight are a further drain .'))

Input: Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Some components of the American church had their budgets .','Their budgets were cut in half last year .' ), ', Some components of the American church again this year .')

Input: The relatively small academic conferences that have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- in recent years are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand-person get-togethers in fancy digs and exotic locales of years past .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The relatively small academic conferences are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand-person get-togethers in fancy digs .','The relatively small academic conferences are much more narrowly targeted and austere than exotic locales of years past .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .','The relatively small academic conferences have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- .'))

Input: -LRB- Mr. Moon 's Paragon House eventually even published three of my co-edited books on religion and politics . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moon was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on religion and politics .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moon 's Paragon House published .','Three of my co-edited books .')))

Input: Everything , one Moonie senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview , is going back to Korea and Japan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moon was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 25 years .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in China .','Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year and keep the profits .')))

Input: Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moon is the Rev. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers are salvage -- not Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle .','The publications and conferences bring really Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers .'))

Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the majority holder of Manville acknowledged that the cash portion of its initial funding of $ 765 million will be depleted next year , and that alternative sources of funds will be necessary to meet its obligations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the majority holder of Manville acknowledged in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .', CO/LIST('That the cash portion of its initial funding of $ 765 million will be depleted next year .','That alternative sources of funds will be necessary to meet its obligations .'))

Input: The trust is considering a sale of its Manville holdings , but Manville has the right of first refusal on any sales of its stock held by the trust .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The trust is considering a sale of its Manville holdings .', SUB/ELABORATION('Manville has the right of first refusal on any sales of its stock .','Its stock was held by the trust .'))

Input: Manville , a forest and building products concern , has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Manville was a forest and building products concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock .','Manville has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million .'))

Input: Manville and the trust are discussing the offer , but no decision has been made .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Manville are discussing the offer .','The trust are discussing the offer .' ), 'No decision has been made .')

Input: The filing also said the trust is considering a sale of Manville securities in the open market ; an extraordinary dividend on the common stock ; or a recapitalization of Manville .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the filing said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The trust is considering a sale of Manville securities in the open market .','The trust is considering a sale of an extraordinary dividend on the common stock .','The trust is considering a sale of a recapitalization of Manville .'))

Input: Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan .','Unemployment has reached 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan .','Unemployment has reached 22.8 % in Uzbekistan .','Unemployment has reached 18.8 % in Turkmenia .','Unemployment has reached 18 % in Armenia .','Unemployment has reached 16.3 % in Kirgizia .' ), 'This was what the Communist Party newspaper said .')

Input: Pravda gave no estimate for overall unemployment but said an Association of the Unemployed has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets , or 17 % of the work force .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overall unemployment .','Pravda gave no estimate .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Pravda said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('An Association of the Unemployed has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets .','An Association of the Unemployed has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 17 % of the work force .')))

Input: The two , Szeto Wah and Martin Lee , were deemed unfit because they had condemned China 's crackdown on its pro-democracy movement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Szeto Wah and Martin Lee were the two .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the two were deemed unfit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on its pro-democracy movement .','Because they had condemned China 's crackdown .')))

Input: South Korean government officials said they do n't expect that Seoul can loan money to Warsaw , but it can offer experience .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what South Korean government officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They do n't expect .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Warsaw .',', Seoul can loan money .' ), 'It can offer experience .')))

Input: Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt-equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Venezuela announced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to foreign investors .','It was opening up debt-equity swaps .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Venezuela said .','The program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year .')))

Input: Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Most of the proposals are in tourism .','Most of the proposals are in basic industry and fishery .','Most of the proposals are in agro-industry projects .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Under the debt-equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the percentage of discount .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the debt-equity program .','Potential investors will submit sealed bids .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the debt-equity program .','The bids will be allocated based on these discount offers .')))

Input: A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tracy Chapman was A song by American singer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Nelson Mandela was black leader .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tracy Chapman praising jailed .','Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television .')))

Input: The anti-hooligan law , which would deprive troublemakers of cards , must be ratified by the House of Lords and is expected to become effective early next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The anti-hooligan law must be ratified by the House of Lords .','The anti-hooligan law is expected to become effective early next year .' ), 'The anti-hooligan law would deprive troublemakers of cards .')

Input: A federal judge ruled that Imelda Marcos was n't brought to the U.S. against her will and that marital privileges , which protect spouses from incriminating each other , do n't apply in her case .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A federal judge ruled that Imelda Marcos was n't brought to the U.S. against her will and that marital privileges do n't apply in her case .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from .','Marital privileges protect spouses .' ), 'Marital privileges are incriminating each other .'))

Input: Mrs. Marcos had claimed that she did n't have to turn over the documents because she was brought here involuntarily and because providing the materials would violate her marital privilege .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Marcos was Mrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Marcos had claimed .',', She did n't have to turn over the documents because she was brought here involuntarily and because providing the materials would violate her marital privilege .'))

Input: The U.S. has charged that the Marcoses ' alleged crimes involved bank accounts in the Philippines , Hong Kong , the U.S. and other countries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. has charged .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in the Philippines .','This was in Hong Kong .','This was in the U.S. .','This was in other countries .' ), 'The Marcoses ' alleged crimes involved bank accounts .'))

Input: On the allegation of kidnapping , Judge Keenan wrote , The suggestion that Mrs. Marcos was brought to this country against her will is unsupported by affidavit or affirmation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Keenan is Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Marcos is The suggestion that Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the allegation of kidnapping .','Keenan wrote , Marcos was brought to this country against her will .' ), 'Is unsupported by affidavit or affirmation her will .')))

Input: But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is fostering harmony in marriage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Keenan was Judge .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Keenan said .','Privilege 's purpose is fostering harmony in marriage .'))

Input: But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Keenan was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Marcos was Mrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Keenan said .','Privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Marcos 's attorneys maintained .')))

Input: U.S. . AND BRITISH LAW FIRMS announce rare joint venture in Tokyo .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sidley & Austin , a leading Chicago-based law firm , and Ashurst Morris Crisp , a midsized London firm of solicitors , are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office in Tokyo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Sidley & Austin were a midsized London firm of solicitors .','A leading Chicago-based law firm were a midsized London firm of solicitors .','Ashurst Morris Crisp were a midsized London firm of solicitors .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Tokyo .', CO/LIST(', Sidley & Austin are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office .','A leading Chicago-based law firm are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office .','Ashurst Morris Crisp are scheduled today to announce plans to open a joint office .')))

Input: The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as foreign legal consultants .','The firms will be registered under Japanese law .' ), 'Their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law .')

Input: The Sidley-Ashurst venture will also be staffed by another Sidley partner specializing in corporate law , a partner from Ashurst concentrating on acquisitions and a Japanese attorney .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A partner from Ashurst was corporate law .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Sidley-Ashurst venture will also be staffed by another Sidley partner .', SUB/ELABORATION('Another Sidley partner was specializing in corporate law .', CO/LIST(', Corporate law was concentrating on acquisitions .',', Corporate law was concentrating on a Japanese attorney .'))))

Input: One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health-care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb was a health-care specialty law firm .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with 14 lawyers .','One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb .'))

Input: Norris McLaughlin is a general-practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Norris McLaughlin is a general-practice firm .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as banking .','This was as labor .','This was as environmental work .' ), 'A general-practice firm has expanded recently into such specialties .'))

Input: He said an altered license would be an embarrassment to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('An altered license would be an embarrassment to teenagers .','An altered license would be an embarrassment to young adults .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to drug use .','He would act as a deterrant .')))

Input: Richard Avena , executive director of the Texas Civil Liberties Union , called the proposal political gimmickry , and said it fails to recognize the drug problem as a health issue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Avena was executive director of the Texas Civil Liberties Union .', CO/LIST('Richard Avena called the proposal political gimmickry .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Avena said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a health issue .','It fails to recognize the drug problem .'))))

Input: The amendment would require the department to block the purchase of a major airline by anyone who has run two or more carriers that have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The amendment would require the department to block the purchase of a major airline by anyone .', SUB/ELABORATION('Anyone has run two or more carriers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code .','Two or more carriers have filed for protection .')))

Input: No one could voice an opinion until everybody with more seniority had spoken first , so younger employees -- often the most enthusiastic and innovative -- seldom spoke up at all .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CONDITION('No one could voice an opinion .','Everybody with more seniority had spoken first .' ), 'Younger employees -- often the most enthusiastic and innovative -- seldom spoke up at all .')

Input: But in 1986 , the badges and the do n't speak out of turn rule were abolished -- early steps in a cultural revolution still rolling on with all the subtlety of a freight train .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But in 1986 , the badges do n't speak out of turn rule .','But in 1986 , the do n't speak out of turn rule .' ), 'Were abolished -- early steps in a cultural revolution still rolling on with all the subtlety of a freight train turn rule .')

Input: And in a Japanese corporate first , Nissan recently opened the first coed company dormitory for single employees at the suburban Tokyo technical center .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for single employees .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at the suburban Tokyo technical center .','And in a Japanese corporate first , Nissan recently opened the first coed company dormitory .'))

Input: But in the end , top management decided to follow the voice of the younger generation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nissan , Japan 's second-largest auto maker and the world 's fourth-largest , was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , Toyota Motor Corp. , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Nissan was Japan 's second-largest auto maker .','Nissan was the world 's fourth-largest .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Toyota Motor Corp. was its bigger rival .','Nissan was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan .'))

Input: Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was worst of all .', CO/LIST('Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting .','Nissan was preoccupied with cronyism .','Nissan was preoccupied with corporate rigidity .'))

Input: Such sudden cultural shifts may come across as a bit forced , but they seem to be genuine -- so much so , in fact , that some older employees have resisted .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Such sudden cultural shifts may come across .','A bit forced .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .','They seem to be genuine -- so much so that some older employees have resisted .'))

Input: Nissan handled the die-hards in a typically Japanese fashion : They were n't fired but instead were neglected , says Kouji Hori , the personnel manager at the Nissan Technical Center .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The restyled 300ZX costs as much as $ 33,000 and is squared off against the Porche 944 , which begins at $ 41,900 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The restyled 300ZX costs as much as $ 33,000 .','The restyled 300ZX is squared off against the Porche 944 .' ), 'The Porche 944 begins at $ 41,900 .')

Input: Besides new styling , the new Nissans have more powerful engines and more sophisticated suspension systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is besides new styling .', CO/LIST('The new Nissans have more powerful engines .','The new Nissans have more sophisticated suspension systems .'))

Input: One is the Pao , a tiny coupe with a peelback canvas top and tilted headlights that give it a droopy-eyed look .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('One is the Pao .','One is a tiny coupe with a peelback canvas top .','One is tilted headlights .' ), 'Tilted headlights give it a droopy-eyed look .')

Input: Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one-year waiting list for the car .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos .', CO/LIST(', Sales have passed 50,000 .','There 's a one-year waiting list for the car .'))

Input: The chairs are S-Cargo seats , and a gift shop sells such items as alarm clocks styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The chairs are S-Cargo seats .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as alarm clocks .','Alarm clocks were styled like the Pao 's oversized speedometer .' ), 'A gift shop sells such items .'))

Input: Nissan concedes that it wo n't recoup all its market-share losses in Japan until at least 1995 , and even that timetable might prove optimistic .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Nissan concedes .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is until at least 1995 .','That it wo n't recoup all its market-share losses .' ), 'Even that timetable might prove optimistic .')))

Input: But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 .','But even that brings Nissan only to the share it leaves the company .'))

Input: In compact and subcompact cars , the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers , Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Compact and subcompact cars are the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in compact and subcompact cars .','Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda .'))

Input: Even if the new Stanza succeeds , Nissan will remain behind in the subcompact segment , where its Sentra does n't measure up to the Honda Civic and Toyota Corolla .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/CONDITION('The new Stanza succeeds .','Nissan will remain behind in the subcompact segment .' ), 'Its Sentra does n't measure up to the Honda Civic and Toyota Corolla .')

Input: At the opposite end of the market , Nissan launches its luxury Infiniti division on Nov. 8 -- three years after Honda pioneered Japanese luxury cars and two months after Toyota 's Lexus went on sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Nov. 8 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the opposite end of the market .','Nissan launches its luxury Infiniti division -- three years after Honda pioneered Japanese luxury cars and two months after Toyota 's Lexus went on sale .'))

Input: The ads featured fences , rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is to the U.S. .','Nissan is sending about 2,000 of them .' ), 'Nissan is keeping the rest for sale in Japan .'))

Input: But on reflection , Mr. Oka says , he concluded that Nissan is being prudent in following its slow-startup strategy instead of simply copying Lexus .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oka was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But on reflection , Oka says , he concluded .','Nissan is being prudent in following its slow-startup strategy instead of simply copying Lexus .'))

Input: Infiniti is Nissan 's big business move for the 21st century , and we 're in no hurry to generate large profits right away , Mr. Oka says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oka is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Infiniti is Nissan 's big business move for the 21st century .','We 're in no hurry to generate large profits right away .' ), 'This is what Oka says .'))

Input: Nissan has increased earnings more than market share by cutting costs and by taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was more than market share by cutting costs and by .','Nissan has increased earnings .' ), 'Nissan was taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales .')

Input: Nissan is the world 's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world 's key economic arenas -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nissan is the world 's only auto maker -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in all three of the world 's key economic arenas .', CO/LIST('The world 's only auto maker is building vehicles -- the U.S. .','The world 's only auto maker is building vehicles -- Japan .','The world 's only auto maker is building vehicles -- Europe .')))

Input: That gives it an enviable strategic advantage , at least until its rivals catch up , but also plenty of managerial headaches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is until its rivals catch up , but also plenty of managerial headaches .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least .','That gives it an enviable strategic advantage .'))

Input: And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with aggressive tactics .','And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort .' ), 'Aggressive tactics have left some workers bitter .')

Input: We are still only half way through the turnaround of this company , and there are many more things to do , President Kume says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kume is President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('We are still only half way through the turnaround of this company .','There are many more things to do .' ), 'This is what Kume says .'))

Input: As expected , Warner Bros . Records said it agreed to form a recorded-music and music-publishing joint venture with former MCA Records Chairman Irving Azoff .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Irving Azoff was former MCA Records Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Warner Bros . Records said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Irving Azoff .','It agreed to form a recorded-music and music-publishing joint venture .')))

Input: Warner said it will provide financing for the venture , but did n't disclose terms .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Warner said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the venture .','It will provide financing .' ), 'Warner did n't disclose terms .'))

Input: Mr. Azoff has n't named the company yet , but any records it produces will be distributed by Warner .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Azoff was Mr. .','Azoff has n't named the company yet .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Any records will be distributed by Warner .','It produces Any records .'))

Input: In announcing the meeting yesterday , Mr. Bush told reporters at the White House that neither he nor Mr. Gorbachev expects any substantial decisions or agreements .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Bush was announcing the meeting yesterday .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush told reporters at the White House .','Neither he nor Gorbachev expects any substantial decisions or agreements .')))

Input: Instead , he said that the purpose is simply for the two to get better acquainted and discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/PURPOSE('The purpose is simply for the two .','This was to get better acquainted and discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .'))

Input: Despite the informal nature of the session and the calculated effort to hold down expectations , the meeting could pay significant political dividends for both leaders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for both leaders .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('This is despite the informal nature of the session .','This is despite the informal nature of the calculated effort .' ), 'This is to hold down expectations .' ), 'The meeting could pay significant political dividends .'))

Input: Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from the serious economic problems .','This is from ethnic unrest .' ), 'Gorbachev badly needs a diversion .' ), 'He faces the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest at home .'))

Input: American officials have said that a meeting with the leader of the U.S. could help bolster his stature among Soviet politicians and academics , whose support he needs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what american officials have said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among Soviet politicians and academics .','A meeting with the leader of the U.S. could help bolster his stature .' )CO/LIST('He needs Soviet politicians .','He needs academics 's support .')))

Input: For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for his part .','Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe .'))

Input: Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the fanfare and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush said .', SUB/PURPOSE('The December meeting will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea .','This was to hold down the fanfare and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers .' ), 'The December meeting was announced simultaneously in Moscow .')))

Input: If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights , Soviet reforms , regional disputes , relations with allies , economic cooperation , arms control , and joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('The two leaders cover the subjects .','The subjects have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings .' )CO/LIST('Their talks would include human rights .','Their talks would include Soviet reforms .','Their talks would include regional disputes .','Their talks would include relations with allies .','Their talks would include economic cooperation .','Their talks would include arms control .','Their talks would include joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution .'))

Input: In an unusually candid article about the latest economic woe -- unemployment -- Pravda yesterday reported that three million Soviets have lost their jobs as a result of perestroika and the number could grow to 16 million by the year 2005 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Pravda reported in an unusually candid article about the latest economic woe -- unemployment -- .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of perestroika .','Three million Soviets have lost their jobs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the year 2005 .','The number could grow to 16 million .')))

Input: Do n't take this as some big opening for major movement on economic cooperation , or arms control , or the environment , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is on economic cooperation .','This is on arms control , or the environment .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as some big opening for major movement .','Do n't take this .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Those things will all come up .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a fairly informal way .','Those things will all .'))

Input: Aside from the Soviet economic plight and talks on cutting strategic and chemical arms , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is aside from the Soviet economic plight and talks on cutting strategic and chemical arms .','One other issue is naval force reductions .' ), 'The Soviets are likely to want to raise one other issue .')

Input: Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what western analysts say .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at sea .','This was given the meeting 's setting .' ), 'Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact .'))

Input: But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second-level officials until the past few days .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('But word of the possible session was closely held by the president .','But word of the possible session was closely held by a handful of top aides .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was until the past few days .','But word of it did n't reach many second-level officials .'))

Input: State-owned BNL , Italy 's largest bank , has filed charges against the branch 's former manager , Christopher Drogoul , and a former branch vice president , alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', State-owned BNL was Italy 's largest bank .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was against the branch 's former manager .','This was against Christopher Drogoul .','This was against a former branch vice president .' ), ', State-owned BNL has filed charges .' ), ', State-owned BNL was alleging fraud and breach of their fiduciary duties .'))

Input: Hardly a day passes without news photos of the police dragging limp protesters from some building or thoroughfare in one of our cities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hardly a day passes without news photos of the police .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from some building or thoroughfare in one of our cities .','The police is dragging limp protesters .'))

Input: Maybe he did n't start it , but Mohandas Gandhi certainly provided a recognizable beginning to non-violent civil disobedience as we know it today .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Maybe he did n't start it .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to non-violent civil disobedience .','Mohandas Gandhi certainly provided a recognizable beginning .' ), 'We know it today .'))

Input: The Mahatma , or great souled one , instigated several campaigns of passive resistance against the British government in India .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was against the British government in India .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Mahatma instigated several campaigns of passive resistance .','Great souled one , instigated several campaigns of passive resistance .'))

Input: It is difficult , however , to justify civil disobedience , non-violent or not , where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is non-violent or not .','It is difficult to justify civil disobedience where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change .'))

Input: Where truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights and an independent judiciary to construe those rights , there is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights .','Truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of an independent judiciary .' ), 'This was to construe those rights .' ), 'There is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it .')

Input: There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It is true that both are non-violent , but there is a fundamental difference between them .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It is true .','Both are non-violent .' ), 'There is a fundamental difference between them .')

Input: The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans .', CO/LIST(', Slogans were chanted through bullhorns .',', Slogans were chanted through militant gestures .',', Slogans were chanted through accusatory signs .',', Slogans were chanted through other emotionally inspired tactics .'))

Input: Civilized discourse and an environment where compromise can begin are lost in a hostile posture abetted by superficial media interviews .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Civilized discourse are lost in a hostile posture .','An environment where compromise can begin are lost in a hostile posture .' ), 'A hostile posture was abetted by superficial media interviews .')

Input: At best , demonstrations are overused and boringly uninformative ; at worst , they can become the stimuli that lead to law breaking .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at best .','Demonstrations are overused and boringly uninformative .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at worst .','They can become the stimuli .' ), 'The stimuli lead to law breaking .'))

Input: Demonstrations are particularly apt to degenerate into criminal conduct when they leave the site of the grievance and become mobile .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora to the fringes of the crowd and use the protest as an excuse for rock throwing , auto trashing , arson , window breaking , looting , pocket picking and general hooliganism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the fringes of the crowd .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as an excuse for rock throwing .','This is as an excuse for auto trashing .','This is as an excuse for arson .','This is as an excuse for window breaking .','This is as an excuse for looting .','This is as an excuse for pocket picking .','This is as an excuse for general hooliganism .' ), 'Petty criminals and street people looking for excitement attach themselves like remora and use the protest .'))

Input: The protesters lie down in the street , blocking traffic , and will not move until the authorities carry them away .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The protesters lie down in the street .','The protesters are blocking traffic .' )SUB/CONDITION('The protesters will not move .','The authorities carry them away .'))

Input: The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor , but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The demonstration was non-violent .','The demonstration involved only a simple misdemeanor .' ), 'Its impact on that individual was violent and terminal .')

Input: The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The politician appearing is highly controversial .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid certain groups .','The politician appearing has recently generated a good deal of rancor .'))

Input: The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the advertisers .','The network must refund money .' ), 'The network loses considerable revenue and prestige .')

Input: It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non-violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of chickens coming home to roost .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it might be alleged .','TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non-violent civil disobedience .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of chickens .',', Chickens are coming home to roost .'))

Input: Or maybe the TV network would lose nothing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the enemy propagandists .','Those leaders in and out of government urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort .'))

Input: Worse , it remained to a well-meaning but naive president of the United States to administer the final infamy upon those who fought and died in Vietnam .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was worse .','It remained to a well-meaning but naive president of the United States .' ), 'This was to administer the final infamy upon those who fought and died in Vietnam .')

Input: Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: If you have not , it is probable that a thorough airing of the dispute by calm and rational debate would have been the better course .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You have not .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is probable .','A thorough airing of the dispute by calm and rational debate would have been the better course .'))

Input: Gov. George Deukmejian and key legislators agreed to back a temporary one-quarter-cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('George Deukmejian was Gov. .', CO/LIST('George Deukmejian agreed to back a temporary one-quarter-cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake .','Key legislators agreed to back a temporary one-quarter-cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake .'))

Input: Some legislators expressed concern that a gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some legislators expressed concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('A gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative .','Voters will consider next June .'))

Input: After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to improved results in its consumer businesses .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in North America , Brazil and Korea .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after a flat second quarter .','A flat second quarter was tied largely to lower newsprint earnings .' ), 'Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain .')))

Input: Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was particularly .','Those gains came from higher prices for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products .' ), 'This was what the company said .')

Input: The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges taken in the year-earlier period , including $ 11 million related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The quarter-to-quarter comparison was also enhanced by charges .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Charges were taken in the year-earlier period .','The year-earlier period was including $ 11 million .' ), '$ 11 million was related to the modernization of a pulp and newsprint mill in Alabama .'))

Input: In the 1989 period also , interest expense and tax rates were lower than a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1989 period .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Interest expense and tax rates were lower than a year ago .'))

Input: This is the year : Unsuspecting filers of 1988 personal returns are being picked randomly for thorough audits to help the IRS update its criteria for enforcement , audit selection , and use of resources .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This is the year .', SUB/PURPOSE('Unsuspecting filers of 1988 personal returns are being picked randomly for thorough audits .','This was to help the IRS update its criteria for enforcement , audit selection , and use of resources .'))

Input: The agents will make more than routine inquiries about such items as marital status and dependents ; they want to look at living standards and business assets .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is about such items .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as marital status and dependents .','The agents will make more than routine inquiries .' ), 'They want to look at living standards and business assets .'))

Input: Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Courts have ruled .','Taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone .','The fullscale rigors anyone was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 .'))

Input: Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers who come through TCMP audits without change .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is without change .','Filers come through TCMP audits .'))

Input: Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties and make them fairer and easier to administer are in the House tax bill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they were stripped from the Senate bill after staffers estimated penalty revenue would fall by $ 216 million over five years .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('But they were stripped from the Senate bill .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what staffers estimated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is over five years .','Penalty revenue would fall by $ 216 million .')))

Input: Sen. Pryor -LRB- D. , Ark. -RRB- , a leader on the issue who generally backs the House plan , wants some changes -- for one , separate sanctions for negligence and large misstatements of tax owed , not a single penalty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pryor was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was Ark. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Pryor -LRB- D. -RRB- , a leader on the issue , wants some changes -- for one , separate sanctions for negligence and large misstatements of tax , not a single penalty .','Tax was owed .' ), 'The issue generally backs the House plan .')))

Input: He would ease the proposed penalties for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for faulty Form 1099 and other reports that taxpayers correct voluntarily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for faulty Form 1099 .','This was for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for other reports .' ), 'He would ease the proposed penalties .' ), 'Taxpayers correct voluntarily .')

Input: The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights .', SUB/PURPOSE('Rights were spelling out IRS duties .','This was to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes .'))

Input: In 1989 , Illinois , Kansas , Ohio , Oregon and South Carolina have adopted rights laws , the Federation of Tax Administrators , a state officials ' group , reports ; the features vary .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Federation of Tax Administrators were rights laws .','In 1989 , Illinois , Kansas , Ohio , Oregon and South Carolina have adopted rights laws a state officials ' group , reports .' ), 'The features vary .')

Input: One group is the Committee on State Taxation , which comprises 330 multistate corporations and advises the Council of State Chambers of Commerce .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One group is the Committee on State Taxation .', CO/LIST(', State Taxation comprises 330 multistate corporations .',', State Taxation advises the Council of State Chambers of Commerce .'))

Input: The group 's Mark Cahoon says its efforts begun in 1989 have led to the introduction of bills in Massachusetts , Minnesota and Colorado to establish evenhanded procedures affecting all kinds of taxpayers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the group 's Mark Cahoon says .', SUB/PURPOSE('Its efforts begun in 1989 have led to the introduction of bills in Massachusetts , Minnesota and Colorado .','This was to establish evenhanded procedures affecting all kinds of taxpayers .'))

Input: Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: HE RODE HIS HOBBY , but he could n't milk it , the Tax Court says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('HE RODE HIS HOBBY .','He could n't milk it .' ), 'This is what the Tax Court says .')

Input: Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for four .',', Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - raised cattle .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on either .',', Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - made a profit .'))

Input: He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('He claimed losses .','He was totaling $ 42,455 .' ), 'The IRS denied them all .')

Input: Yet he took little businesslike care with his cattle : He had no prior experience and did n't seek business counsel about them .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with his cattle .','Yet he took little businesslike care .' )CO/LIST('He had no prior experience .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about them .','He did n't seek business counsel .')))

Input: The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the judge said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from horse breeding .','Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the cattle operation .','The judge rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions .')))

Input: An arbitrator awarded Eastern Airlines pilots between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy-law reorganization .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in back pay .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was between $ 60 million and $ 100 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('Eastern Airlines pilots were a decision .','An arbitrator awarded Eastern Airlines pilots .' ), 'A decision could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy-law reorganization .')))

Input: It 's unclear whether Eastern will succeed in overturning the arbitrator 's decision , made in a long-simmering pay parity dispute that predates both the carrier 's Chapter 11 petition and its 1986 acquisition by Texas Air .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It 's unclear .', SUB/ELABORATION('Eastern will succeed in overturning the arbitrator 's decision .', SUB/ELABORATION('The arbitrator 's decision was made in a long-simmering pay parity dispute .','A long-simmering pay parity dispute predates both the carrier 's Chapter 11 petition and its 1986 acquisition by Texas Air .')))

Input: The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a pay parity clause in the pilots ' contract .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Eastern has disputed the claim , but a federal district court , an appeals court and now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Eastern has disputed the claim .', CO/LIST('A federal district court have all sided with the pilots .','An appeals court have all sided with the pilots .','Now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots .'))

Input: Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots , resulting from a similar set of circumstances involving a separate pay raise granted another union .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern .','Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between its pilots .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots was resulting from a similar set of circumstances .','Another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots were involving a separate pay raise .' ), 'A separate pay raise was granted another union .'))

Input: The general public may not know his name , but he 's famous -- make that infamous -- in advertising circles : A marketing consultant , he pioneered slashing ad agency commissions , to the delight of advertising clients and the dismay of agencies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to the delight of advertising clients .','This was to the dismay of agencies .' ), 'The general public may not know his name , but he 's famous -- make that infamous -- in advertising circles : A marketing consultant , he pioneered slashing ad agency commissions .')

Input: Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide named Mr. Achenbaum , 62 , vice chairman of professional services , reporting directly to Carl Spielvogel , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Achenbaum was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Achenbaum was 62 .', CO/LIST('Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide named Achenbaum vice chairman of professional services .','Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide was reporting directly to Carl Spielvogel , chairman and chief executive officer .')))

Input: But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Achenbaum is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Backer Spielvogel is a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi .','But industry executives also believe hiring Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel .'))

Input: Mr. Achenbaum has counted among his clients some of the most visible blue-chip advertisers in the country , including Nissan , Toyota , Seagram and Backer Spielvogel clients Hyundai and J.P. Morgan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Achenbaum was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hyundai was Backer Spielvogel clients .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Nissan , Toyota , Seagram and Hyundai and J.P. Morgan .','Achenbaum has counted among his clients some of the most visible blue-chip advertisers in the country .')))

Input: Mr. Achenbaum , who had been considering paring down his firm or merging it with another small consulting outfit , soon agreed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Achenbaum was Mr. .','Achenbaum soon agreed .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Achenbaum was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with another small consulting outfit .','Achenbaum had been considering paring down his firm or merging it .')))

Input: He spent most of his career formulating marketing strategies , but became best-known for chipping away at ad agency compensation .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('He spent most of his career .','His career was formulating marketing strategies .' ), 'He became best-known for chipping away at ad agency compensation .')

Input: But Mr. Achenbaum pioneered negotiated fees , which often worked out to less than 15 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Achenbaum was Mr. .','But Achenbaum pioneered negotiated fees .' ), 'Negotiated fees often worked out to less than 15 % .')

Input: Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion , merchandising , publicity and other marketing outlets , and to integrate those services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Spielvogel was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Spielvogel said .', SUB/PURPOSE('Achenbaum will work with clients .','This is to determine the mix of promotion , merchandising , publicity and other marketing outlets , and to integrate those services .')))

Input: He will concentrate on , among others , J.P. Morgan and Hyundai .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is among others .','This is among J.P. Morgan .','This is among Hyundai .' ), 'He will concentrate on .')

Input: The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising , and going towards other services , Mr. Spielvogel said .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Spielvogel was Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Spielvogel was going towards other services .',', Spielvogel said .')))

Input: Our mission is to help our clients grow , and to use every tool of marketing communications to accomplish that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: During the takeover , Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP 's bid were successful , but he did n't .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Hahn was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hahn said during the takeover .', SUB/CONDITION('He would put his account up for review .','WPP 's bid were successful .' ), 'He did n't .')))

Input: The campaign replaces its Take Comfort in Cotton ads and marks the end of its national cooperative advertising efforts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in Cotton ads .','The campaign replaces its Take Comfort .' ), 'The campaign marks the end of its national cooperative advertising efforts .')

Input: With the new TV spots , Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style with lots of laughter , hugs and tears .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with lots of laughter , hugs and tears .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the new TV spots .','Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style .'))

Input: Prime Minister Lee Kuan Yew , Singapore 's leader and one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years , recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee Kuan Yew was Prime Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Lee Kuan Yew was Singapore 's leader .','Lee Kuan Yew was one of Asia 's leading statesmen for 30 years .' ), 'Lee Kuan Yew recently announced his intention to retire next year -- though not necessarily to end his influence .'))

Input: The 66-year-old Mr. Lee recently spent an hour discussing the state of Asia and the world with two Journal reporters in his plainly furnished , wood-paneled office .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee was The 66-year-old Mr. .', CO/LIST('Lee recently spent an hour .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in his plainly furnished , wood-paneled office .', CO/LIST('Lee recently was discussing the state of Asia .','Lee recently was discussing the world with two Journal reporters .'))))

Input: That 's very sad for China and for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for Japan , Korea and the rest of Asia .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('That 's very sad for China and for Asia .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for Japan .','This was not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for Korea .','This was not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for the rest of Asia .' ), ', China could have been a good engine for growth .'))

Input: On similarities between China and the Soviet Union : In important particulars , the Soviets are different from the Chinese .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked about the possibility of greater economic cooperation among Asia-Pacific nations , which will be discussed Nov. 6 and 7 at a ministerial meeting in Canberra , Mr. Lee said the goal is to have a free and open world trading system .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Lee was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Lee was asked about the possibility of greater economic cooperation among Asia-Pacific nations .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lee said .','The goal is to have a free and open world trading system .' ), 'Asia-Pacific nations will be discussed Nov. 6 and 7 at a ministerial meeting in Canberra .')))

Input: I think the earlier strident notes struck by -LCB- U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert -RCB- Mosbacher and -LCB- U.S. Trade Representative -RCB- Carla Hills have been more rounded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert was U.S. Commerce Secretary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','The earlier strident notes struck by -LCB- Robert -RCB- Mosbacher and -LCB- U.S. Trade Representative -RCB- Carla Hills have been more rounded .'))

Input: I believe the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i believe .','The U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: The total relationship , as Mr. Lee sees it , is the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits , the investments the Japanese are making in the U.S. in order to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The deficits were the investments .', SUB/PURPOSE('The Japanese are making in the U.S. .','This was to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital the investments .' ), 'The total relationship , as Lee sees it , is the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits .')))

Input: On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was on U.S. .', CO/LIST('Military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists or in Southeast Asia .','Military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia .'))

Input: We think it is n't such a great burden , that it carries no stigma , and we are prepared to do it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we think .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is n't such a great burden .','It carries no stigma .' ), 'We are prepared to do it .'))

Input: I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I really do not understand .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It is .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure .','They want to dispose of .' ), 'Yet they need .')))

Input: But the Filipinos and the Americans , when I talk to them , there 's so much passion about Filipino manhood being diminished as a result of being squatted upon by the Americans and so on .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I talk to them .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is there .', CO/LIST('But the Filipinos 's so much passion about Filipino manhood .','But the Americans 's so much passion about Filipino manhood .' ), 'Filipino manhood was being diminished as a result of being squatted upon by the Americans and so on .')))

Input: The occasional Englishman tries to put on airs but we let it pass ... .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The occasional Englishman tries to put on airs ... .', SUB/ELABORATION('We let ... .','It pass .'))

Input: Mr. Lee added that the Filipinos are making it very difficult for the U.S. military presence to last beyond five or 10 years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lee added .','The Filipinos are making it very difficult for the U.S. military presence to last beyond five or 10 years .'))

Input: I suppose sooner or later , the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side .
Prediction: NONE

Input: On Cambodia : Let 's assume that -LCB- former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom -RCB- Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with -LCB- Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader -RCB- Hun Sen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Prince is former Cambodian leader .','Norodom is Prince .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is on Cambodia .',': Let 's assume that -LCB- Norodom -RCB- Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with -LCB- Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader -RCB- Hun Sen .'))

Input: And when they lose , then we can expect China to stop aid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They lose .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is then .','And we can expect China to stop aid .'))

Input: The Chinese can not be seen to have made use of the Khmer Rouge and then discard them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Walter Levy was neurosurgeon .', SUB/ELABORATION('Everything looked good .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1978 .', CO/LIST('Walter Levy carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic .',', Colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic .'))))

Input: Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Levy is Dr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Magnetic brain probe is a device .', SUB/ELABORATION('Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe .', CO/LIST('He are studying with great hope .','Dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope .'))))

Input: Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery , the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The probe is holding the promise of safer spinal surgery .', CO/LIST('The probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes .','The probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as multiple sclerosis .'))

Input: The probe , which is painless , non-invasive and apparently harmless , employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('The probe employs strong magnetic fields .','This is to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is non-invasive .','The probe is painless and apparently harmless .'))

Input: If positioned over the brain 's motor-control area , the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses that zip down motor nerves and activate muscles , making , say , a finger twitch .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('If positioned over the brain 's motor-control area , the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses .', CO/LIST('Nerve impulses zip down motor nerves .','Nerve impulses activate muscles .' ), 'If positioned over the brain 's motor-control area , the hand-held electromagnets are making , say , a finger twitch .'))

Input: In the 1960s , Mayo Clinic researchers developed magnetic devices to stimulate motor nerves in the hand and other limbs .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1960s .','Mayo Clinic researchers developed magnetic devices .' ), 'This was to stimulate motor nerves in the hand and other limbs .')

Input: Since then , at least two commercial versions have been put on the U.S. market , and an estimated 500 have been sold .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','At least two commercial versions have been put on the U.S. market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','An estimated 500 have been sold .'))

Input: We do n't feel we can use -LCB- the devices -RCB- routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And some doctors report temporary headaches .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on themselves .',', Some doctors have conducted hours of tests .'))

Input: The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators but are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand , legs and other non-brain areas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as brain stimulators .','The machines have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing .' )CO/LIST('The machines are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand .','The machines are sold for stimulating nerves in legs .','The machines are sold for stimulating nerves in other non-brain areas .' ), 'The machines at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards .'))

Input: Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Among other things , the stronger devices may be able to summon forth half-forgotten memories and induce mood changes , neurologists say .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other things .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The stronger devices may be able to summon forth half-forgotten memories and induce mood changes .','This is what neurologists say .'))

Input: Du Pont Co. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Los Alamos National Laboratory said they signed a three-year , $ 11 million agreement to collaborate on superconductor research .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Du Pont Co. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Los Alamos National Laboratory said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was $ 11 million .', SUB/PURPOSE('They signed a three-year agreement .','This was to collaborate on superconductor research .')))

Input: The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high-temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers .','The collaboration will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high-temperature superconductors for use in electronics .' ), 'This was what the companies said .')

Input: Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Joint-research programs have proliferated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was especially .','U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia in Japan .'))

Input: Still , 20 Japanese companies , including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. , Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the state of Northern Baja California .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. was Japanese companies .','20 Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop .'))))

Input: Mexico , with its desperate need for investment , and Japan , with its huge budget surplus , would seem like a perfect match .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is with its desperate need for investment .','This is with its desperate need for Japan , with its huge budget surplus .' ), 'Mexico would seem like a perfect match .')

Input: Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Salinas 's unpopular Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , faces congressional elections in 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Salinas is Mr. .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Salinas 's unpopular Institutional Revolutionary Party faces congressional elections in 1991 .','PRI , faces congressional elections in 1991 .'))

Input: For the PRI to stand a chance , Mr. Salinas has to press on with an economic program that so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Salinas was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This is for the PRI .','This is to stand a chance .' ), ', Salinas has to press on with an economic program .' ), 'An economic program so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth .'))

Input: But maintaining the key components of his strategy -- a stable exchange rate and high level of imports -- will consume enormous amounts of foreign exchange .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mexico is sending a number of missions to Japan looking for a major breakthrough investment in telecommunications , petrochemicals or tourism .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Japan .','Mexico is sending a number of missions .' ), 'Mexico is looking for a major breakthrough investment in telecommunications , petrochemicals or tourism .')

Input: But Japanese investors say that their reluctance to invest stems not only from concerns about Mexico 's economic outlook , but also reservations about Mexico 's recently revamped investment law .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what japanese investors say .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from concerns about Mexico 's economic outlook , but also reservations about Mexico 's recently revamped investment law .','Their reluctance to invest stems not only .'))

Input: He could develop the beach through a trust , but instead is trying have his grandson become a naturalized Mexican so his family gains direct control .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is through a trust .','He could develop the beach .' ), 'He instead is trying have his grandson become a naturalized Mexican so his family gains direct control .')

Input: We must do more to help the Japanese here in Baja if we want them to invest elsewhere , says Mr. Ruffo , the governor-elect of the National Action Party and himself a succesful businessman .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Ruffo is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Ruffo frets .','An even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some politicians oppose .','What they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door .')))

Input: Shaken by tumbling stock prices and pessimistic projections of U.S. economic growth , currency analysts around the world have toned down their assessments of the dollar 's near-term performance .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', Currency analysts around the world were shaken by tumbling stock prices .',', Currency analysts around the world were shaken by pessimistic projections of U.S. economic growth .' ), ', Currency analysts around the world have toned down their assessments of the dollar 's near-term performance .')

Input: In late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('New York was late afternoon .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 1.8340 marks late Monday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 141.90 yen late Monday .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in New York trading .','Yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , and at 142.85 yen .'))))

Input: A month ago , a similar survey predicted the dollar would be trading at 1.8690 marks and 139.75 yen by the end of October .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a month ago .','A similar survey predicted .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the end of October .', CO/LIST('The dollar would be trading at 1.8690 marks .','The dollar would be trading at 139.75 yen .')))

Input: In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency was trading at about 142.95 yen at midmorning , up from 142.80 yen at the opening and up from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.15 yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 142.80 yen at the opening and up from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.15 yen .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Tokyo .','Wednesday , the U.S. currency was trading at about 142.95 yen at midmorning .'))

Input: The average of estimates of the 10 economists polled puts the dollar around 1.8200 marks at the end of November and at 141.33 yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is around 1.8200 marks at the end of November and at 141.33 yen .', SUB/ELABORATION('The average of estimates of the 10 economists puts the dollar .','The 10 economists are polled .'))

Input: Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks .','Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 145 yen .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is around 1.7600 marks .','This is around 138 yen .' ), 'The dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading .'))

Input: David Owen , an economist at Kleinwort Benson & Co. in London , said he expects further cuts in short-term U.S. rates in an effort to encourage a narrowing of the trade gap and to ensure a soft landing in the U.S. economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Owen was an economist at Kleinwort Benson & Co. in London .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what David Owen said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in an effort to encourage a narrowing of the trade gap and to ensure a soft landing in the U.S. economy .','He expects further cuts in short-term U.S. rates .')))

Input: Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Fed funds is the rate .','Banks charge each other the rate on overnight loans .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','The Fed influences the rate .' ), 'The Fed is adding or draining reserves from the banking system .'))

Input: In last month 's survey , a number of currency analysts predicted the dollar would be pressured by a narrowing of interest rate differentials between the U.S. and West Germany .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in last month 's survey .','A number of currency analysts predicted .' ), 'The dollar would be pressured by a narrowing of interest rate differentials between the U.S. and West Germany .')

Input: Indeed , in early October the West German central bank raised its discount and Lombard rates by a full percentage point .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a full percentage point .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was indeed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in early October .','The West German central bank raised its discount and Lombard rates .')))

Input: And a week later , Japan raised its official discount rate by a half point to 3.75 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a half point .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 3.75 % .','And a week later , Japan raised its official discount rate .'))

Input: After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was after a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 .','The Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from around 9 % to 83\/4 % .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was after a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 .','The Federal Reserve was knocking fed funds .')))

Input: But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven -LRB- G-7 -RRB- major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's plunge and subsequent price volatility , lower U.S. interest rates and signs of a slowing U.S. economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven -LRB- G-7 -RRB- major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray .', CO/LIST('The market drove the dollar downward on its own .', CO/LIST('The market was reacting to Wall Street 's plunge and subsequent price volatility .','The market was reacting to lower U.S. interest rates .','The market was reacting to signs of a slowing U.S. economy .')))

Input: Tomoshige Kakita , senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo , suggested that uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tomoshige Kakita was senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tomoshige Kakita suggested .','Uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand .'))

Input: But , Mr. Kakita added , once U.S. equities regain some stability , players will move back into dollar-denominated investments , especially Treasury bonds , whose value rises when interest rates decline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Kakita is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. equities regain some stability .','But , Kakita added , players will move back into dollar-denominated investments , especially Treasury bonds .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Especially Treasury bonds 's value rises .','Interest rates decline .')))

Input: He contended that the Fed wo n't ease rates further , but predicted Bundesbank officials will relax key rates in West Germany .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('He contended .','The Fed wo n't ease rates further .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He predicted .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in West Germany .','Bundesbank officials will relax key rates .')))

Input: But I 'm not one of these great dollar bears you see more of these days , Mr. Zapfel said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zapfel was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('But I 'm not one of these great dollar .','Bears you see more of these days these great dollar .' ), 'This was what Zapfel said .'))

Input: He predicted the U.S. unit will skid below 1.80 marks to around 1.78 marks this month and 1.75 marks by the beginning of the new year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He predicted .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to around 1.78 marks this month .','This is to 1.75 marks by the beginning of the new year .' ), 'The U.S. unit will skid below 1.80 marks .'))

Input: In the wake of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's surprise resignation and sterling 's subsequent nose-dive , most analysts had little good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nigel Lawson was the wake of British Chancellor of the Exchequer .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in Nigel Lawson 's surprise resignation .','This was in sterling 's subsequent nose-dive .' ), 'Most analysts had little good .' ), 'This was to say about the pound 's near-term prospects .'))

Input: But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community because it tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt into rival financial centers , especially London , where trading transactions is n't taxed .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/CAUSE('The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is into rival financial centers , especially London .','It tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt .' ), 'Trading transactions is n't taxed .'))

Input: The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center-right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The new date means .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the end of 1990 .','The tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term .' )SUB/CONDITION('The new date guarantees its abolition .','The current center-right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 .')))

Input: The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone agrees will be priced out of a job at the $ 4.25 rate Congress is likely to approve today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress was rate .', SUB/ELABORATION('The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone .', SUB/ELABORATION('Agrees will be priced out of a job at the $ 4.25 .',', Congress is likely to approve today the 200,000 or so workers everyone the $ 4.25 .')))

Input: Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently , but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chemical said .',', Steven Edelson resigned recently .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one individual close to the situation said .','The resignation was forced .'))

Input: -- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to assume Mr. Edelson 's duties and to be trading manager for derivative products , including swaps and interest-rate options .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edelson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('James Kennedy was a trader in swaps contracts for the bank .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including swaps .','This was including interest-rate options .' ), '-- Chemical named James Kennedy to assume Edelson 's duties and to be trading manager for derivative products .')))

Input: While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated , some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some observers say .','They echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million .'))

Input: Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some competitors maintain .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in particular .','The interestrate option loss may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem .'))

Input: When Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year , he acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business : Pinkerton 's Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year .','He acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business .' ), 'Pinkerton 's Inc .')

Input: But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen 's company claims were three .','But there were supposed to be three .'))

Input: The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen was the problems Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The missing watch is emblematic of Wathen .','Wathen was encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions .'))

Input: He joined the firm in 1963 and bought it from the owners the next year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1963 .','He joined the firm .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the owners .','He bought it the next year .'))

Input: So when American Brands Inc. decided to sell the unit in 1987 as part of a divestiture of its food and security industries operations , Mr. Wathen saw a chance to accomplish several objectives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of a divestiture of its food and security industries operations .','American Brands Inc. decided to sell the unit in 1987 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was so .','Wathen saw a chance to accomplish several objectives .')))

Input: He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm .','He could eliminate a competitor .', SUB/ELABORATION('He could get the name recognition .','He 'd wanted the name recognition .'))

Input: Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen was Mr. .','Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the security business .','Himself 'd spent his whole career .'))

Input: But there were hitches , not the least of which was that , Mr. Wathen says , he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition , which was completed in January 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But there were hitches .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen was Mr. .','But the least of which was that , Wathen says , he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition .' ), 'The $ 95 million acquisition was completed in January 1988 .'))

Input: He says his team could n't tell whether accounts receivable had been paid or not .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('His team could n't tell .','Accounts receivable had been paid .'))

Input: One office had 19 people doing the work of three , and half of the employees had company automobiles .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('One office had 19 people .','19 people were doing the work of three .' ), 'Half of the employees had company automobiles .')

Input: Even after divesting itself of $ 120 million of unprofitable business , the new Pinkerton 's will have sales of about $ 610 million this year and operating profit roughly double the industry average of 2%-3 % of sales , says Lloyd Greif of Sutro & Co. in Los Angeles , which arranged the Pinkerton 's acquisition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of $ 120 million of unprofitable business .','The new Pinkerton 's is divesting itself .' ), 'The new Pinkerton 's will have sales of about $ 610 million this year and operating profit roughly double the industry average of 2 % -3 % of sales , says Lloyd Greif of Sutro & Co. in Los Angeles .' ), 'Los Angeles arranged the Pinkerton 's acquisition .')

Input: But Mr. Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt from the acquisition within the next four years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the acquisition within the next four years .','But Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt .'))

Input: This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wathen is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Wathen says .','The firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit .'))

Input: And then there 's the case of the missing gold watch .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more glamorous of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('Investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue .','That side of the business has traditionally been the more glamorous of the two .' )CO/CONTRAST('Investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue .','It carries historical and sentimental value .'))

Input: Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 for each hundred pounds , up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 , the department said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each hundred pounds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 50 cents from September and up $ 1.50 from October 1988 .','Milk sold to the nation 's dairy plants and dealers averaged $ 14.50 .' ), 'This was what the department said .'))

Input: Commercial vegetables , led by lettuce and tomatoes , rose 19 % in October ; oranges and other fruits rose 5 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in October .',', Commercial vegetables rose 19 % .' ), ', Commercial vegetables were led by lettuce and tomatoes .' )CO/LIST('Oranges rose 5 % .','Other fruits rose 5 % .'))

Input: Paramount Communications Inc. , New York , completed the sale of its Associates Corp. consumer and commercial finance subsidiary to a unit of Ford Motor Co. for $ 3.35 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paramount Communications Inc. were New York .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a unit of Ford Motor Co. for $ 3.35 billion .', CO/LIST('Paramount Communications Inc. completed the sale of its Associates Corp. consumer .','Paramount Communications Inc. completed the sale of commercial finance subsidiary .')))

Input: Paramount said the sale completes the strategic restructuring it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Paramount said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The sale completes the strategic restructuring .', CO/LIST('It began in 1983 .','It would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses the strategic restructuring .')))

Input: Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said it will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said .', CO/LIST('It will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets .', SUB/PURPOSE('It will use some of the proceeds .','This is to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece .')))

Input: Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is together with the 3.6 million shares .','The completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake .' ), 'The 3.6 million shares are controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors .')

Input: Describing itself as asset rich , Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as asset rich .',', Sea Containers was describing itself .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sea Containers said .', CO/LIST('It will move immediately to sell two ports .','It will move immediately to sell various ferries .','It will move immediately to sell ferry services .','It will move immediately to sell containers .','It will move immediately to sell other investments .')))

Input: In late May , Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC , launched a $ 50-a-share , or $ 777 million , tender offer for the Hamilton , Bermuda-based Sea Containers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in late May .', CO/LIST(', Stena Holding AG launched a $ 50-a-share , or $ 777 million , tender offer for the Hamilton , Bermuda-based Sea Containers .','Tiphook PLC , launched a $ 50-a-share , or $ 777 million , tender offer for the Hamilton , Bermuda-based Sea Containers .'))

Input: The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','Its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the offer .','The company wo n't tender any of their shares .'))

Input: The company said the court has indicated it will make a decision on or about Nov. 27 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the court has indicated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on or about .','It will make a decision Nov. 27 .')))

Input: You 'd think all the stories about well-heeled communities and developers getting HUD grants would prompt Congress to tighten up on upscale housing subsidies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is about well-heeled communities and developers .','You 'd think all the stories .' )SUB/ELABORATION('You is getting .','HUD grants would prompt Congress to tighten up on upscale housing subsidies .'))

Input: But the higher mortgage ceiling is only the starter kit for what Senator Alan Cranston and Majority Leader George Mitchell have in mind for housing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Cranston is Senator .', SUB/ELABORATION('George Mitchell is Majority Leader .','But the higher mortgage ceiling is only the starter kit for what Alan Cranston and George Mitchell have in mind for housing .'))

Input: A group of 27 Senators has written Mr. Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs that empower the poor rather than create vast new government obligations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kemp was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('A group of 27 Senators has written Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs rather than create vast new government obligations .','Programs empower the poor .'))

Input: But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kemp is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('He agrees .','But , Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law .' ), ', Congress does .'))

Input: And the majority of Members cynically view the current discrediting of HUD as mainly a chance to shove through their own slate of projects .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This week , a Baltimore Sun editorial said the Lantos subcommittee on HUD should forget about Sam Pierce 's testimony for the moment and call some other witnesses : the various congressional sponsors of the 40 pork-barrel projects .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Baltimore Sun editorial said .', CO/LIST('The Lantos subcommittee on HUD should forget about Sam Pierce 's testimony for the moment .','The Lantos subcommittee on HUD should call some other witnesses : the various congressional sponsors of the 40 pork-barrel projects .'))

Input: The Sun concluded that Mr. Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part that 's gone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pierce was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Sun concluded .', SUB/ELABORATION('Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part .','A part 's gone .')))

Input: Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and its business in toiletries and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Anglo American Corp. is a South African company .','Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. are an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the plan .', CO/LIST('Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and its business in toiletries .','Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. .')))

Input: A final agreement has not been signed , and the moves will not have a material effect on the company , Gillette said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('A final agreement has not been signed .','The moves will not have a material effect on the company .' ), 'This was what Gillette said .')

Input: Gillette said its continued presence in South Africa enables it to make meaningful contributions to South African society , to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gillette said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to South African society .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates .','Its continued presence in South Africa enables it to make meaningful contributions .')))

Input: About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/DISJUNCTION('About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette .','About 60 % of the work force will transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals .' ), 'This was what the company said .')

Input: The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mikhail S. Gorbachev was Soviet President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was but .','They had made a good start .' ), 'The most difficult work was still ahead .')))

Input: The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 693.4 billion -RRB- and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 790.2 billion -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Tass news agency said .', CO/LIST('The 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 693.4 billion -RRB- .','The 1990 budget anticipates expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 790.2 billion -RRB- .'))

Input: Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 114.3 billion -RRB- from 77.3 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 125 billion -RRB- as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the defense budget this year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 70.9 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 114.3 billion -RRB- .','Officials proposed a cut from 77.3 billion rubles -LRB- US$ 125 billion -RRB- as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment .'))

Input: Tass said the final budget and economic plan calls for a sharp increase in the production of consumer goods .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a sharp increase .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the production of consumer goods .', CO/LIST('Tass said the final budget .','Tass said economic plan calls .')))

Input: But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to my frustration and fury .','But often nothing 's resolved .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with pros and cons in limbo .','I feel like a hung jury .'))

Input: Ocean Drilling & Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business , and took a $ 50.9 million loss from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ocean Drilling & Exploration Co. will sell its contract-drilling business .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from discontinued operations in the third quarter because of the planned sale .','Ocean Drilling & Exploration Co. took a $ 50.9 million loss .'))

Input: The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the restructuring .','It does n't expect any further adverse financial impact .'))

Input: Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could lead some of us who today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance , Arthur Puccini , a General Electric Co. vice president , warned earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arthur Puccini was a General Electric Co. vice president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could lead some of us .',', Some of us today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance .' ), 'This was what Arthur Puccini warned earlier this year .'))

Input: By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('GNP is a nation 's total output of goods and services .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by contrast .','Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP .'))

Input: Management and labor worry that the gap makes U.S. companies less competitive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Management worry .','Labor worry .' ), 'The gap makes U.S. companies less competitive .')

Input: The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength , complains Walter Maher , a Chrysler health-and-benefits specialist .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Labor is upset .', SUB/PURPOSE('Many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments .','This is to deflect surging medical costs to workers .'))

Input: In their new contract this year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for prompt and lasting national solutions to rising health-care costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to rising health-care costs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in their new contract .', CO/LIST('This year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. agreed to look for prompt and lasting national solutions .','This year , the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for prompt and lasting national solutions .')))

Input: They hope they can buy some government cost discipline , but this is a false hope , Mr. Schramm says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schramm is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they hope .','They can buy some government cost discipline .' ), 'This is a false hope .' ), 'This is what Schramm says .'))

Input: Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the elderly .','1988 boosted benefits .' ), '1988 taxed them to pay for the new coverage .'))

Input: A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by Sen. John Rockefeller -LRB- D. , W.Va . -RRB- is scheduled to present new plans for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Rockefeller was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was W.Va .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1 .','A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by John Rockefeller -LRB- D. -RRB- is scheduled to present new plans .')))

Input: A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly , Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Louis Sullivan is Human Services Secretary .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is at the economics of Medicare for the elderly .','This is at the economics of Medicaid for the poor .','This is at the economics of the health system in general .' ), 'A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look .'))

Input: But 1991 could be a window for action .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Any major attempt to revamp the health-care system is likely to trigger opposition from politically powerful interest groups , particularly the American Medical Association , and perhaps from the public as well , if Congress takes steps that patients fear will limit the availability of care .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Any major attempt to revamp the health-care system is likely to trigger opposition from politically powerful interest groups , particularly the American Medical Association , and perhaps from the public as well .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress takes steps .','Patients fear will limit the availability of care .'))

Input: Advocates hope that such standards will improve treatment while limiting unnecessary tests and medical procedures .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what advocates hope .', CO/CONTRAST(', Such standards will improve treatment while .',', Such standards are limiting unnecessary tests and medical procedures .'))

Input: HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sullivan was HHS Secretary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Sullivan estimates .', SUB/ELABORATION('As much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed .','Each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary .')))

Input: This will require us to define -- and redefine -- what is necessary or appropriate care .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , it 's toying with an approach that would impose health-expenditure ceilings or budgets on the government as a whole and on individual states as a way to slow health-care spending .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','It 's toying with an approach and on individual states as a way .' ), 'This is to slow health-care spending .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the government as a whole .','An approach would impose health-expenditure ceilings or budgets .'))

Input: Stelco said it has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford and proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 20.9 million -RRB- on the facility .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Stelco said .', CO/LIST('It has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the facility .','It proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 20.9 million -RRB- .')))

Input: Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with about $ 100 million in assets .','Deseret is the parent of the Deseret Bank .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Pleasant Grove is Utah .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is at Pleasant Grove .','The Deseret Bank has six offices and headquarters .')))

Input: William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58-a-share bid as uninvited and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer in due course .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William R. Laidig was Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president .', CO/LIST('William R. Laidig characterized the $ 58-a-share bid as uninvited .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what William R. Laidig said .','Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer in due course .')))

Input: T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('T. Marshall Hahn Jr. was Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what T. Marshall Hahn Jr. said in an interview .','All terms of the offer are negotiable .'))

Input: For the paper industry specifically , most analysts said the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp. , Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what most analysts said for the paper industry .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as Union Camp Corp. .','This is as Federal Paperboard Co. .','This is as Mead Corp .' ), 'The deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies .'))

Input: The analysts argued that Georgia-Pacific 's offer , the first hostile bid ever among major players in the paper industry , ends the unwritten taboo on hostile bids , and will push managements to look closely at the industry 's several attractive takeover candidates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was ever among major players in the paper industry .','Georgia-Pacific 's offer was the first hostile bid .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the analysts argued .', CO/LIST('Georgia-Pacific 's offer ends the unwritten taboo on hostile bids .','Georgia-Pacific 's offer will push managements to look closely at the industry 's several attractive takeover candidates .')))

Input: But such a combination also presents great risks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Moreover , any unexpected strengthening of the dollar would hurt Georgia-Pacific because two of Nekoosa 's major product lines -- containerboard , which is used to make shipping boxes , and market pulp -- are exported in large quantities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is moreover .','Any unexpected strengthening of the dollar would hurt Georgia-Pacific .' ), 'Two of Nekoosa 's major product lines -- containerboard and market pulp -- are exported in large quantities .' ), ', Containerboard is used to make shipping boxes .')

Input: But he said that even under those conditions , the company still would realize a savings of tens of millions of dollars in the first year following a merger .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the first year following a merger .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under those conditions .','The company still would realize a savings of tens of millions of dollars .')))

Input: Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares .', SUB/PURPOSE('Georgia-Pacific would need federal antitrust clearance .','This is to buy more than $ 15 million worth .'))

Input: In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the usual array of defenses .','This was in addition .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including a so-called poison pill .','This was including a staggered board .' ), 'Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years .'))

Input: Georgia-Pacific has filed a lawsuit in federal court in Maine challenging the poison pill and the Maine merger law .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in federal court in Maine .', CO/LIST('Georgia-Pacific has filed a lawsuit challenging the poison pill .','Georgia-Pacific has filed a lawsuit challenging the Maine merger law .'))

Input: Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it .', CO/LIST('Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days .','Georgia-Pacific would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law .'))

Input: International Paper and Weyerhaeuser declined to comment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Canadian Pacific could n't be reached for comment , and MacMillan Bloedel said it has n't any plans to make a bid for Nekoosa .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Canadian Pacific could n't be reached for comment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MacMillan Bloedel said .','It has n't any plans to make a bid for Nekoosa .'))

Input: But many analysts believe that , given the attractiveness of paper companies ' cash flows , as well as the frantic consolidation of the paper industry in Europe , there will be at least a few more big hostile bids for U.S. companies within the next several months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many analysts believe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is within the next several months .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Europe .','This is given the attractiveness of paper companies ' cash flows , as well as the frantic consolidation of the paper industry .' ), 'There will be at least a few more big hostile bids for U.S. companies .')))

Input: The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Moreover , it 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant than to build one .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is moreover .','It 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant .' ), 'This is to build one .')

Input: Since the most-recent wave of friendly takeovers was completed in the U.S. in 1986 , there have been more than 100 mergers and acquisitions within the European paper industry , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1986 .','The most-recent wave of friendly takeovers was completed in the U.S. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the European paper industry .','There have been more than 100 mergers and acquisitions .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Lyphomed Inc. , Rosemont , Ill. , and Medco Research Inc. , Los Angeles , said the Food and Drug Administration granted full marketing approval for a new drug for the treatment of a condition in which the heart beats between 150 and 200 beats a minute .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lyphomed Inc. was Rosemont .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lyphomed Inc. . Ill. , and Medco Research Inc. , Los Angeles , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a new drug .','The Food and Drug Administration granted full marketing approval for the treatment of a condition in which the heart beats between 150 and 200 beats a minute .')))

Input: Medco Research developed the drug and licensed it to Lyphomed for sale in the U.S. and Canada .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Medco Research developed the drug .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Lyphomed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for sale .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. and Canada .','Medco Research licensed it .'))))

Input: One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One would have thought .', SUB/ELABORATION('This would have happened two or three years ago .','The labor market tightened .'))

Input: It is a considerably delayed reaction and it 's not a severe one at all , she added .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the 12 months ended in September , wages and salaries of private-sector workers rose 4.4 % , while health insurance costs spurted by 13.7 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 12 months .','The 12 months were ended in September .' ), 'Wages and salaries of private-sector workers rose 4.4 % .' ), 'Health insurance costs spurted by 13.7 % .')

Input: The overall private-sector employment cost index , which includes both wages and benefits , rose 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.5 % for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 12 months .','The 12 months were ended in September .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with 4.5 % for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988 .','The overall private-sector employment cost index rose 4.7 % .' ), 'The overall private-sector employment cost index includes both wages and benefits .'))

Input: In the third quarter , wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % , compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 .','Wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % .'))

Input: For private-sector union workers , the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % in the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for private-sector union workers .','The cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % .'))

Input: Including employees of state and local -- but not the federal -- governments , the employment cost index rose 1.6 % in the third quarter , compared with a 1.3 % rise in the same quarter in 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including employees of state and local -- but not the federal -- governments .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with a 1.3 % rise in the same quarter in 1988 .','The employment cost index rose 1.6 % .')))

Input: Under the plan , DeSoto said it will sell certain assets and businesses that do n't meet strategic and profitability objectives .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what DeSoto said under the plan .', SUB/ELABORATION('It will sell certain assets and businesses .',', Certain assets and businesses do n't meet strategic and profitability objectives .'))

Input: The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern said .', CO/LIST('It plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses .','It plans to sell its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant .' ), 'The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern has about 2,000 employees world-wide .'))

Input: StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what StatesWest said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It may purchase more Mesa stock .','It may make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders .' ), ', StatesWest has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa .'))

Input: StatesWest serves 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some traders point out that as the big brokerage firms back out of program trading for their own accounts or for clients , opportunities increase for others to engage in the controversial practice .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some traders point out .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is .','The big brokerage firms back out of program trading for their own accounts or for clients .' ), 'Opportunities increase for others .' ), 'This is to engage in the controversial practice .'))

Input: If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector .', CO/CONTRAST('It could further depress bond prices while .', CO/LIST('It is bolstering stock prices .','It is bolstering the dollar .')))

Input: Although the Treasury is expected to announce details of its November quarterly refunding operation today , the Nov. 79 schedule could be delayed unless Congress and the president act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Treasury is expected to announce details of its November quarterly refunding operation today .', SUB/CONDITION('The Nov. 79 schedule could be delayed .', CO/LIST(', Congress act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling .','The president act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling .')))

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than a quarter of a point , or less than $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 of face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 of face amount .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than a quarter of a point .','The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than $ 2.50 .'))

Input: QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one-eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('QVC was one-eighth .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares .', CO/LIST('QVC agreed to pay $ 19 .','QVC agreed to pay QVC share .')))

Input: Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast-growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among them .','Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast-growing market .' ), 'That young and fast-growing market last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion .')

Input: The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Los Angeles thrift holding company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the quarter .','The quarter was ended Sept. 30 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It had a loss of $ 92.2 million .','It had a loss of $ 6.98 a share .')))

Input: Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Coast earned $ 10.2 million .',', Coast earned 67 cents a share .'))

Input: It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the books .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for $ 52 million in convertible bonds .','It includes removing $ 242 million in good will , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer .'))

Input: The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The campaign is a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights .','The campaign does n't mention cigarettes or smoking .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was since 1971 .',', Cigarette ads have been prohibited on television .'))

Input: But even before it begins , the campaign is drawing fire from anti-smoking advocates , who criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document that is a cornerstone of American democracy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('It begins .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from anti-smoking advocates .','But , the campaign is drawing fire .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Anti-smoking advocates criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document .','The document is a cornerstone of American democracy .')))

Input: The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell-O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company 's research suggests .', CO/CONTRAST('Its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low .','Its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell-O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves .'))

Input: The initial spots will appear during morning and prime-time news shows .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Until now , its corporate ads , mainly promoting its sponsorship of the arts , have appeared almost exclusively in newspapers and magazines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was until now .','Its corporate ads have appeared almost exclusively in newspapers and magazines .' ), 'Its corporate ads were mainly promoting its sponsorship of the arts .')

Input: Mr. Smith says the Bill of Rights commercial , which trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression , is n't designed to have any special appeal for smokers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Smith says .','The Bill of Rights commercial is n't designed to have any special appeal for smokers .' ), 'The Bill of Rights commercial trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression .'))

Input: Although Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers with free-choice arguments , this has nothing to do with cigarettes , nor will it ever , the spokesman says .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with free-choice arguments .','Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers .' ), 'This has nothing to do with cigarettes .' )CO/LIST('The spokesman is will it ever .','The spokesman says .'))

Input: I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in fact it 's a killer , says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These include trying to protect its print advertising by invoking the First Amendment , and wooing blacks by portraying itself as a protector of civil rights .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by invoking the First Amendment .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by portraying itself as a protector of civil rights .','These include trying to protect its print advertising , and wooing blacks .'))

Input: Many marketers say Philip Morris 's approach will be effective , but they agree that the ads ' implied smoking message is unmistakable .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many marketers say .','Philip Morris 's approach will be effective .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they agree .','The ads ' implied smoking message is unmistakable .'))

Input: If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('You can do that .','You can at the same time send a message .' ), 'That 's brilliant .' ), 'A message supports your business .')

Input: The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 455.63 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 .','The Nasdaq Composite Index about 0.94 % .'))

Input: Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 7.55 to 475.35 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 8.68 to 730.37 .', CO/LIST('Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index .','Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Utility Index .')))

Input: Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell-off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell-off .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what traders say .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's natural .', SUB/ELABORATION('They rebound sharply .','The market has turned around .'))))

Input: But , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts .','The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by disappointing earnings .' )CO/LIST('The industry matures .','The industry slows .'))

Input: While computer stocks have taken the biggest hit from the slowdown in the industry , many software and semiconductor stocks have continued to outperform the market .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the slowdown in the industry .',', Computer stocks have taken the biggest hit .' ), 'Many software and semiconductor stocks have continued to outperform the market .')

Input: The technology group is also split between large companies and small , with the biggest stocks trading as blue-chip issues in the institutional marketplace , while the smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults , analysts say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the biggest stocks .','The technology group is also split between large companies and small .' ), 'The biggest stocks were trading as blue-chip issues in the institutional marketplace .' ), 'The smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults .' ), 'This is what analysts say .')

Input: That index , which contains technology companies with annual revenues of $ 200 million or less , gained 17.97 % by Sept. 30 this year -- still lagging the S&P 500 , but leading larger technology firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Sept. 30 this year -- still lagging the S&P 500 , but leading larger technology firms .','That index gained 17.97 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with annual revenues of $ 200 million or less .','That index contains technology companies .'))

Input: But , he added , interest-rate-sensitive stocks in general are stalled .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for clues about the direction of the economy .','This is for clues about the immediate outlook for interest rates .' ), 'Investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday .'))

Input: On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jennison was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jennison noted on the other hand .','The recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday .'))

Input: The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to a takeover of the company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as an impediment .','The announcement effectively removes the British government .' ), 'The company is being stalked by General Motors and Ford .'))

Input: Dycom Industries gained 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 after it said it agreed to buy Ansco & Associates and two affiliates for cash and stock .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Dycom Industries gained 3\/4 to 163\/4 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for cash and stock .', CO/LIST('It agreed to buy Ansco & Associates .','It agreed to buy two affiliates .'))))

Input: Faced with inevitable defeat , the once dominant industry declined any recorded vote on the ban , which covers all but a fraction of 1 % of daily flights in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The once dominant industry was faced with inevitable defeat .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the ban .','The once dominant industry declined any recorded vote .' ), 'The ban covers all but a fraction of 1 % of daily flights in the U.S. .'))

Input: The sole exceptions are an estimated 30 flights of six hours or more beginning or ending in Hawaii and Alaska .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti-drug programs .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But the bill still faces budget questions .', CO/LIST('It also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement .','It also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for anti-drug programs .'))

Input: The additional spending pushes the measure more than $ 2 billion above its prescribed budget ceiling , and the House Appropriations Committee leadership must now seek a waiver in hopes of completing action today .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The additional spending pushes the measure more than $ 2 billion above its prescribed budget ceiling .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in hopes of completing action today .','The House Appropriations Committee leadership must now seek a waiver .'))

Input: No single bill this year includes more discretionary spending for domestic programs and , apart from the space station , the measure incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for domestic programs and , apart from the space station .', SUB/ELABORATION('No single bill this year includes more discretionary spending , the measure incorporates far-reaching provisions .','Far-reaching provisions are affecting the federal mortgage market .'))

Input: And in anticipation of increased lending , the cap on FHA loan guarantees would rise to approximately $ 73.8 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Separately , the bill gives authority to the Department of Housing and Urban Development to facilitate the refinancing of high-interest loans subsidized by the government under the so-called Section 235 home-ownership program for lower-income families .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Department of Housing and Urban Development .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is separately .','The bill gives authority .' ), 'This was to facilitate the refinancing of high-interest loans subsidized by the government under the so-called Section 235 home-ownership program for lower-income families .'))

Input: This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from investment bankers .','Investment bankers were worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .' ), 'This provision met early and strong resistance .')

Input: But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Kemp was HUD Secretary .', CO/LIST('But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between Jack Kemp .','But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere .'))

Input: The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level , and total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to nearly $ 12.4 billion .','Total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16 % .'))

Input: A string of costly projects , including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite , would continue to be developed within these limits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including the high-speed national aerospace plane .','This was including the advanced communications technology satellite .' ), 'A string of costly projects would continue to be developed within these limits .')

Input: And while imposing a statutory cap of $ 1.6 billion on future spending , the bill would give NASA $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission .', SUB/ELABORATION('$ 30 million is a successor to the Voyager space probe .','And while imposing a statutory cap of $ 1.6 billion on future spending , the bill would give NASA $ 30 million .'))

Input: The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing housing and environmental programs , and the commitments now will drive excess spending into fiscal 1991 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The result is .', SUB/PURPOSE('All sides resort to sleight of hand .','This is to make room for competing housing and environmental programs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is into fiscal 1991 .','The commitments now will drive excess spending .')))

Input: The House action yesterday came as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments in fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The House action yesterday came .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fiscal 1990 .','A $ 17.25 billion measure was covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments .')))

Input: The compromise bill passed the House last week but has now provoked jurisdictional fights with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which jealously protects its prerogatives over operations at the State Department .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST('The compromise bill passed the House last week .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .','The compromise bill has now provoked jurisdictional fights .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is over operations at the State Department .','The Senate Foreign Relations Committee jealously protects its prerogatives .')))

Input: House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('National Canada Corp was its existing lenders .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Dallas oil and gas concern said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from one of its existing lenders .','$ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil and gas properties .')))

Input: Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ted Eubank was Coda 's president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ted Eubank said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with 85 % of the company 's net oil dedicated to repayment .','This was with gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment .' ), 'The loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point .')))

Input: The company put up virtually all of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as collateral .','The company put up virtually all of its oil and gas properties .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Southern Air Transport Inc. won $ 47.5 million in Air Force and Navy contracts for transportation services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Air Force and Navy contracts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for transportation services .',', Southern Air Transport Inc. won $ 47.5 million .'))

Input: Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets .','This was what he and others argued .' ), 'The Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share .')

Input: And why should holders expect to realize that presumed worth ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly maximize values .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Olympia & York was real estate experts .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with Olympia & York owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock .','This was with Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock .' ), 'Management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly maximize values .'))

Input: A compromise between bulls and bears puts remaining assets and cash -- including its 44 % stake in its publicly traded pipeline -- at $ 2 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , its railroad lost a $ 750 million antitrust suit , which is on appeal , and which analysts say could be settled for one-third that amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Its railroad lost .' ), 'A $ 750 million antitrust suit could be settled for one-third that amount .' ), 'A $ 750 million antitrust suit is on appeal , and which analysts say .')

Input: But Santa Fe , currently trading at 18 7\/8 , is n't likely to realize private market values by selling assets , because the tax against it would be onerous .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('But Santa Fe is n't likely to realize private market values by selling assets .',', Santa Fe is currently trading at 187\/8 .' ), 'The tax against it would be onerous .')

Input: Its plan , instead , is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same with its mining and energy assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with its mining and energy assets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is instead .','Its plan is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same .'))

Input: And what about the cost , and risk , of waiting to realize the hypothetical private market values ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his buy recommendation on the belief that he will find values of 30 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schneider is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Schneider of Bear Stearns says .','He is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Schneider of Bear Stearns is sticking to his buy recommendation on the belief .','He will find values of 30 a share .')))

Input: And , as Mr. Zell says , with Itel and O&Y on the unit 's board , the real estate will be run by a very unusual group to say the least .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zell was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the unit 's board .','Zell says , with Itel and O&Y .' )SUB/PURPOSE('And , the real estate will be run by a very unusual group .','This was to say the least .')))

Input: But as Drexel analyst Linda Dunn notes , its properties will be developed over 15 to 20 years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Linda Dunn was Drexel analyst .', SUB/ELABORATION('Linda Dunn notes .','But , its properties will be developed over 15 to 20 years .'))

Input: The offer , which values the whole of Coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by Coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The offer has already been accepted by Coates executives .','The offer has already been accepted by other shareholders .' ), 'The offer was owning 12.4 % of the company .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at # 301 million .','The offer values the whole of Coates .'))

Input: Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd was Orkem 's British subsidiary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was through Orkem 's British subsidiary .','The two were considering a merger .')))

Input: The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including the addition of related Orkem businesses .','This was including the addition of possibly further acquisitions .' ), 'The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit .')

Input: But Asher B. Edelman , who controls about 16 % of the San Antonio , Texas , computer-servicing company , insisted that the announcement did n't have anything to do with the ongoing battle for control of Datapoint Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Asher B. Edelman insisted .', SUB/PURPOSE('The announcement did n't have anything .','This was to do with the ongoing battle for control of Datapoint Corp .' ), 'Asher B. Edelman controls about 16 % of the San Antonio , Texas , computer-servicing company .'))

Input: Any sale of Intelogic could have an impact on the battle between Mr. Edelman and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edelman is an impact on the battle between Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Martin Ackerman is New York attorney .','Any sale of Intelogic could have Edelman and Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint .'))

Input: Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first-half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in first-half pretax profit .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe .','Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain .'))

Input: In the six months ended Sept. 30 , pretax profit at the British clothing and food retailer rose to # 208.7 million -LRB- $ 330.1 million -RRB- from # 185.5 million a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from # 185.5 million a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the six months .','The six months were ended Sept. 30 .' ), 'Pretax profit at the British clothing and food retailer rose to # 208.7 million -LRB- $ 330.1 million -RRB- .'))

Input: Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 135.2 million .','Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 4.5 pence .','Per-share earnings rose to five pence .'))

Input: Sales in North America and the Far East were inflated by acquisitions , rising 62 % to # 278 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sales in North America and the Far East were inflated by acquisitions .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 278 million .',', Sales in North America and the Far East were rising 62 % .'))

Input: Federal and state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association , and a California regulator described an attempted whitewash by deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what federal and state thrift examiners said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association .','They saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Danny Wall was whitewash by deputies of chief federal regulator .','A California regulator described an attempted Danny Wall .')))

Input: He called the sour loans appalling and added , You opened the file up and it just jumped at you .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('He called the sour loans appalling .','He added .' ), 'You opened the file up .','It just jumped at you .')

Input: Leonard Bickwit , a Washington attorney for Lincoln 's parent corporation , said in an interview , We deny any criminal behavior by the association or its officers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leonard Bickwit is a Washington attorney for Lincoln 's parent corporation .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Leonard Bickwit said in an interview .','This is what we deny any criminal behavior by the association or its officers .'))

Input: In an interview , he said federal regulators eventually declared one of the loans the state regulator cited to be a total loss , and forced Lincoln to make an $ 18 million downward adjustment on another .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said in an interview .', SUB/ELABORATION('Federal regulators eventually declared one of the loans .', CO/LIST('The state regulator cited to be a total loss .','The state regulator forced Lincoln to make an $ 18 million downward adjustment on another the loans .')))

Input: The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Keating was fraud suit against Mr. .', CO/LIST('The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion Keating .','The government later brought others .'))

Input: They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('They shredded it simply .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about their creditors and depositors .','It contained financial information .'))

Input: Mr. Bickwit said , I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , but said the overseas investments essentially broke even for the S&L .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bickwit was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bickwit said , I can see .', CO/CONTRAST('An S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an S&L examiner said .','The overseas investments essentially broke even for the S&L .'))))

Input: But LTV 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by a major steelmaker .','But LTV 's move marks the first effort .' ), 'This is to counter the free fall in spot prices .')

Input: LTV 's planned increase , which was announced in an Oct. 26 memo to district managers , does n't affect electrogalvanized steel or tin plate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('LTV 's planned increase does n't affect electrogalvanized steel .','LTV 's planned increase does n't affect tin plate .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to district managers .','LTV 's planned increase was announced in an Oct. 26 memo .'))

Input: LTV confirmed the price-increase plan , saying the move is designed to more accurately reflect the value of products and to put steel on more equal footing with other commodities .
Prediction: CO/LIST('LTV confirmed the price-increase plan .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what LTV was saying .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on more equal footing with other commodities .','The move is designed to more accurately reflect the value of products and to put steel .')))

Input: Moreover , they note that LTV may be trying to send a signal to major customers , such as Chrysler Corp. and Whirlpool Corp. , that steelmakers need more money .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they note .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as Chrysler Corp. .','This is such as Whirlpool Corp. .' ), 'This is to major customers .' ), 'LTV may be trying to send a signal that steelmakers need more money .'))

Input: They -LCB- LTV -RCB- may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Marcus believes spot steel prices will continue to fall through early 1990 and then reverse themselves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Marcus is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Marcus believes .',', Spot steel prices will continue to fall through early 1990 and then reverse themselves .'))

Input: And while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is through the fourth quarter .',', Customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories .' ), 'And , they eventually will begin stocking up again .' ), 'This is what he notes .')

Input: Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year , but began offering sizable discounts over the summer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the summer .',', Steelmakers began offering sizable discounts .'))

Input: In fact , LTV was the first steelmaker to publicly boost discounts for buyers of cold rolled sheet steel and hot-dipped galvanized sheet steel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .', CO/LIST('LTV was the first steelmaker to publicly boost discounts for buyers of cold rolled sheet steel .','LTV was the first steelmaker to publicly boost discounts for buyers of hot-dipped galvanized sheet steel .'))

Input: The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing on Feb. 8 , 1990 , and May 10 , 1990 , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .','13-week and 26-week bills were maturing on Feb. 8 , 1990 , and May 10 , 1990 .'))

Input: Shop Television Network Inc. , of Los Angeles , said Penney agreed to continue its exclusive arrangement with Shop Television , which does the production , marketing and cable distribution for the J.C. Penney Television Shopping Channel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shop Television Network Inc. , of Los Angeles , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Shop Television .','Penney agreed to continue its exclusive arrangement .' ), ', Shop Television does the production , marketing and cable distribution for the J.C. Penney Television Shopping Channel .'))

Input: In 1953 , James Watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA -LRB- deoxyribonucleic acid -RRB- , the genetic key to heredity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('DNA -LRB- deoxyribonucleic acid -RRB- was the genetic key .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to heredity .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1953 .', CO/LIST('James Watson unlocked the double helix of DNA -LRB- deoxyribonucleic acid -RRB- .','His colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA -LRB- deoxyribonucleic acid -RRB- .'))))

Input: With $ 500 apiece and an injection of outside capital , they formed Genentech Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with $ 500 apiece .','This was with an injection of outside capital .' ), 'They formed Genentech Inc .')

Input: At the time , Genentech had only one profitable year behind it -LRB- a modest $ 116,000 on revenue of $ 2.6 million in 1979 -RRB- and no product of its own on the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the market .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the time .', CO/LIST('Genentech had only one profitable year behind it -LRB- a modest $ 116,000 on revenue of $ 2.6 million in 1979 -RRB- .','Genentech had no product of its own .')))

Input: Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance , both still university researchers .','Boyer and Cohen had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique .' ), 'The Patent Office refused to grant it .')

Input: That judgment , in turn , was reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court , leaving Cohen and Boyer holding the first patents for making recombinant DNA -LRB- now assigned to their schools -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in turn .','That judgment was reversed by the U.S. Supreme Court .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for making recombinant DNA -LRB- now assigned to their schools -RRB- .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in turn .','That judgment was leaving Cohen and Boyer holding the first patents .')))

Input: Genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million , both from licensing and its own products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was both from licensing .','This was both from its own products .' ), 'Genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million .')

Input: The Credit Lyonnais purchase , for 33,000 regular common shares and 10,000 newly created shares , is valued at about slightly more than 80 million French francs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for 33,000 regular common shares .','This was for 10,000 newly created shares .' ), 'The Credit Lyonnais purchase is valued at about slightly more than 80 million French francs .')

Input: Unocal Corp. , Los Angeles , said it and Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. would create a petroleum marketing and refining general partnership in the Midwest .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Unocal Corp. was Los Angeles .','Unocal Corp. said it .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the Midwest .','Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. would create a petroleum marketing and refining general partnership .'))

Input: The joint venture , Uno-Ven Co. , would generate total annual revenue of about $ 500 million and have 1,100 employees , a Unocal spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Uno-Ven Co. was the joint venture .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The joint venture would generate total annual revenue of about $ 500 million .','The joint venture would have 1,100 employees .' ), 'This was what a Unocal spokesman said .'))

Input: It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a private placement .', CO/LIST('A private placement was obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. .','A private placement was obtained through a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank .' ), 'Financing would consist of $ 250 million .')))

Input: Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Company officials said the current robust domestic demand .', CO/LIST('The current robust domestic demand has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships and resulted in sharply higher profit .','The current robust domestic demand has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like steel structures and resulted in sharply higher profit .','The current robust domestic demand has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like power systems and resulted in sharply higher profit .','The current robust domestic demand has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit .'))

Input: Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit -- but the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Senate leaders traded proposals .','Proposals were aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is President .','The major stumbling block remains Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate .'))

Input: The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('George Mitchell was Senate Majority Leader .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Dole was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The talks between George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart were Robert Dole of Kansas .','The talks between George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart are expected to resume today .')))

Input: Both plans would drop child-care provisions from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation .','Both plans would drop child-care provisions .' ), 'Both plans would let it progress as a separate bill .')

Input: These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the corresponding period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million last year .','These results compare with net income of 44 cents a share , last year .'))

Input: This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary .','This was on the proposed discontinuation of $ 3.7 million of other write-offs .' ), 'This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','Were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs other write-offs .'))

Input: The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times-Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Martin P. Levin was attorney .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as an adviser .', CO/LIST('The company also retained Martin P. Levin .','The company also retained a director of the company .','The company also retained former head of the Times-Mirror Publishing Group .')))

Input: Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong .', SUB/ELABORATION('The offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation .','The industry could be in for a wave of merger activity .'))

Input: Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price .', CO/CONTRAST('Only 448 declined .','Broader market averages rose sharply .'))

Input: Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 340.36 .',', Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 318.79 .','The Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to .','The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 .'))

Input: Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid speculation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 627\/8 .','Great Northern surged 201\/8 that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised .')))

Input: Nearly 6.3 million shares , or about 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands in Big Board composite trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Big Board composite trading .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Nearly 6.3 million shares changed hands .','About 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands .'))

Input: The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders and analysts said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a number of brokerage firms .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about volatility because of moves .','The market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns .' ), 'This was to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage .')))

Input: But traders also said arbitrage-related trading contributed to the market 's surge , as buy programs boosted prices shortly after the opening and sporadically through the remainder of the session .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Arbitrage-related trading contributed to the market 's surge .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was shortly after the opening and sporadically through the remainder of the session .','Buy programs boosted prices .')))

Input: Georgia-Pacific fell 2 1\/2 to 50 7\/8 , but most paper and forest-products stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Georgia-Pacific fell 21\/2 to 507\/8 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Most paper and forest-products stocks firmed .','Market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets .'))

Input: An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eminase was the company 's heart drug .', SUB/ELABORATION('An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended .','The agency approve Eminase .'))

Input: Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Peoria was Ill. .',', Cilcorp Inc. was Peoria .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cilcorp Inc. said .', CO/LIST('It agreed to acquire the environmental consulting .','It agreed to acquire analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn .')))

Input: Separately , Cilcorp said it plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares , or 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cilcorp said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to time on the open market and through privately negotiated transactions .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It plans to purchase as many as 1.4 million shares .','It plans to purchase 10 % of its common stock outstanding from time .')))

Input: BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the president said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the Mediterranean .', CO/LIST('He would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels .','The Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels .' ), 'This is to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda .')))

Input: Israel 's army lifted a blockade around a Palestinian town in the occupied West Bank , ending a 42-day campaign of seizing cars , furniture and other goods to crush a tax boycott .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was around a Palestinian town .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the occupied West Bank .','Israel 's army lifted a blockade .' ), 'Israel 's army was ending a 42-day campaign of seizing cars , furniture and other goods to crush a tax boycott .'))

Input: Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion that gripped Beijing last spring .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Deng was Chinese leader .', SUB/ELABORATION('Nixon was former President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Deng told Nixon .', SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. was deeply involved in the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion .','The turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion gripped Beijing last spring .'))))

Input: Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was on the strategic Salang Highway .','Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade .' )CO/LIST('Afghanistan 's troops were allowing trucks .', SUB/PURPOSE('Afghanistan 's troops were carrying food and other necessities .','This was to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds .')))

Input: The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position , which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups , is to be held Nov .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position is to be held Nov .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Socialists were the ruling .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under a pact .','A pact was signed by Socialists and opposition groups .' ), 'The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position replaces a collective presidency .')))

Input: A spokesman for Democratic Sen. Pell of Rhode Island said , however , that the Immigration and Naturalization Service would review the stowaway 's request .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pell was A spokesman for Democratic Sen. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Pell of Rhode Island said , however .','The Immigration and Naturalization Service would review the stowaway 's request .'))

Input: Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ogden Projects Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income jumped to $ 6.6 million .','Net income jumped to 18 cents a share .')))

Input: The Fairfield , N.J. , company , which is 92%-owned by Ogden Corp. , New York , had net of $ 1.1 million , or four cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Fairfield , N.J. , company had net of $ 1.1 million .','The Fairfield , N.J. , company had net of four cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Ogden Corp. was New York .','The Fairfield , N.J. , company is 92 % - owned by Ogden Corp. .')))

Input: Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid-waste recovery and hazardous-waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ogden Projects said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is up from seven a year ago .','It has 13 facilities in operation .' )CO/LIST('Ogden Projects has interests in solid-waste recovery .','Ogden Projects has interests in hazardous-waste cleanup .')))

Input: Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third-quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ogden Corp. reported third-quarter net income of $ 27.1 million more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .','Ogden Corp. reported third-quarter net income of 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier .' ), 'Ogden Corp. also has interests in building maintenance and management .'))

Input: But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a national problem , Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term to help the situation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John J. Phelan Jr. is Big Board Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what John J. Phelan Jr. said .','Is a national problem .' ), 'But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a national problem , We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term to help the situation .'))

Input: He said he is very surprised by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('He is very surprised by the furor over program trading .','He is very surprised by the exchange 's role in it .' ), 'The exchange 's role in it has raged in recent days .'))

Input: Mr. Phelan said that the Big Board has been trying to deal quietly with the issue , but that banning computer-assisted trading strategies entirely , as some investors want , would be like taking everybody out of an automobile and making them ride a horse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phelan was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Phelan said .','That the Big Board has been trying to deal quietly with the issue , but that banning computer-assisted trading strategies entirely , as some investors want , would be like taking everybody out of an automobile and making them ride a horse .'))

Input: The exchange has a board meeting scheduled for tomorrow , and it is expected that some public announcement could be made after that .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The exchange has a board meeting .','A board meeting was scheduled for tomorrow .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it is expected .',', Some public announcement could be made after that .'))

Input: Big Board officials have been under seige from both investors and the exchange 's own floor traders since the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's 190-point tumble on Oct. 13 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 13 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from both investors .','This was from the exchange 's own floor traders since the Dow Jones Industrial Average 's 190-point tumble .' ), 'Big Board officials have been under seige .'))

Input: Mr. Phelan has n't been making public remarks in recent days , and many people have urged him to take more of a leadership role on the program trading issue .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Phelan was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent days .','Phelan has n't been making public remarks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the program trading issue .','Many people have urged him to take more of a leadership role .')))

Input: Early last year , after a 140-point , one-day drop in the Dow , the Big Board instituted the collar , which banned program trading through the Big Board 's computers whenever the Dow moved 50 points up or down in a day .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after a 140-point , one-day drop in the Dow .','Early last year the Big Board instituted the collar .' )SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was through the Big Board 's computers .','The collar banned program trading .' ), 'The Dow moved 50 points up or down in a day .'))

Input: The collar was penetrated on a number of occasions , meaning securities firms figured out ways to conduct program trades to circumvent the collar and use the Big Board 's electronic trading system , Mr. Phelan said .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The collar was penetrated on a number of occasions .', SUB/PURPOSE('Meaning securities firms figured out ways .','This was to conduct program trades to circumvent the collar and use the Big Board 's electronic trading system .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Phelan was Mr. .','Phelan said .'))

Input: But he said this does n't mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This does n't mean .','He is satisfied with the market 's big swings .'))

Input: After another session Mr. Phelan held yesterday with major brokerage firms such as Morgan Stanley & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and First Boston -- all of which have engaged in program trading -- an executive of a top brokerage firm said , Clearly , the firms want the exchange to take leadership .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phelan was another session Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an executive of a top brokerage firm said , Clearly after Phelan held yesterday with major brokerage firms such as Morgan Stanley & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and First Boston -- all of which have engaged in program trading -- .','The firms want the exchange to take leadership .'))

Input: Many specialist firms resent the Big Board 's new basket product that allows institutions to buy or sell all stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index in one shot .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Many specialist firms resent the Big Board 's new basket product .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in one shot .','The Big Board 's new basket product allows institutions to buy or sell all stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .'))

Input: Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Phelan was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Phelan has had difficulty , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , and which sometimes employ program trading .','Phelan was convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , and which sometimes employ program trading .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is like the Standard & Poor 's 500 .',', Stock-index funds buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes .')))

Input: Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on program trading or stock futures .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite what some investors are suggesting .','The Big Board is n't even considering a total ban .' ), 'This was what Exchange officials said .'))

Input: What I 'm trying to say to people is , it 's proper to worry about program trading , but it 's only a piece of the business .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('I 'm trying to say to people is .','It 's proper to worry about program trading .' ), 'It 's only a piece of the business .')

Input: The compromise proposal , ending a long impasse between Democrats and the president , would boost the minimum wage to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 from $ 3.35 now .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 4.25 an hour .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by April 1991 from $ 3.35 .','The compromise proposal would boost the minimum wage now .' )CO/LIST('The compromise proposal is ending a long impasse between Democrats .','The compromise proposal is ending a long impasse between the president .')))

Input: Great Northern Nekoosa reacted coolly to Georgia-Pacific 's takeover bid of $ 58 a share , or $ 3.19 billion , though the suitor said all terms are negotiable .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Great Northern Nekoosa reacted coolly to Georgia-Pacific 's takeover bid of $ 58 a share .','Great Northern Nekoosa reacted coolly to Georgia-Pacific 's takeover bid of $ 3.19 billion .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the suitor said .','All terms are negotiable .'))

Input: The dollar and bond prices also closed higher .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', September was a further indication .','The economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms a further indication .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % .'))

Input: Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter Guber is Hollywood producers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as part of a settlement of their dispute over Peter Guber and Jon Peters .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in several business ventures .','Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners .')))

Input: Eastern Airlines pilots were awarded between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay by an arbitrator , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('An arbitrator was a decision .','A decision could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by an arbitrator .','Eastern Airlines pilots were awarded between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay .'))

Input: LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's unclear .', SUB/ELABORATION('The increases will stick .','The increases are set for Jan. 1 , 1990 .')))

Input: Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 in fines after pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fines .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after .',', Southern 's Gulf Power unit paid $ 500,000 .' )CO/LIST(', Southern 's Gulf Power unit was pleading guilty to conspiracy to make illegal political contributions .',', Southern 's Gulf Power unit was pleading guilty to conspiracy to make tax evasion .')))

Input: USX 's profit dropped 23 % in the third quarter as improved oil results failed to offset weakness in the firm 's steel and natural gas operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .','USX 's profit dropped 23 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the firm 's steel and natural gas operations .','Improved oil results failed to offset weakness .'))

Input: Miniscribe reported a negative net worth and hinted it may file for Chapter 11 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Miniscribe reported a negative net worth .', SUB/ELABORATION('Miniscribe hinted .','It may file for Chapter 11 .'))

Input: Bond prices staggered in seesaw trading , rising on reports of economic weakness and falling on reports of economic strength .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bond prices staggered in seesaw trading .', CO/LIST('Bond prices were rising on reports of economic weakness .','Bond prices were falling on reports of economic strength .'))

Input: Late in London , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen , up from late Monday in New York .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in New York .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from late Monday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was late in London .', CO/LIST('The dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks .','The dollar was quoted at 142.70 Japanese yen .'))))

Input: The contraction was twice as large as economists projected and was the sharpest decline since a 19 % drop in January 1982 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The contraction was twice as large .', CO/LIST('Economists projected .','Economists was the sharpest decline since a 19 % drop in January 1982 .'))

Input: The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The boost in rates sent IBM 's bonds tumbling , leaving underwriters with millions of dollars of losses and triggering a sell-off in the overall market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The boost in rates sent IBM 's bonds .', CO/LIST('The boost in rates were tumbling .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with millions of dollars of losses .','The boost in rates were leaving underwriters .' ), 'The boost in rates were triggering a sell-off in the overall market .'))

Input: I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Since the recent deterioration of the junk-bond market , at least two other junk issuers have said they plan to scale back planned high-yield offerings , and several issues have been postponed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what at least two other junk issuers have said since the recent deterioration of the junk-bond market .','They plan to scale back planned high-yield offerings .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was since the recent deterioration of the junk-bond market .',', Several issues have been postponed .'))

Input: By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by October .','Market conditions had deteriorated .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by October .','The reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 131\/4 % and 131\/2 % .')))

Input: West German bonds firmed a bit after Monday 's fall , but traders said the market remains bearish due to speculation that interest rates could rise again .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after Monday 's fall .','West German bonds firmed a bit .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The market remains bearish due to speculation .','Interest rates could rise again .')))

Input: In a speech given Friday but released late Monday , Bundesbank Vice President Helmut Schlesinger suggested that it was risky to claim that the booming German economy has reached the peak of its cycle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Helmut Schlesinger was Bundesbank Vice President .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a speech given Friday but released late Monday .','Helmut Schlesinger suggested .' ), 'It was risky to claim that the booming German economy has reached the peak of its cycle .'))

Input: On Oct. 5 , the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8 % and 6 % , respectively , the highest levels in seven years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by one percentage point .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .','This was to 8 % and 6 % the highest levels in seven years .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 5 .','The Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates .')))

Input: The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services among other services .','The two units are Prentice Hall Information Network .' ), 'Prentice Hall Information Network electronically delivers tax information .' ), 'Prentice Hall Information Services publishes tax , financial planning and business law information .')

Input: Terms were n't disclosed , but industry executives said the units were sold for $ 40 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Terms were n't disclosed .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what industry executives said .','The units were sold for $ 40 million .'))

Input: The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to utilities , hospitals , and colleges and universities owned by the government .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in regard to utilities , hospitals , and colleges and universities owned by the government .','FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules .'))

Input: The GASB had told governments they did n't have to follow FASB rules on depreciation , making it difficult for bond-rating agencies to compare private and state-owned schools , which compete in the public bond market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The GASB had told governments .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on depreciation governments .','They did n't have to follow FASB rules .' ), 'The GASB was making it difficult for bond-rating agencies to compare private and state-owned schools .' ), 'Private and state-owned schools compete in the public bond market .'))

Input: The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years .', CO/LIST('The affected government entities with fiscal years begin starting next Jan. 1 .','The affected government entities with fiscal years makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses .'))

Input: But it may lead to separate financial reports based on different rules for the government entities under FASB rules and those still under GASB rules .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it may lead to separate financial reports .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was under FASB rules .','This was under those .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was still under GASB rules .',', Separate financial reports were based on different rules for the government entities .')))

Input: Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority , a foundation spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure .','Financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority .' ), 'This was what a foundation spokesman said .')

Input: Avery , which continues to operate a coal company it expects to sell at a loss , said in proxy materials it intends to seek control of one or more companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Avery said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in proxy materials .','It intends to seek control of one or more companies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Avery continues to operate a coal company .','It expects to sell at a loss a coal company .')))

Input: After fees and repayment of debt , Avery is left with about $ 24 million in cash and securities from the Uniroyal sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the Uniroyal sale .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after fees and repayment of debt .','Avery is left with about $ 24 million in cash and securities .'))

Input: Avery paid $ 750 million , including various legal and financing fees , to acquire Uniroyal Chemical , Middlebury , Conn. , in 1986 -- a move that burdened Avery with debt .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including various legal and financing fees .','Avery paid $ 750 million .' ), 'This was to acquire Uniroyal Chemical , Middlebury , Conn. , in 1986 -- a move that burdened Avery with debt .')

Input: According to Avery , for the year ended Sept. 30 , 1988 , Uniroyal Chemical had sales of $ 734.2 million and a net loss of $ 47.1 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the year .','This was according to Avery .' )CO/LIST('Uniroyal Chemical had sales of $ 734.2 million .','Uniroyal Chemical had a net loss of $ 47.1 million .' ), 'The year was ended Sept. 30 , 1988 .'))

Input: An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an Avery spokesman said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The loss was magnified by accounting adjustments .','The loss was magnified by that .' ), 'The company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis .'))

Input: In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Nelson Peltz were its controlling shareholders and top officers .','Peter W. May were its controlling shareholders and top officers .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Avery said in a related development .', CO/LIST('It completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers surrendered warrants .','It completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers surrendered preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares .')))

Input: In January 1989 , the two men acquired the non-packaging assets of Triangle , including a controlling stake in Avery and , by extension , Uniroyal Chemical .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in January 1989 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by extension .','This was including a controlling stake in Avery and Uniroyal Chemical .' ), 'The two men acquired the non-packaging assets of Triangle .'))

Input: In the August proxy material , Avery said that unless it sold Uniroyal , its ability to service debt would be hurt and Avery 's shareholder value would continue to erode .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Avery said in the August proxy material .', CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('It sold Uniroyal .','Its ability to service debt would be hurt .' )SUB/CONDITION('It sold Uniroyal .','Avery 's shareholder value would continue to erode .')))

Input: Until Avery makes an acquisition , Messrs. Peltz and May will waive their direct salaries and bonuses , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peltz was Messrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION('Avery makes an acquisition .','Peltz and May will waive their direct salaries and bonuses .' ), 'This was what the company said .'))

Input: Clarcor , a maker of packaging and filtration products , said the two companies could n't agree on terms of a definitive agreement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Clarcor was a maker of packaging and filtration products .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Clarcor said .','The two companies could n't agree on terms of a definitive agreement .'))

Input: The sale price of the unit , which makes packaging products , was to consist of cash , notes and an amount to be determined by the unit 's future performance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The sale price of the unit was to consist of cash to be determined by the unit 's future performance .','The sale price of the unit was to consist of notes to be determined by the unit 's future performance .','The sale price of the unit was to consist of an amount to be determined by the unit 's future performance .' ), 'The sale price of the unit makes packaging products .')

Input: Both Clarcor and Anderson are based in Rockford , Ill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Earlier this month , a group led by three of the company 's directors , Burt Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and Willam E. Trotter II , indicated it had a 45.2 % stake in the Louisville , Ky. , fast-food company and that it planned to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Burt Sugarman was James M. Trotter III .','Burt Sugarman was Willam E. Trotter II .' ), 'Earlier this month , a group led by three of the company 's directors , Burt Sugarman indicated it had a 45.2 % stake in the Louisville , Ky. , fast-food company and that it planned to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board .')

Input: Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Eight companies submitted bids .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by essentially saying it would do the job for free .','Fujitsu won the contract .'))

Input: Hiroshima officials said they still consider the contract in effect and had no immediate plans to cancel it .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hiroshima officials said .', CO/LIST('They still consider the contract in effect .','They had no immediate plans to cancel it .'))

Input: Mr. Lewis said the company gave the Consumer Affairs department volumes of documents to substantiate its statements , and made every effort to comply with all the agency 's policies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lewis was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lewis said .','The company gave the Consumer Affairs department volumes of documents to substantiate its statements .' ), 'Lewis made every effort to comply with all the agency 's policies .'))

Input: In its suit , the consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law , costs of investigation , and an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in its suit .', CO/LIST('The consumer agency seeks fines of $ 1,000 per violation of the city 's Consumer Protection Law .','The consumer agency seeks costs of investigation .','The consumer agency seeks an injunction to prevent Newmark & Lewis from continuing its allegedly deceptive advertising .'))

Input: On Monday , when a mere seven common stocks managed new highs , six were utilities or golds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A mere seven common stocks managed new highs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Monday .',', Six were utilities or golds .'))

Input: At first glance , gold and utilities seem strange bedfellows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at first glance .', CO/LIST('Gold seem strange bedfellows .','Utilities seem strange bedfellows .'))

Input: Utility stocks , on the other hand , thrive on disinflation , because the fat dividends utilities pay look more attractive when prices are falling -LRB- or rising slowly -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the other hand .','Utility stocks thrive on disinflation .' ), 'The fat dividends utilities pay look more attractive when prices are falling -LRB- or rising slowly -RRB- .')

Input: But the two groups have something very important in common : They are both havens for scared money , stocks for people who hate stocks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the two groups have something very important in common .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Scared money is stocks for people .','People hate stocks .' ), 'They are both havens for scared money .'))

Input: Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in gold and utility shares .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .','A lot of investors clearly have revived their interest .'))

Input: Inventories are creeping up ; car inventories are already high , and big auto makers are idling plants .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Inventories are creeping up .', CO/LIST(', Car inventories are already high .','Big auto makers are idling plants .'))

Input: If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short-term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Utilities are a classic example : Even in recessions , people continue to use electric power , water and gas at a fairly steady rate .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Utilities are a classic example .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is even in recessions .','People continue to use electric power , water and gas at a fairly steady rate .'))

Input: Mr. Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. as examples : They 're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Wachtel is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as examples .', CO/LIST('Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. .','Wachtel points to PepsiCo Inc. .' ), 'They 're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings .')))

Input: But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If gold stocks and utilities continue to lead , it may signal that the market is in for rough times .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Gold stocks and utilities continue to lead .', SUB/ELABORATION('It may signal .','The market is in for rough times .'))

Input: But he does expect a muffler dragger of an economy , with very slow growth , maybe one quarter of no growth at all .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Very slow growth is maybe one quarter of no growth .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with very slow growth .','But he does expect a muffler dragger of an economy at all .'))

Input: Abby Cohen , an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , also thinks it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Abby Cohen is an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Abby Cohen thinks .', SUB/PURPOSE('It makes sense .','This is to have some money in both utilities and gold .')))

Input: Among utilities , Drexel currently favors Entergy Corp. and General Public Utilities Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among utilities .', CO/LIST('Drexel currently favors Entergy Corp. .','Drexel currently favors General Public Utilities Corp .'))

Input: Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among gold stocks .', CO/LIST('Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. .','Drexel likes Newmont Gold Co. .','Drexel likes Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co .'))

Input: It never ceases to amaze me how the business world continues to trivialize the world 's environmental problems -LRB- Is Science , or Private Gain , Driving Ozone Policy ? by George Melloan , Business World , Oct. 24 -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Driving Ozone Policy ? by George Melloan is Science .','Driving Ozone Policy ? by George Melloan is Private Gain .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It never ceases to amaze me -LRB- Is Science Oct. 24 -RRB- .','It never ceases to amaze me -LRB- Is Private Gain Business World , Oct. 24 -RRB- .' ), 'The business world continues to trivialize the world 's environmental problems .'))

Input: To suggest that a 10 % drop in ozone by the middle of the next century would be negligible is irresponsible and shortsighted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Crises larger and more dangerous to the quality of life than they were 10 years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's time business leaders .', SUB/ELABORATION('The general public learn .', CO/CONTRAST('Mankind does not rule over this natural environment .','Mankind is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings .')))

Input: Mr. Melloan 's column was right on the money , but I wish it could have gone one step further .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Melloan was Mr. .','Melloan 's column was right on the money .' )SUB/ELABORATION('I wish .','It could have gone one step further .'))

Input: As an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer , I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory -LRB- named after the researchers who found in 1974 that chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone in the earth 's atmosphere -RRB- and the Montreal Protocol .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer .','I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory -LRB- named after the researchers -RRB- and the Montreal Protocol .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The researchers found in 1974 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the earth 's atmosphere .',', Chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone .')))

Input: In my research , I have found a paper by Joseph Scotto of the National Cancer Institute and several colleagues reporting an 11-year decrease in UV-B radiation at eight U.S. measurement sites .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was at eight U.S. measurement sites .', CO/LIST('This was by Joseph Scotto of the National Cancer Institute .','This was by several colleagues reporting an 11-year decrease in UV-B radiation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in my research .','I have found a paper .')))

Input: Our concern for the ozone layer , of course , grows out of the potential for increasing UV-B radiation , which could damage flora and fauna .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','Our concern for the ozone layer grows out of the potential for increasing UV-B radiation .' ), 'Increasing UV-B radiation could damage flora and fauna .')

Input: To me , this calls into question the validity of the Rowland-Molina theory and hence the whole chlorofluorocarbons replacement effort .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to me .', CO/LIST('This calls into question the validity of the Rowland-Molina theory .','This calls into question the validity of hence the whole chlorofluorocarbons replacement effort .'))

Input: My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission , the Environmental Protection Agency , Friends of the Earth , etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The National Resource Development Commission was the Environmental Protection Agency .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Earth was etc. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission Friends of the Earth were greeted with derision .','My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission Friends of the Earth were greeted with some mumbled comments about that report .' ), 'That report was being discredited .')))

Input: Frederick H. Hallett Vice President Industry and Government Relations White Consolidated Industries Inc . Washington
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Thomas E. Graedel is distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories .','Thomas E. Graedel is Paul J. Crutzen .' )SUB/ELABORATION('In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , It is now quite evident .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is chlorofluorocarbons .','Particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion .')))

Input: Mr. Melloan quotes Peter Teagan and invokes the name of Arthur D. Little Inc. to support his statement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Melloan is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Melloan quotes Peter Teagan .','Melloan invokes the name of Arthur D. Little Inc. to support his statement .'))

Input: It is insulting and demeaning to say that scientists needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts and that environmental groups need them to stay in business .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Solving the global environmental problems we all face will require an unprecedented level of cooperation and communication among industry , policy makers and the scientific community world-wide .
Prediction: CO/LIST('All face is solving the global environmental problems we .', CO/LIST('All face will require an unprecedented level of cooperation and communication among industry world-wide .','All face will require an unprecedented level of cooperation and communication among policy makers world-wide .','All face will require an unprecedented level of cooperation and communication among the scientific community world-wide .'))

Input: MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MiniScribe has said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting .','Its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of marketing practices .' )CO/LIST('Marketing practices inflated revenues .','Marketing practices inflated net income .')))

Input: Analysts and consultants had mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements , praising Mr. Rifenburgh 's efforts but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rifenburgh was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to yesterday 's announcements .','Analysts and consultants had mixed reactions .' ), 'Analysts and consultants were praising Rifenburgh 's efforts but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace .'))

Input: MiniScribe common closed yesterday at $ 1.9375 , down 6.25 cents , and has been trading for several months at less than $ 3 a share .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 6.25 cents .','MiniScribe common closed yesterday at $ 1.9375 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at less than $ 3 a share .','MiniScribe common has been trading for several months .'))

Input: The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices , including the shipment of bricks and defective disk drives that were booked as sales , and inventory forgeries in accounting records .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including the shipment of bricks and defective disk drives .','This is including inventory forgeries in accounting records .' ), 'The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices .' ), 'Defective disk drives were booked as sales .')

Input: He added that he expects to make a recommendation within a few weeks on whether MiniScribe should file its own lawsuits against former company officers and directors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is within a few weeks on whether MiniScribe should file its own lawsuits against former company officers and directors .','He expects to make a recommendation .'))

Input: American Enterprise Institute scholar Norman Ornstein in the Oct. 21 TV Guide on What TV News Does n't Report About Congress -- and Should :
Prediction: NONE

Input: By concentrating all their resources on the pay raise , Wright and Tower , the networks actually overlooked some major stories that showed the flaws and shortcomings of the institution ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on the pay raise .','This was on Wright .','This was on Tower .' ), 'The networks were concentrating all their resources ... .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The networks actually overlooked some major stories ... .',', Some major stories showed the flaws and shortcomings of the institution .'))

Input: Traditional standards of relevancy and importance -LRB- is this something the public ought to know -RRB- will be replaced by a much broader test -LRB- is this something the public is interested in knowing -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Traditional standards of relevancy and importance -LRB- is this something -RRB- will be replaced by a much broader test -LRB- is this something -RRB- .','The public is interested in knowing this something .' ), 'The public ought to know this something .')

Input: And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism .', SUB/PURPOSE('And , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles .','This is to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health .'))

Input: Similarly , visual images will be more vivid , sensational and , sometimes , gruesome .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is sometimes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is similarly .','Visual images will be more vivid , sensational and gruesome .'))

Input: Over the past two years , the Fed has given a handful of banks ' securities affiliates permission to underwrite and deal in a variety of corporate , asset-backed and municipal securities that had previously been the sole domain of securities firms .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past two years .','The Fed has given a handful of banks ' securities affiliates permission .' ), 'This was to underwrite and deal in a variety of corporate , asset-backed and municipal securities that had previously been the sole domain of securities firms .')

Input: Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Securities firms were saying they violate federal laws .','Federal laws were separating the banking and securities businesses .'))

Input: But , by allowing BT Securities Inc. to handle private placements , the Fed boosted the volume of new types of underwriting that the unit can do .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But , the Fed was allowing BT Securities Inc. to handle private placements .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , the Fed boosted the volume of new types of underwriting .','The unit can do .'))

Input: Private placements involve debt and equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors and are n't registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is typically .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in denominations of $ 1 million .','Private placements involve debt and equity securities .' )CO/LIST('Denominations of $ 1 million are sold to institutional investors .','Denominations of $ 1 million are n't registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .')))

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40-year-old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40-year-old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike .', CO/LIST('He keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office a bike .', SUB/ELABORATION('He sets out to cover a distance .','Most people would travel only by car a bike a distance .')))

Input: Founded by bike enthusiasts rather than businessmen , Specialized spotted the appeal of fat-tired bikes that go almost anywhere and began mass-producing them in 1981 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Specialized was founded by bike enthusiasts rather than businessmen .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Specialized spotted the appeal of fat-tired bikes .', CO/LIST('The appeal of fat-tired bikes go almost anywhere .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1981 .','The appeal of fat-tired bikes began mass-producing them .'))))

Input: But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the trade show , Specialized also unveiled a revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel developed jointly by Specialized and Du Pont Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the trade show .',', Specialized also unveiled a revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel .' )CO/LIST('A revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel was developed jointly by Specialized .','A revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel was developed jointly by Du Pont Co .'))

Input: It currently costs $ 750 , though Mr. Sinyard thinks the price can be reduced within three years to between $ 200 and $ 250 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sinyard was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('It currently costs $ 750 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Sinyard thinks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to between $ 200 and $ 250 .','The price can be reduced within three years .'))))

Input: But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Schwinn Bicycle Co. , Chicago , established joint ventures with bike companies in mainland China and Hungary to sell bikes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', China was bike companies in mainland .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Schwinn Bicycle Co. was Chicago .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was with China and Hungary .',', Schwinn Bicycle Co. established joint ventures .' ), 'This was to sell bikes .')))

Input: In the past year , Derby International Corp. , Luxembourg , has acquired such major brands as Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Derby International Corp. was Luxembourg .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was as Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past year .','Derby International Corp. has acquired such major brands .')))

Input: But as Bill Austin , Giant 's president , puts it , With some of the bigger players consolidating their strength , the game has changed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bill Austin was Giant 's president .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with some of the bigger players .','This is consolidating their strength .' ), 'Bill Austin puts it .' ), 'But , the game has changed .'))

Input: Robert C. Snyder , a director and chief operating officer of the company , succeeds Mr. Pfeiffer as president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pfeiffer is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert C. Snyder is a director and chief operating officer of the company .','Robert C. Snyder succeeds Pfeiffer as president .'))

Input: Michael Ruettgers , who had been executive vice president , operations , was named president and chief operating officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Michael Ruettgers was named president .','Michael Ruettgers was named chief operating officer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Executive vice president was operations .','Michael Ruettgers had been executive vice president .'))

Input: EMC manufactures data-storage systems for mainframes and minicomputers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: MCI Communications Corp. said it won a $ 27 million contract from Stuart-James Co. , a Denver investment banking concern , to provide voice and data telecommunications services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stuart-James Co. was a Denver investment banking concern .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MCI Communications Corp. said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Stuart-James Co. .','It won a $ 27 million contract .' ), 'This was to provide voice and data telecommunications services .')))

Input: The agreement calls for MCI to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service , a virtual private network service .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vnet service is a virtual private network service .', SUB/PURPOSE('The agreement calls for MCI .','This is to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service .'))

Input: Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's biggest investor , would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium , and analysts have speculated Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bond Corp. is British Satellite 's biggest investor .','Bond Corp. would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts have speculated .','Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake .'))

Input: But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Simonds-Gooding was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Simonds-Gooding said .','He is n't talking to any studios about investing .'))

Input: Besides Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's other backers include Pearson PLC , Reed International PLC and Granada Group PLC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is besides Bond Corp. .', CO/LIST('British Satellite 's other backers include Pearson PLC .','British Satellite 's other backers include Reed International PLC .','British Satellite 's other backers include Granada Group PLC .'))

Input: The bankers also insist that the loans depend on the consortium raising more money from new and existing backers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the bankers insist .', SUB/ELABORATION('The loans depend on the consortium .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from new and existing backers .','The consortium is raising more money .')))

Input: British Satellite faces competition from Sky Television , a satellite-TV venture begun last February and owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A satellite-TV venture begun last February and owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp were Sky Television .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from Sky Television .','British Satellite faces competition .'))

Input: But it showed strength throughout the session , hitting a low of only 2102.2 within the first few minutes of dealings .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was throughout the session .','But it showed strength .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the first few minutes of dealings .','But it was hitting a low of only 2102.2 .'))

Input: Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign-currency market and New York stocks , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in the foreign-currency market .','This was in New York stocks .' ), 'Investors mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty .' ), 'This was what traders said .' ), 'Investors took profits Friday .')

Input: The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which fell 15.82 points Friday , was down 5.16 points , or 0.19 % , at 2676.60 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues was down 5.16 points at 2676.60 .','The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues was down 0.19 % , at 2676.60 .' ), 'All issues were listed in the First Section .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues fell 15.82 points Friday .','All issues were listed in the First Section .'))

Input: The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Second Section index was down 21.44 points to close at 3636.06 .','The Second Section index was down 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 .' ), 'The Second Section index fell 36.87 points Friday .')

Input: Monday 's losers included railway , electric-utility and high-technology issues .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Another factor weighing on the Frankfurt market involves fears about the impending wage talks between the IG Metall metal-workers union and industry representatives , which could result in a wave of strikes next spring , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Another factor weighing on the Frankfurt market involves fears about the impending wage talks between the IG Metall metal-workers union .','Another factor weighing on the Frankfurt market involves fears about the impending wage talks between industry representatives .' ), 'This was what traders said .' )CO/LIST('The IG Metall metal-workers union could result in a wave of strikes next spring .','Industry representatives could result in a wave of strikes next spring .'))

Input: Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington .',', Stocks closed higher .' ), ', Stocks were lower in Singapore .')

Input: The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million -LRB- $ 473 million -RRB- and # 400 million , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The British chemical and textile company 's plan would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million -LRB- $ 473 million -RRB- .','The British chemical and textile company 's plan would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 400 million .' ), 'This was what analysts said .' ), 'The British chemical and textile company 's plan requires shareholder approval .')

Input: Even without a specific takeover threat , Courtaulds is giving shareholders choice and value , said Julia Blake , an analyst at London stockbrokers Barclays de Zoete Wedd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The sharper definition will benefit shareholders , customers and employees .','The autonomy will benefit shareholders , customers and employees .' ), 'The autonomy each will thereby gain .')

Input: Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Christopher Hogg is Chief Executive Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff .',', Courtaulds Chairman and Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts .'))

Input: Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials said .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('They were n't sure .','The money will be distributed among overseas units .' )SUB/ELABORATION('They added .','NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority .')))

Input: Japan 's steel exports fell 12.2 % in September from a year earlier and were down 1.1 % from the previous month , the Japan Iron and Steel Federation reported .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .','Japan 's steel exports fell 12.2 % .' ), 'Japan 's steel exports were down 1.1 % from the previous month .' ), 'This was what the Japan Iron and Steel Federation reported .'))

Input: Japanese steel companies are apparently focusing on domestic sales , but the official said it does n't necessarily mean that local sales contracts are increasing that markedly .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Japanese steel companies are apparently focusing on domestic sales .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the official said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It does n't necessarily mean .','Local sales contracts are increasing that markedly .')))

Input: Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Congress and President .', CO/CONTRAST('The Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow .', SUB/CONDITION('It could be delayed .','Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity .')))

Input: A spokesman for New York City Comptroller Harrison Goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Harrison Goldin was New York City Comptroller .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for Harrison Goldin said .','The high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties .'))

Input: New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('New York bonds rose 1\/2 point yesterday .', CO/LIST('New York bonds have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what New York bonds reports .','The city 's economy is growing weaker .')))

Input: Those rates are up from 7.52 % and 7.50 % , respectively , at last week 's auction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is respectively .', CO/LIST('Those rates are up from 7.52 % at last week 's auction .','Those rates are up from 7.50 % at last week 's auction .'))

Input: Here are details of yesterday 's three-month and six-month bill auction :
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bills are dated Oct. 31 and mature Dec. 21 , 1989 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday , Western Union 's senior secured reset notes fell 3 3\/4 points , or about $ 37.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to close at 50 1\/4 .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Yesterday , Western Union 's senior secured reset notes fell 33\/4 points .','Yesterday , Western Union 's senior secured reset notes fell about $ 37.50 .' ), 'This was to close at 501\/4 .'))

Input: The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1\/4 and an offered price of 30 , while the 10 3\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3\/4 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 141\/4 .','The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at an offered price of 30 .' )CO/LIST('The 103\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 .','The 103\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being offered at around 343\/4 .'))

Input: High-yield traders said spreads between the bid and offered prices of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time , and in certain cases , bids for Western Union securities are not available .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what high-yield traders said .',', Spreads between the bid and offered prices of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in certain cases .','Bids for Western Union securities are not available .'))

Input: The two-part issue consists of $ 200 million of senior subordinated reset notes maturing in 1997 and $ 150 million of subordinated floating rate notes also maturing in 1997 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The two-part issue consists of $ 200 million of senior subordinated reset notes .','The two-part issue consists of $ 150 million of subordinated floating rate notes .' ), ', Subordinated floating rate notes were maturing in 1997 .' ), ', Senior subordinated reset notes were maturing in 1997 .')

Input: Portfolio managers said expectations are for the issue to be priced at a discount with a coupon of 13 3\/4 % and a yield of about 14 % .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Portfolio managers said .', CO/LIST('Expectations are for the issue to be priced at a discount with a coupon of 133\/4 % .','Expectations are for the issue to be priced at a discount with a yield of about 14 % .'))

Input: Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery finished at 98 1\/2 , up 4\/32 , and its 10 % issue at 102 3\/8 , up 4\/32 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('981\/2 was up 4\/32 .','981\/2 was its 10 % issue at 1023\/8 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 4\/32 .','Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery finished at 981\/2 .'))

Input: In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the derivative market .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities .','Insurance companies have scaled back real estate mortgage investment conduits .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas .','They assess potential claims .')))

Input: Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Merrill Lynch Capital Markets was the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market .','Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .' ), 'The home-equity securities market was created early this year .')

Input: The MOB spread , or difference between the municipal and T-bond futures contracts , has been near all-time lows in recent trading , driven basically by concerns that new-issue supply would overwhelm demand .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent trading .','The MOB spread , or difference between the municipal and T-bond futures contracts , has been near all-time lows .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Recent trading was driven basically by concerns .','New-issue supply would overwhelm demand .'))

Input: He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he explained , in part .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was both for companies inside and outside the European Community .','Restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 has become more of a strategic priority .'))

Input: Gen-Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gen-Probe Inc. was a biotechnology concern .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gen-Probe Inc. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It signed a definitive agreement .','This was to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock .')))

Input: It is also likely to bolster fears that the Japanese will use their foothold in U.S. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That arrangement apparently has worked well .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The sale of the company means .','We will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing .')))

Input: Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies ; it has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , and a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co. , Kalamazoo , Mich .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is Kalamazoo , Mich .', CO/LIST('It has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc. .','It has an equity investment in Cambridge .','It has an equity investment in Mass. .','It has an equity investment in a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co. .')))

Input: Mr. Bologna said the sale would allow Gen-Probe to speed up the development of new technology , and to more quickly apply existing technology to an array of diagnostic products the company wants to offer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bologna was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bologna said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to an array of diagnostic products .', SUB/ELABORATION('The sale would allow Gen-Probe to speed up the development of new technology , and to more quickly apply existing technology .','The company wants to offer existing technology .'))))

Input: By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the Food and Drug Administration .','Only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 1988 .','Eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe .'))

Input: Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Chugai was much money .', SUB/ELABORATION('Osamu Nagayama was deputy president of Chugai .','Osamu Nagayama was unable to pinpoint how Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on research and development .',', Chugai spends about 15 % of its sales .')))

Input: He and Mr. Bologna emphasized that both companies would gain technological knowledge through the sale of Gen-Probe , which will expand significantly as a result of the acquisition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bologna was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he and Bologna emphasized .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through the sale of Gen-Probe .','Both companies would gain technological knowledge .' ), 'The sale of Gen-Probe will expand significantly as a result of the acquisition .')))

Input: Recently , Gen-Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non-viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was recently .','Gen-Probe received .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A broad U.S. patent for a technology called ribosomal RNA .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through the targeting of a form of genetic material .','A technology helps detect , identify and quantify non-viral organisms .')))

Input: Among other things , Mr. Bologna said that the sale will facilitate Gen-Probe 's marketing of a diagnostic test for acquired immune deficiency syndrome , or AIDS .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bologna was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bologna said among other things .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The sale will facilitate Gen-Probe 's marketing of a diagnostic test for acquired immune deficiency syndrome .','The sale will facilitate AIDS .')))

Input: Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in Asia , Mr. Bologna said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bologna was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Asia .',', Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise .' ), 'This was what Bologna said .'))

Input: But after a few pleasantries , the Soviets unexpectedly got serious .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The visitors then listed technologies up for sale , including launch services and propulsion hardware .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including launch services .','This was including propulsion hardware .' ), 'The visitors then listed technologies up for sale .')

Input: It 's a world leader in semiconductors , but behind the U.S. in making the computers that use those chips .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in semiconductors , but behind the U.S. in .','It 's a world leader .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It is making the computers .','The computers use those chips .'))

Input: It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing , but its aviation industry is struggling , and its space program is years behind the U.S. , the Europeans and the Soviets .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's a world leader in auto manufacturing .', CO/LIST('Its aviation industry is struggling .', CO/LIST('Its space program is years behind the U.S. .','Its space program is years behind the Europeans .','Its space program is years behind the Soviets .')))

Input: Many plants that used to make military equipment are now being ordered to produce televisions , videocassette recorders , small tractors and food-processing machinery .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Many plants are now being ordered to produce televisions .','Many plants are now being ordered to produce videocassette recorders .','Many plants are now being ordered to produce small tractors .','Many plants are now being ordered to produce food-processing machinery .' ), 'Many plants used to make military equipment .')

Input: Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 and used it for 14 years until it developed its own system .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Kobe Steel Ltd. adopted Soviet casting technology in 1966 .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 14 years .','Kobe Steel Ltd. used it .' ), 'It developed its own system .'))

Input: Kawasaki Steel Corp. bought a Soviet steel-casting patent two years ago and has jointly developed the system with the Soviets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Kawasaki Steel Corp. bought a Soviet steel-casting patent two years ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Soviets .','Kawasaki Steel Corp. has jointly developed the system .'))

Input: We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , says a State Department official .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know-how if the price is right .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they believe .','Technology is one of their best bets .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some Soviet officials say .', SUB/CONDITION('Moscow will even consider declassifying military know-how .','The price is right .')))

Input: The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Soviets held export exhibitions .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in New York .','This was in West Germany .' ), 'Export exhibitions included high-tech items .'))

Input: In August , representatives of Keidanren , Japan 's largest business organization , visited Moscow to explore exports and investments that would help the Soviet economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Representatives of Keidanren were Japan 's largest business organization .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','Representatives of Keidanren visited Moscow to explore exports and investments .' ), 'Exports and investments would help the Soviet economy .'))

Input: These mainly involved such areas as materials -- advanced soldering machines , for example -- and medical developments derived from experimentation in space , such as artificial blood vessels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as artificial blood vessels .','This was as materials -- advanced soldering machines -- and medical developments derived from experimentation in space .' ), 'These mainly involved such areas .'))

Input: But , while the Soviets ca n't expect direct technology flow from Japan , they also hope to benefit from Japanese manufacturing expertise .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is from Japan .','The Soviets ca n't expect direct technology flow .' ), 'But , they also hope to benefit from Japanese manufacturing expertise .')

Input: And what they have shown is n't impressive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It took effect after seven years of bitter debate between the Securities and Exchange Commission and traders and exchanges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was after seven years of bitter debate between the Securities and Exchange Commission .','This was after seven years of traders and exchanges .' ), 'It took effect .')

Input: Institutions had become active market players in the early 1970s and sought exchange seats to handle their own trades .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the early 1970s and sought exchange seats .','Institutions had become active market players .' ), 'This was to handle their own trades .')

Input: And the industry was rife with brokers trying to secure big client orders by using kickbacks , gifts , women and junkets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the industry was rife with brokers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by using kickbacks , gifts , women and junkets .','Brokers were trying to secure big client orders .'))

Input: Ray Garrett Jr. , SEC chairman , said the breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ray Garrett Jr. was SEC chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ray Garrett Jr. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The breadth and depth of the discounting is more .','I expected .')))

Input: The change prompted the rise of discount brokers and a reduction in securities research firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in securities research firms .', CO/LIST('The change prompted the rise of discount brokers .','The change prompted the rise of a reduction .'))

Input: But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is than in 1975 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the bigger houses .','But there are currently more exchange members .' ), 'The bigger houses are gaining a larger share of total commissions .'))

Input: Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush announced several weeks ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('He intended to send such a mission .',', Such a mission was composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders .')))

Input: Mr. Bush said the group is to focus on economic sectors where U.S. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush said .','The group is to focus on economic sectors where U.S. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference .'))

Input: Warner Communications Inc. is close to an agreement to back a new recorded music and music publishing company in partnership with Irving Azoff , who resigned in September as head of MCA Inc. 's MCA Records unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in partnership with Irving Azoff .','Warner Communications Inc. is close to an agreement to back a new recorded music and music publishing company .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as head of MCA Inc. 's MCA Records unit .','Irving Azoff resigned in September .'))

Input: Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment , as did MCA , where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Azoff was Warner and Mr. .','Azoff declined comment , as did MCA .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Azoff was Mr. .','Azoff had also been discussing such a venture .'))

Input: But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Azoff was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what record industry executives familiar with the talks said .', SUB/PURPOSE('Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday .','This was to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Azoff .')))

Input: But Mr. Azoff had been negotiating for more than a year to get out of his MCA contract , which expired in 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Azoff was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('But Azoff had been negotiating for more than a year .','This was to get out of his MCA contract .' ), 'His MCA contract expired in 1991 .'))

Input: Mr. Azoff reportedly was bored and frequently clashed with top MCA management over a number of issues such as compensation and business plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Azoff was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Azoff reportedly was bored .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over a number of issues such as compensation and business plans .','Azoff reportedly frequently clashed with top MCA management .')))

Input: I ate a bad tuna sandwich , got food poisoning and had to have a shot in my shoulder , he says , making it too painful to row .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('I ate a bad tuna sandwich .','I got food poisoning .','I had to have a shot in my shoulder .' ), 'This is what he says , making it too painful to row .')

Input: Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what fewer people said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics .','They were working up a sweat with such activities .'))

Input: The survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Golf was a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in golf .','The survey also detected a bit more interest .'))

Input: With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: On a video screen , riders can see 30 different rides , including urban , mountain and desert scenes , and check how many calories are burned a minute .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a video screen .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including urban , mountain and desert scenes .', CO/LIST('Riders can see 30 different rides .','Riders can check how many calories are burned a minute .')))

Input: I spent so much money that if I look at it , and I 'm not on it , I feel guilty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I spent so much money .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('If I look at it , and I 'm not on it .','This is what i feel guilty .'))

Input: This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This suggests .',', Couch potatoes are out of season .'))

Input: People say they swim , and that may mean they 've been to the beach this year , says Krys Spain , research specialist for the President 's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', So many people fudge on answers about exercise .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous .','It must produce contractions of large muscle groups .' ), 'The president 's council now must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of 20 minutes .','The president 's council now must be done three or more times a week for a minimum .')))

Input: Of 14 activities , the Journal survey found that 12 -- including bicycling , skiing and swimming -- are being done by fewer Americans today than eight years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of 14 activities .','The Journal survey found .' ), '12 -- including bicycling , skiing and swimming -- are being done by fewer Americans today than eight years ago .')

Input: It 's an activity she feels she can do for life , and by pulling a golf cart , she still gets a good workout .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's an activity .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what she feels .',', She can do for life an activity .' )CO/LIST(', She is pulling a golf cart .',', She still gets a good workout .')))

Input: And it 's relaxing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You have a headache .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is sometimes .','You can go out .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is sometimes .','You can walk it right off .')))

Input: But at least they show up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Feeling they should devote more time to their families or their jobs , many yuppies are skipping their once-sacred workout .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Many yuppies are feeling .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is to their families .','This is to their jobs .' ), 'They should devote more time .' ), 'Many yuppies are skipping their once-sacred workout .'))

Input: The American Bowling Congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress was The American Bowling .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Congress claims .', CO/CONTRAST('A higher percentage of the public bowls regularly .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a higher percentage of the public concedes .','Its membership has declined this decade .'))))

Input: Your were on target regarding industry problems , but wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST('Your were on target .','Wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company .' )CO/CONTRAST('Target was regarding industry problems .','Wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company .'))

Input: Chairman and CEO Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. Owings Mills , Md .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For starters , some people call Ed and Lorraine Warren .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for starters .', CO/LIST(', Some people call Ed .',', Some people call Lorraine Warren .'))

Input: They claim to have busted spirits , poltergeists and other spooks in hundreds of houses around the country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in hundreds of houses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was around the country .', CO/LIST('They claim to have busted spirits .','They claim to have poltergeists .','They claim to have other spooks .')))

Input: They say they now get three or four legitimate calls a week from people harried by haunts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they say .', SUB/ELABORATION('They now get three or four legitimate calls a week from people .','People were harried by haunts .'))

Input: I firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , says Mr. Warren , whose business card identifies him as a demonologist .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Busch says there is a scientific explanation for all haunts , and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Busch is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Busch says .','There is a scientific explanation for all haunts .' )SUB/PURPOSE('He can even tell you .','This is to encourage the spirits .')))

Input: All you have to do is eat a big pizza , and then go to bed , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('All is eat a big pizza .','You have to do All .' )SUB/ELABORATION('All is go to bed .','You have to do All .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: Tales of haunts and horrors are proliferating beyond the nation 's Elm Streets and Amityvilles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine , a third of those queried said they believe that ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a third of those queried said in a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they believe .','Ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people .'))

Input: Mr. Baker drives a 1987 Chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Baker is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Baker drives a 1987 Chevy .','Baker usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays .'))

Input: I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , she says , eyes wide at the recollection .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(CO/LIST('I was doing the laundry .', SUB/ELABORATION('I nearly broke my neck .','My neck was running upstairs to see who was there .' ), 'It was nobody .' ), 'This is what she says , eyes wide at the recollection .'))

Input: Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Baker is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Baker hears her out .','Baker pokes around a bit .','Baker asks a few questions .','Baker proposes some explanations .'))

Input: The ghostly footsteps : Interstate 64 is a block away , and heavy traffic can sure set a house to vibrating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hyman was Mr. .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Oregon 's Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats .','Oregon 's Hyman has investigated claims of apparitions .','Oregon 's Hyman has investigated claims of bouncing chandeliers .' ), 'Oregon 's Hyman has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one .'))

Input: He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He showed up with a carpenter 's level .','He carefully measured every surface .', SUB/ELABORATION('He showed .','The apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective .'))

Input: A very striking illusion , Mr. Hyman says now , his voice dripping with skepticism , but an illusion nevertheless .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hyman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hyman is a very striking illusion .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a very striking illusion says now .', CO/CONTRAST('His voice dripping with skepticism .','An illusion nevertheless .'))))

Input: The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Alphonsus Trabold was The Rev. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alphonsus Trabold was a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. .','Alphonsus Trabold frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits .' ), 'He often obliges .'))

Input: On certain occasions a spirit could be earthbound and make itself known , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on certain occasions .','A spirit could be earthbound .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on certain occasions .','A spirit could make itself known .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: Father Trabold often uses what he calls a therapeutic exorcism : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trabold is Father .', SUB/ELABORATION('Trabold often uses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the spirit to leave .', CO/LIST('He calls a therapeutic exorcism .','He calls a few prayers .','He calls an admonition .'))))

Input: I attend , and so does a television crew from New York City .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I attend .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is from New York City .','I so does a television crew .'))

Input: A Scottish dwarf built the small red house 110 years ago and now his demonic ghost haunts it , Mr. Warren says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Warren is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('A Scottish dwarf built the small red house 110 years ago .','Now his demonic ghost haunts it .' ), 'This is what Warren says .'))

Input: The owner , who begs anonymity , asserts that the dwarf , appearing as a dark shadow , has manhandled her , tossing her around the living room and yanking out a hank of hair .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the owner asserts .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was around the living room .','The dwarf has manhandled her , tossing her and yanking out a hank of hair .' ), 'The dwarf was appearing as a dark shadow .' ), 'The owner begs anonymity .'))

Input: Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A half-hour later , the woman is smiling and chatting ; the demon seems to have gone .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is a half-hour later .','The woman is smiling and chatting .' ), 'The demon seems to have gone .')

Input: But Mr. Warren says the woman has psychic burns on her back from the confrontation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Warren is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Warren says .','The woman has psychic burns on her back from the confrontation .'))

Input: But survivors earn more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to much nonessential building .','But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt .' )CO/LIST('But heavy rains last week slowed the rest .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for earthquake repairs .','But heavy rains last week were freeing construction workers .')))

Input: In recent months , California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for engineers .','Engineers were experienced in road and bridge design .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent months .',', California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas .'))

Input: But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , there are n't too many to choose from , says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', CO/LIST('The department now has 75 openings .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is over the next 15 months .','The department wants to hire 625 civil engineers .')))

Input: Employee-benefit specialists drew a collective sigh of relief in early October when the Labor Department backed away from a proposal that companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401 -LRB- k -RRB- and similar savings plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in early October .','Employee-benefit specialists drew a collective sigh of relief .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Labor Department backed away from a proposal .', CO/LIST(', Companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401 -LRB- k -RRB- .',', Companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in similar savings plans .')))

Input: Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But violation could bring substantial tax penalties to both employer and employees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to both employer .','This is to employees .' ), 'But violation could bring substantial tax penalties .')

Input: But three out of four managers ca n't accurately state the value of their own packages , consultant Noble Lowndes says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noble Lowndes is consultant .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But three out of four managers ca n't accurately state the value of their own packages .','This is what Noble Lowndes says .'))

Input: Only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days , consultant Towers Perrin says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Perrin is Towers .','Perrin is consultant .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days .','This is what Towers Perrin says .'))

Input: Hyatt Corp. hires a University of Wyoming graduate with degrees in geology and petroleum engineering for $ 7.50 an hour to tend wood fires at a Colorado ski resort ... .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for $ 7.50 an hour .','Hyatt Corp. hires a University of Wyoming graduate with degrees in geology and petroleum engineering ... .' ), 'This is to tend wood fires at a Colorado ski resort .')

Input: Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a vengeance .','Democracy is making a return .'))

Input: The candidates have been crisscrossing this huge country of 145 million people , holding rallies and televised debates in hope of being elected to what must be one of the world 's most thankless political jobs : trying to drag Brazil out of its economic and social mess .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But after building up a commanding lead , the moderate to conservative Mr. Collor has slipped to about 30 % in the polls from a high of about 43 % only a few weeks ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Collor was conservative Mr. .', SUB/TEMPORAL('But the moderate to Collor was building up a commanding lead .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a high of about 43 % only a few weeks ago .','But , the moderate to Collor has slipped to about 30 % in the polls .')))

Input: The big question is whether the new president will have the strength and the political support in Congress to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The big question is .', CO/LIST('The new president will have the strength to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills .','The new president will have the political support in Congress to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills .'))

Input: And where we are is bad .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago , but Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in August and September .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before .','Argentina was bringing the rate down sharply in August and September .'))

Input: About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the government .', CO/LIST('The short-term money market acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers .','The short-term money market acts both as a hedge against an accelerator of inflation and deficits .')))

Input: Economists , businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what economists , businessmen and some politicians agree .', CO/LIST('The answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze .','The answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a devaluation of the cruzado .'))

Input: The 67-year-old Mr. Brizola has been vague about his intentions and often inflammatory in his rhetoric , but analysts say he probably would be pragmatic .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Brizola was The 67-year-old Mr. .','Brizola has been vague about his intentions and often inflammatory in his rhetoric .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .','He probably would be pragmatic .'))

Input: WHICH IS the best medicine for runaway health costs : competition or regulation ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Jones is Humana 's chief executive .', CO/LIST('But according to David Jones , it promotes technology monopolies .','But according to David Jones , it stifles innovation .','But according to David Jones , it raises prices .'))

Input: But Humana says its own facilities could serve its insured for less if they were properly equipped .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Humana says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for less if they were properly equipped .','Its own facilities could serve its insured .'))

Input: And 81 % preferred a group practice or health maintenance organization , while just 11 % favored solo practice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It reflects values of a generation that wants more time for families and personal interests , says John H. Moxley III , who directs physician-executive searches for Korn\/Ferry International .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 12-bed cooperative care unit is one of about 18 nationwide where a family member or friend helps care for a patient in the hospital .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health-care team when they get home .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('It helps us .','It helps them .' ), 'They 're here .' ), 'It certainly makes them a better health-care team when they get home .')

Input: Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from nurses .','This is from other staff .' ), 'Patients require less attention .' ), 'Room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital .')

Input: Cancer patients needing prolonged radiation therapy , diabetics learning to manage their blood sugar levels , and cardiac bypass patients are among those who spend time on cooperative-care units .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Cancer patients needing prolonged radiation therapy , diabetics learning to manage their blood sugar levels .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Cardiac bypass patients are among those .','Those spend time on cooperative-care units .'))

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one-third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees .','THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for at least one-third of a hospital 's budget .' )CO/LIST('A head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees .','A head nurse typically oversees $ 8 million .'))

Input: So says the Commonwealth Fund , a New York philanthropist that 's sponsoring a $ 1 million project to develop joint masters in business and nursing programs at 10 universities ... .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight-Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press for $ 68 million but has left unclear how the offer will be financed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for $ 68 million .','A group of Michigan investors has offered to buy Knight-Ridder Inc. 's ailing Detroit Free Press .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A group of Michigan investors has left unclear .','The offer will be financed .'))

Input: The group led by Birmingham , Mich. , publicist William D. McMaster did n't name an investment banker backing the deal or say how much its members will contribute to the offer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William D. McMaster was publicist .', CO/DISJUNCTION(CO/LIST('The group led by Birmingham , Mich. , William D. McMaster did n't name an investment banker .','The group led by Birmingham , Mich. , William D. McMaster was backing the deal .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the group led by Birmingham , Mich. , William D. McMaster say .','How much its members will contribute to the offer .')))

Input: But in an interview , Mr. McMaster said he and his investment banker would need access to full financial records before firming up the offer .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('McMaster was Mr. .','But in an interview , McMaster said he .' )SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to full financial records .','But in an interview , his investment banker would need access before .' ), 'But in an interview , his investment banker is firming up the offer .'))

Input: NRM Energy Co. said it filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what NRM Energy Co. said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','It filed materials .' )SUB/PURPOSE('It was calling for it .','This was to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership .')))

Input: NRM suspended its common distribution in June 1988 and the distribution on its $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units in September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on its $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units .', CO/LIST('This was in June 1988 .','This was in the distribution .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','NRM suspended its common distribution .')))

Input: As part of the transaction , Edisto agreed to give Mesa , an Amarillo , Texas , oil and gas partnership managed by T. Boone Pickens Jr. , a seat on its board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Mesa was an Amarillo , Texas , oil and gas partnership .','An Amarillo , Texas , oil and gas partnership were managed by T. Boone Pickens Jr. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of the transaction .','Edisto agreed to give Mesa a seat on its board .'))

Input: USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto .', SUB/CONDITION('USG Corp. will lease the 19-story facility .','It moves to a new quarters in 1992 .'))

Input: The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over program trading .', CO/LIST('The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market .','The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by the tumult .'))

Input: Now everything -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Reinvested dividends are excluded .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , investors put in only $ 340 million more .','They pulled out for the month .'))

Input: Small net inflows into stock and bond funds were offset by slight declines in the value of mutual fund stock and bond portfolios stemming from falling prices , said Jacob Dreyer , the institute 's chief economist .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $ 5 billion in September , the institute said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $ 5 billion .' ), 'This was what the institute said .')

Input: But he emphasized that new accounts , new sales , inquiries and subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he emphasized .', CO/LIST('New accounts are all up this month from September 's level .','New sales are all up this month from September 's level .','Inquiries are all up this month from September 's level .',', Subsequent sales of stock funds are all up this month from September 's level .'))

Input: These managers held 9.8 % of assets in cash at the end of September , down from 10.2 % in August and 10.6 % in September 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the end of September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in cash .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from 10.2 % in August and 10.6 % in September 1988 .','These managers held 9.8 % of assets .')))

Input: Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from market declines .','Large cash positions help buffer funds .' ), 'Large cash positions can cut down on gains in rising markets .')

Input: Secretary of State Baker , we read , decided to kill a speech that Robert Gates , deputy national security adviser and a career Soviet expert , was going to give to a student colloquium , the National Collegiate Security Conference .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Baker was Secretary of State .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Robert Gates was deputy national security adviser .','Robert Gates was a career Soviet expert .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A student colloquium was the National Collegiate Security Conference .','Baker , we read , decided to kill a speech that Robert Gates was going to give to a student colloquium .')))

Input: Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for a stable currency , free and competitive markets , private property and real prices and other pie-in-the-sky reforms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for a stable currency .','This was for free and competitive markets .','This was for private property and real prices .','This was for other pie-in-the-sky reforms .' ), 'Perhaps he might have cited Gorbachev 's need .'))

Input: Or political arrangements to alleviate the grievances and demands of Soviet ethnic minorities and republics .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If Mr. Gates had been allowed to say these things , we would now be hearing about discord and disarray on foreign policy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gates is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('Gates had been allowed to say these things .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on foreign policy .','We would now be hearing about discord and disarray .')))

Input: But everyone agrees that Mr. Gorbachev 's problems result from the failure of his own system .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what everyone agrees .','Gorbachev 's problems result from the failure of his own system .'))

Input: GATT membership will not matter to Donbas coal miners short of soap , nor will a START treaty make any difference to Ukrainian nationalists .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As one unidentified official clearly in the late stages of the disease told the Times : Baker just felt that there were some lines in the speech that could be misinterpreted and seized by the press .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as one .','Unidentified official clearly in the late stages of the disease told the Times .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Baker felt .', SUB/ELABORATION('There were some lines in the speech .','The speech could be misinterpreted and seized by the press .')))

Input: Surely there is someone in the administration , maybe Bob Gates , who could explain them to college students , or even schoolchildren .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Surely there is someone in the administration , maybe Bob Gates .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is to college students .','This is to even schoolchildren .' ), 'Bob Gates could explain them .'))

Input: Mr. Jordan has served as executive director of the United Negro College Fund , director of the Voter Education Project of the Southern Regional Council and attorney-consultant to the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jordan was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Jordan has served as executive director of the United Negro College Fund .','Jordan has served as director of the Voter Education Project of the Southern Regional Council .','Jordan has served as attorney-consultant to the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity .'))

Input: Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant .', SUB/PURPOSE('Two gunmen ordered two employees .','This was to lie on the floor .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the backs of their heads .','Two gunmen shot them .'))

Input: There 's just one problem : The law that Sen. Thurmond is pushing would be irrelevant in the case of the Maryland restaurant murders and almost all other killings .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There 's just one problem .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thurmond is that Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thurmond is The law .', CO/LIST('Thurmond is pushing would be irrelevant in the case of the Maryland restaurant murders .','Thurmond is pushing would be irrelevant in almost all other killings .'))))

Input: For instance , juries would have to consider specific aggravating and mitigating factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is before deciding whether to condemn someone to death .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for instance .','Juries would have to consider specific aggravating and mitigating factors .'))

Input: But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides .','But congressional Democrats have blocked the same .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides .','But congressional Democrats were occurring at the federal level .')))

Input: Among these crimes are murder on federal land , presidential assassination and espionage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among these .', CO/LIST(', Crimes are murder on federal land .',', Crimes are murder on presidential assassination .',', Crimes are murder on espionage .'))

Input: Most of the crimes incorporated in the Thurmond bill are exceedingly rare -- killing a Supreme Court justice , for instance , or deliberately causing a train wreck that results in a death .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for instance .','Most of the crimes are exceedingly rare -- killing a Supreme Court justice or deliberately causing a train wreck .' ), 'The crimes are incorporated in the Thurmond bill .' ), 'A train wreck results in a death .')

Input: It 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together on drug enforcement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together on drug enforcement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from serious issues .','It 's distracting attention .'))

Input: Republicans acknowledge that few people would be executed under the Thurmond bill , but they contend that is n't the point .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Republicans acknowledge .','Few people would be executed under the Thurmond bill .' ), 'They contend that is n't the point .')

Input: And it would shift the burden to prosecutors to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to prosecutors .','And it would shift the burden .' ), 'This was to disprove that discrimination caused any statistical racial disparities .')

Input: Conservatives question the validity of the studies and note that the Supreme Court ruled in 1987 that such research , regardless of its accuracy , is n't relevant to a constitutional attack on a particular death sentence .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Conservatives question the validity of the studies .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what conservatives note .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Supreme Court ruled in 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is regardless of its accuracy .',', Such research is n't relevant to a constitutional attack on a particular death sentence .'))))

Input: Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death-penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital-punishment defense team .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Kennedy failed to get his amendment incorporated into last year 's anti-drug legislation , and it will be severely attacked on the Senate floor this time around .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kennedy was Mr. .','Kennedy failed to get his amendment incorporated into last year 's anti-drug legislation .' ), 'It will be severely attacked on the Senate floor this time around .')

Input: But if it survives , it could prompt other statutory changes , according to the Mr. Burr .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Burr is the Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('It survives .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Burr .','But , it could prompt other statutory changes .')))

Input: It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders who torture their victims , perhaps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It might force Congress to narrow the death penalty only to convictions .','It might force the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was perhaps .',', Convictions were shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders .' ), 'Murders by repeat offenders torture their victims .'))

Input: And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in turn .','And that would only strengthen the argument of those .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is under any circumstances .','Those oppose execution .'))

Input: Vice Chancellor Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments for more than two hours here , but he made no comment and asked no questions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Maurice A. Hartnett III was Vice Chancellor .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for more than two hours here .','Maurice A. Hartnett III of Delaware 's Court of Chancery heard arguments .' )CO/LIST('He made no comment .','He asked no questions .')))

Input: Dow Jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the remaining Telerate stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the remaining Telerate stake .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Dow Jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share .','Dow Jones has offered to pay about $ 576 million .'))

Input: Robert Kornreich , an attorney for the Telerate holders , told Judge Hartnett the Dow Jones offer is arrogant and hostile .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hartnett was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Kornreich was an attorney for the Telerate holders .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Kornreich told Hartnett .','The Dow Jones offer is arrogant and hostile Hartnett .')))

Input: Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal .','Dow Jones publishes Barron 's magazine .','Dow Jones publishes other periodicals .','Dow Jones publishes community newspapers .' ), 'Dow Jones operates electronic business information services .')

Input: Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 535,322 units in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .','Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % .' ), 'This was what the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said .'))

Input: Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Lone Star Technologies said it .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what its subsidiary 's creditors agree .','The parent company owes the unit money .' ), 'They have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount .'))

Input: The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in September .','The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment .' )CO/CONTRAST('A $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment was due .','A $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment was n't paid .'))

Input: Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under Chapter 11 .','A company continues to operate .' )CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under Chapter 11 .','A company is protected from creditor lawsuits .' ), 'It tries to work out a plan to pay its debt .'))

Input: But as Judge Thomas M. Jenkins donned his robes so he could give final approval , the major earthquake struck , its epicenter not far from his courtroom in Redwood City , Calif .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thomas M. Jenkins was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Thomas M. Jenkins donned his robes .','He could give final approval .' ), 'But , the major earthquake struck , its epicenter not far from his courtroom in Redwood City , Calif .'))

Input: At stake was an $ 80,000 settlement involving who should pay what share of cleanup costs at the site of a former gas station , where underground fuel tanks had leaked and contaminated the soil .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was rattled -- both literally and figuratively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jeffrey Kaufman was an attorney for Fireman 's Fund .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jeffrey Kaufman said for the record .','He was rattled -- both literally and figuratively .'))

Input: I did n't know if it was World War III or what , says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J .
Prediction: NONE

Input: David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David R. Jackson was formerly vice president .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products .','David R. Jackson managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant .'))

Input: Indeed , the art of doctoring does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is indeed .','The art of doctoring does contribute to better health results .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is indeed .','The art of doctoring discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation .'))

Input: Even brief conversations can show caring and trust , and need not restrict the efficiency of the communication or restrain the doctor 's earnings .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Even brief conversations can show caring and trust .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Even brief conversations need not restrict the efficiency of the communication .','Even brief conversations need not restrain the doctor 's earnings .'))

Input: And it is estimated that more than 20 % of that , $ 70 billion , goes to defensive medicine -- those measures taken by doctors to protect themselves from the most unlikely possibilities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('More than 20 % of that was $ 70 billion .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it is estimated .','More than 20 % of that goes to defensive medicine -- those measures taken by doctors to protect themselves from the most unlikely possibilities .'))

Input: Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee A. Iacocca was Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chrysler Corp. . Lee A. Iacocca said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is because of the slowdown .','The slowdown is hitting the industry .' ), 'The nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants .')))

Input: In an interview with the trade journal Automotive News , Mr. Iacocca declined to say which plants will close or when Chrysler will make the moves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Automotive News was the trade journal .', SUB/ELABORATION('Iacocca was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an interview with Automotive News .','Iacocca declined to say which plants will close or when Chrysler will make the moves .')))

Input: So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants recently because of excess inventories of vehicles built there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was recently because of excess inventories of vehicles .',', Chrysler has had to temporarily close the St. Louis and Toledo plants .' ), 'Vehicles were built there .')

Input: General Motors Corp. has signaled that as many as five of its U.S. and Canadian plants may not survive the mid-1990s as it struggles to trim its excess vehicle-production capacity .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what General Motors Corp. has signaled .', SUB/ELABORATION('As many as five of its U.S. and Canadian plants may not survive the mid-1990s .','It struggles to trim its excess vehicle-production capacity .'))

Input: With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so-called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(CO/LIST('This is with companies such as Honda Motor Co. .','This is with companies such as Toyota Motor Corp. .','This is with companies such as Nissan Motor Co. .' ), 'This is running so-called transplant auto operations .' ), 'Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year .')

Input: The Japanese-managed plants eventually will have the capacity to build some 2.5 million vehicles in the U.S. and that will translate into market share that is going to have to come out of somebody , he added .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Japanese-managed plants eventually will have the capacity to build some 2.5 million vehicles in the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('That will translate into market share , he added .','Market share is going to have to come out of somebody .'))

Input: However , the group is offering to pay off bondholders in cash only -- $ 260.5 million -- and no equity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', CO/LIST('The group is offering to pay off bondholders in cash only -- $ 260.5 million -- .','The group is offering to pay off bondholders in no equity .'))

Input: Revco received the offer Oct. 20 , but issued a response yesterday only after a copy of the proposal was made public by bondholders .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Revco received the offer Oct. 20 .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Revco issued a response yesterday .','A copy of the proposal was made public by bondholders .'))

Input: The company , based in Twinsburg , Ohio , said its operating profit before depreciation and amortization increased 51 % , to $ 9.2 million from $ 6.1 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company , based in Twinsburg , Ohio , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 6.1 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 9.2 million .','Its operating profit before depreciation and amortization increased 51 % .')))

Input: Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company and the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans , but little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer were Boake A. Sells .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer said .','Both the company and the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans .' )SUB/CAUSE('Little progress has been made .','Negotiations began this summer .')))

Input: Any reorganization proposal , Mr. Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company , bondholders , banks and other creditors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sells was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Any reorganization proposal , Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company .','Any reorganization proposal , Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by bondholders .','Any reorganization proposal , Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by banks .','Any reorganization proposal , Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by other creditors .'))

Input: We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We just want a plan .', CO/LIST('A plan satisfies creditors .','A plan at the end leaves a healthy Revco .'))

Input: But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schulte was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Schulte was the bondholders ' adviser .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Schulte said .', CO/LIST('Revco was dragging its feet in .','Revco was responding to the proposal .'))))

Input: Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was individually and cumulatively .','The losses were greater than the advances .'))

Input: Two of the major factors buoying prices , the prolonged strikes at the Highland Valley mine in Canada and the Cananea mine in Mexico , were finally resolved .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Two of the major factors were the prolonged strikes at the Highland Valley mine in Canada .','Two of the major factors were the prolonged strikes at the Cananea mine in Mexico .' ), 'The major factors were buoying prices .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Two of the major factors were finally resolved .','The major factors were buoying prices .'))

Input: Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was as Japan 's suppliers .','But , they are expected to resume their roles .'))

Input: However , traders disregarded a potential production disruption in Chile and a continued drop in inventories .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', CO/LIST('Traders disregarded a potential production disruption in Chile .','Traders disregarded a continued drop in inventories .'))

Input: But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly .', SUB/ELABORATION('Farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles .',', Stockpiles were depleted by the 1988 drought .'))

Input: Buying by the Soviets has helped to prop up corn prices in recent weeks , but a lack of any new purchases kept prices in the doldrums .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Buying by the Soviets has helped to prop up corn prices in recent weeks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the doldrums .','A lack of any new purchases kept prices .'))

Input: The reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags , the analyst said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said .','Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags .' ), 'This was what the analyst said .')

Input: Last week 's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety , he said , but yesterday the market lacked such stimuli .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to safety .','Last week 's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight .' ), 'Yesterday the market lacked such stimuli .')

Input: The dollar was also slightly firmer and prompted some selling , as well , according to the analyst .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The dollar was also slightly firmer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as well .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the analyst .','The dollar prompted some selling .')))

Input: Louisiana-Pacific Corp. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million of its common shares for employee stock plans and other general corporate purposes .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Louisiana-Pacific Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for employee stock plans .','This was for other general corporate purposes .' ), 'Its board authorized the purchase of as many as five million of its common shares .'))

Input: Their only doubt concerned the possibility that Mr. Gorbachev might not survive the opposition that his reforms would arouse and that the whole process might be reversed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was the possibility that Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Their only doubt concerned .','Gorbachev might not survive the opposition that his reforms would arouse and that the whole process might be reversed .'))

Input: Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And has he truly persuaded the Communist Party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('An alternative and more convincing explanation is .', CO/LIST('An alternative and more convincing explanation are confirmed by recent events .','An alternative and more convincing explanation are confirmed by a close inspection of the Gorbachev program .' ), 'The new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market .'))

Input: Before becoming self-employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet -LRB- council -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(CO/DISJUNCTION('Workers are becoming self-employed .','Workers are setting up a cooperative .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the local soviet -LRB- council -RRB- .','Workers must seek permission .'))

Input: Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions , and they appear to be exercising these powers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Permission is far from automatic .', CO/LIST('The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions .','They appear to be exercising these powers .'))

Input: Medical cooperatives , among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. , are banned from providing general-practitioner services -LRB- their main source of income -RRB- , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients , drug addicts and pregnant women .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was among the most successful in the U.S.S.R. .', CO/LIST('Medical cooperatives are banned from providing general-practitioner services -LRB- their main source of income -RRB- , carrying out surgery , and treating cancer patients .','Medical cooperatives are banned from providing general-practitioner services -LRB- their main source of income -RRB- , carrying out surgery , and treating drug addicts .','Medical cooperatives are banned from providing general-practitioner services -LRB- their main source of income -RRB- , carrying out surgery , and treating pregnant women .'))

Input: They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with order and discipline .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .','They promised to combine economic efficiency .'))

Input: This unification was to be brought about through policies and institutions that would unite workers and employers with government in a fully integrated and harmonic society .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This unification was to be brought about through policies and institutions .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with government in a fully integrated and harmonic society .','Policies and institutions would unite workers and employers .'))

Input: Instead , he proposed a law-governed economy , in which there would be a clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead .','He proposed a law-governed economy .' )CO/LIST('There would be a clear-cut division between state direction of the economy .','There would be a clear-cut division between economic management in a law-governed economy .'))

Input: Mr. Gorbachev is in a much stronger position to pursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini , who was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('Gorbachev is in a much stronger position .','This was to pursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini .' ), 'Mussolini was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat .'))

Input: To ensure the loyalty of the business sector , Mr. Gorbachev may offer concessions and powers that will allow the business community to preserve its own interests , probably by restricting competition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev is Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('This is to ensure the loyalty of the business sector .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev may offer concessions and powers .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Concessions and powers will allow the business community .','This is to preserve its own interests , probably by restricting competition .'))))

Input: By providing workers with the opportunity to move into the private sector where wages tend to be higher , and by holding out the promise of more consumer goods , Mr. Gorbachev hopes to revive the popularity of the party .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev is providing workers with the opportunity to move into the private sector where wages tend to be higher , and by .','Gorbachev is holding out the promise of more consumer goods .' ), 'Gorbachev hopes to revive the popularity of the party .'))

Input: An increasing number of references by the Soviet press to opposition groups now active in the U.S.S.R. , particularly the Democratic Union , allege that they show terroristic tendencies and claim that they would be prepared to kill in order to achieve their aims .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what an increasing number of references by the Soviet press to opposition groups now active in the U.S.S.R. , particularly the Democratic Union , allege .', CO/LIST('They show terroristic tendencies .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they claim .','They would be prepared to kill in order to achieve their aims .')))

Input: Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', CO/LIST('Gorbachev would appear to see his central task as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .','Gorbachev would appear to see his central task as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among capital are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .','Gorbachev would appear to see his central task as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo .')))

Input: If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('He were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system .', CO/DISJUNCTION('He would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe .','His heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe .'))

Input: The Northeast and West regions were unchanged .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Commercial and industrial construction rose sharply , partly because of three large projects , each expected to cost more than $ 100 million .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(CO/LIST(', Commercial rose sharply .','Industrial construction rose sharply .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was of three large projects .','Each expected to cost more than $ 100 million .'))

Input: Public-works and utility projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September , but the nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 52.2 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','Public-works and utility projects grew 18 % .' ), 'Public-works and utility projects were also known as non-building contracting .' ), 'The nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier .'))

Input: The Sept. 30 end of the federal fiscal year may have prodded contractors to get any behind-schedule road and bridge construction under way before the clock ran out , Mr. Christie said , referring to threatened 5 % across-the-board budget cuts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Christie was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE('The Sept. 30 end of the federal fiscal year may have prodded contractors .','This was to get any behind-schedule road and bridge construction under way before the clock ran out .' ), 'This was what Christie said , referring to threatened 5 % across-the-board budget cuts .'))

Input: In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single-A-3 from single-A-2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CS First Boston was downgrading .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Standard & Poor 's Corp. was the other major credit rating concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was several months ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single-A-3 from single-A-2 .','Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern .'))))

Input: Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Prime-1 rating was its highest .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was on CS First Boston 's commercial paper .','This was on short-term corporate IOUs .' ), 'Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating .'))

Input: In addition , Moody 's said it downgraded Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston 's senior and subordinated Swiss debt to single-A-2 from single-A-1 and lowered Financiere CSFB N.V. 's junior subordinated perpetual Eurodebt , guaranteed by Financiere Credit Suisse -- First Boston , to single-A-3 from single-A-2 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CSFB N.V. was lowered Financiere .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's said , guaranteed by Financiere Credit Suisse -- First Boston , to single-A-3 from single-A-2 in addition .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to single-A-2 from single-A-1 .','This was to CSFB N.V. 's junior subordinated perpetual Eurodebt .' ), 'It downgraded Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston 's senior and subordinated Swiss debt .')))

Input: Moody 's believes that the uncertain environment for merchant banking could put pressure on CS First Boston 's performance , the rating concern said , citing continued problems from the firm 's exposures to various Campeau-related firms and to Ohio Mattress .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Moody 's believes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on CS First Boston 's performance .','The uncertain environment for merchant banking could put pressure .' ), 'This was what the rating concern said , citing continued problems from the firm 's exposures to various Campeau-related firms and to Ohio Mattress .'))

Input: Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is over the next several months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 .','Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut 16 % , of its 2,500 employees .'))

Input: This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Independent providers of financial information , including Quotron , have been under some pressure as the major securities houses try to regain their hold on the production of market data and on the related revenue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Quotron .','Independent providers of financial information have been under some pressure .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the production of market data and on the related revenue .','The major securities houses try to regain their hold .'))

Input: The company has no immediate plans to close any operations , she said , but Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including refurbishment and production of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The company has no immediate plans to close any operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('Quotron may subcontract some work .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including refurbishment and production of Quotron 1000 equipment .','It has been doing in-house .' ), 'Quotron 1000 equipment was used in delivering financial data .')))

Input: The spokeswoman said the move is n't directly a response to Quotron 's loss of its two biggest customers , Merrill Lynch & Co. and American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , to Automated Data Processing Inc. earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the spokeswoman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to Automated Data Processing Inc. .', CO/LIST('The move is n't directly a response to Quotron 's loss of its two biggest customers earlier this year .','The move is n't directly a response to Quotron 's loss of Merrill Lynch & Co. earlier this year .','The move is n't directly a response to Quotron 's loss of American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. earlier this year .')))

Input: But Citicorp does view Quotron -RRB- as being crucial to the financial-services business in the 1990s , the analyst added .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials , but by the fourth game ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads to generate extra revenue .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials .', SUB/ELABORATION('ABC was the fourth game .', SUB/PURPOSE('By ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads .','This was to generate extra revenue .')))

Input: But other industry executives contend the losses could reach $ 250 million over four years and could go even higher if the World Series end in four-game romps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But other industry executives contend .', CO/LIST('The losses could reach $ 250 million over four years .', SUB/CONDITION('The losses could go even higher .','The World Series end in four-game romps .')))

Input: Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bargain hunters helped stock prices break a weeklong losing streak while bond prices and the dollar inched higher .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bargain hunters helped .', CO/CONTRAST(', Stock prices break a weeklong losing streak .', CO/LIST('Bond prices inched higher .','The dollar inched higher .')))

Input: But interest waned as the day wore on and investors looked ahead to the release later this week of two important economic reports .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But interest waned .','The day wore on .' ), 'But investors looked ahead to the release later this week of two important economic reports .')

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about an eighth of a point , or about $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about an eighth of a point .','The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about $ 1.25 .'))

Input: In late New York trading the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen Friday .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in late New York trading .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 1.8300 marks Friday .','This was compared with 141.65 yen Friday .' )CO/LIST('The dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks .','The dollar was quoted at 141.90 yen .')))

Input: Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie , but their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with rows of clerks .','Their offices are more like scenes from a Dickens novel .' ), ', Clerks are hunched over ledgers and abacuses .'))

Input: Kawasaki-Rikuso , a freight company , set up its own software subsidiary this year and is spending nearly a year 's profit to more than double the computer terminals at its main office .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kawasaki-Rikuso was a freight company .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at its main office .','Kawasaki-Rikuso set up its own software subsidiary this year the computer terminals .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to more than double the computer terminals at its main office .','Kawasaki-Rikuso is spending nearly a year 's profit .')))

Input: Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was annually over the next five years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to some analysts .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was compared with about 10 % in the U.S. .',', Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % .')))

Input: But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least .', CO/LIST('But for now Americans are far better at making PCs .','But for now Americans are far better at making the software .' ), 'The software runs them .'))

Input: Lotus Development Corp. has slashed the lag between U.S. and Japan product introductions to six months from three years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to six months .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from three years .','Lotus Development Corp. has slashed the lag between U.S. and Japan product introductions .'))

Input: But the Japanese have to go a long way to catch up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 .','American PC sales have averaged West European sales a whopping 40 % .' ), 'Japanese sales were flat for most of that time .')

Input: In the U.S. , PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. .','PCs commonly perform many tasks .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. .','PCs commonly plug into a broad network .'))

Input: In Japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and ca n't communicate with other machines .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Japan .','Many desktop terminals are limited to one function .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Japan .','Many desktop terminals ca n't communicate with other machines .'))

Input: The market planning and sales promotion office of Nomura Securities Co. , for example , has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers , a respectable ratio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Its 60 workers are a respectable ratio .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','The market planning and sales promotion office of Nomura Securities Co. has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers .'))

Input: To transfer information from one to the other , employees make printouts and enter the data manually .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to transfer information from one to the other .', CO/LIST('Employees make printouts .','Employees enter the data manually .'))

Input: Meanwhile , a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on a chart with a pencil .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','A woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','A woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal adds it up with a hand calculator .')))

Input: In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Lotus .','More than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis .'))

Input: Some Japanese operations , such as securities-trading rooms , may be ahead of their American counterparts , he says , but basically , there 's little analysis done on computers in Japan .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as securities-trading rooms .',', Some Japanese operations may be ahead of their American counterparts .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is basically .','There 's little analysis .' ), 'Little analysis was done on computers in Japan .'))

Input: Of course , simply buying computers does n't always solve problems , and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is simply .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','Buying computers does n't always solve problems .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was of course .','Many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand .')))

Input: But healthy skepticism is only a small reason for Japan 's PC lag .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because the Japanese alphabet is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so keyboard allergy , especially among older workers , remains a common affliction .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('The Japanese alphabet is so huge .','Japan has no history of typewriter use .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is especially among older workers .','Keyboard allergy remains a common affliction .'))

Input: While most American employees have their own private space , Japanese salarymen usually share large , common tables and rely heavily on old-fashioned personal contact .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Most American employees have their own private space .', CO/LIST('Japanese salarymen usually share large , common tables .','Japanese salarymen usually rely heavily on old-fashioned personal contact .'))

Input: And Japan 's management system makes it hard to impose a single , integrated computer system corporatewide .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Besides , a computer processing the Japanese language needs a huge memory and much processing capability , while the screen and printer need far better definition to depict accurately the intricate symbols .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is besides .', CO/LIST('A computer processing the Japanese language needs a huge memory .','A computer processing the Japanese language needs much processing capability .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The screen and printer need far better definition .','This is to depict accurately the intricate symbols .')))

Input: For the past decade , NEC Corp. has owned more than half the Japanese PC market and ruled it with near-monopoly power .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the past decade .','NEC Corp. has owned more than half the Japanese PC market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with near-monopoly power .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the past decade .','NEC Corp. ruled it .')))

Input: But early on , IBM offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to anybody .','Anybody was wanting to copy it .' ), 'But early on , IBM offered its basic design .')

Input: IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer , but NEC was ahead from the start and did n't need to invite in competitive allies .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer .', CO/LIST('NEC was ahead from the start .','NEC did n't need to invite in competitive allies .'))

Input: They hesitate to market NEC-compatible machines ; NEC disapproves of such machines , and marketing one would jeopardize their relationship .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They hesitate to market NEC-compatible machines .', CO/LIST('NEC disapproves of such machines .','Marketing one would jeopardize their relationship .'))

Input: The result , according to many analysts , is higher prices and less innovation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to many analysts .', CO/LIST('The result is higher prices .','The result is less innovation .'))

Input: In Japan , software is four to five years behind the U.S. because hardware is four to five years behind , because NEC is enjoying a monopoly , complains Kazuhiko Nishi , the president of Ascii Corp. , one of Japan 's leading PC-magazine publishing and software companies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But new managers will have to be creators and innovators ... and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily , and also shared .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Seiko Epson Corp. , a newcomer to the industry , fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Seiko Epson Corp. was a newcomer to the industry .', CO/LIST(', Seiko Epson Corp. fought off a legal challenge .',', Seiko Epson Corp. started selling NEC clones last year .'))

Input: Sony Corp. , which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago , started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .',', Sony Corp. started selling its work station .' ), ', Sony Corp. quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market .' ), ', Sony Corp. temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago .')

Input: That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That has n't generated much sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('Microsoft was This summer .','Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard .'))

Input: U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was compared with half the market in Europe .','This was compared with 80 % at home .' ), 'U.S. makers have under 10 % share .')

Input: But the Americans are also to blame .
Prediction: NONE

Input: IBM , though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business , did n't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did , and that was n't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('IBM was the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was until five years .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Japan .','IBM , though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business , did n't introduce its first PC after NEC did , and that was n't compatible even with IBM standard .')))

Input: IBM just last year started selling its first machine that could run in both Japanese and English and that substantially enhances compatibility with its American products .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It is time-consuming -LRB- the abortion part alone lasts three days , and the clinical part comprises a week 's worth of visits -RRB- , bloody -LRB- one woman in a Swedish trial required a transfusion , although for most it resembles a menstrual period , with bleeding lasting an average of 10 days -RRB- , and painful -LRB- many women require analgesic shots to ease them through -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was bloody .', CO/LIST('It is time-consuming -LRB- the abortion part alone lasts three days -RRB- -LRB- one woman in a Swedish trial required a transfusion , although for most it resembles a menstrual period , with bleeding lasting an average of 10 days -RRB- , and painful -LRB- many women require analgesic shots to ease them through -RRB- .','It is time-consuming -LRB- the clinical part comprises a week 's worth of visits -RRB- -LRB- one woman in a Swedish trial required a transfusion , although for most it resembles a menstrual period , with bleeding lasting an average of 10 days -RRB- , and painful -LRB- many women require analgesic shots to ease them through -RRB- .'))

Input: Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But safe , in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project , means there 's been no evidence so far of mortality .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project .','But safe means .' ), 'There 's been no evidence so far of mortality .')

Input: The drug has a three-dimensional structure similar to that of DES , the anti-miscarriage drug that has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer in some of the daughters of the women who took it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('DES was the anti-miscarriage drug .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in some of the daughters of the women .','The anti-miscarriage drug has been linked to cervical and vaginal cancer .' ), 'The women took it .' ), 'The drug has a three-dimensional structure similar to that of DES .'))

Input: All the published studies recommend that women on whom the drug proves ineffective not carry the pregnancy to term but undergo a surgical abortion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('All the published studies recommend .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to term .','Women on whom the drug proves ineffective not carry the pregnancy .' ), 'Women on whom the drug proves ineffective not undergo a surgical abortion .'))

Input: RU-486 probably represents a technical advance in an area where none is needed , or at least not very much , said Phillip Stubblefield , president of the National Abortion Federation , at a reproductive health conference in 1986 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillip Stubblefield was president of the National Abortion Federation .', SUB/ELABORATION('RU-486 probably represents .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a reproductive health conference .','A technical advance in an area where none is needed , or at least not very much , said Phillip Stubblefield in 1986 .')))

Input: It typically takes from eight to 10 years to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug , and the cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('It typically takes from eight to 10 years .','This is to obtain the Food and Drug Administration 's approval for a new drug .' ), 'The cost of testing and marketing a new drug can range from $ 30 million to $ 70 million .')

Input: The Health and Human Services Department currently forbids the National Institutes of Health from funding abortion research as part of its $ 8 million contraceptive program .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Following the feminist and population-control lead has been a generally bovine press .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- Roussel reportedly has every pill marked and accounted for to make sure none slips into the black market . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST('-LRB- Roussel reportedly has every pill marked . -RRB- .', SUB/PURPOSE('-LRB- Roussel accounted -RRB- .','This was to make sure none slips into the black market .'))

Input: Furthermore , because timing is so critical with RU-486 , she will learn , via a pelvic examination and ultrasound , not only that she is pregnant , but just how pregnant she is .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Timing is so critical with RU-486 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is furthermore .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is via a pelvic examination .','This is via ultrasound .' ), ', She will learn not only that she is pregnant , but just how pregnant she is .')))

Input: At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress , a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for development , evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the behest of pro-choice members of Congress .','A four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for development , evaluation and bringing .'))

Input: -LRB- Remember the Dalkon Shield and the early birth-control pills ? -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Commerce Department found that U.S. exports in 1988 , net of imports , were understated by $ 20.9 billion a year and understated at the annualized rate of $ 25.4 billion in the first quarter of 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. exports in 1988 were net of imports .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Commerce Department found .', CO/LIST('U.S. exports in 1988 were understated by $ 20.9 billion a year .','U.S. exports in 1988 were understated at the annualized rate of $ 25.4 billion in the first quarter of 1989 .')))

Input: In the quarterly balance-of-payments report , those merchandise trade figures are merged with statistics on exports and imports of services , as well as returns on investments abroad by Americans and returns on foreign investments in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was abroad by Americans and returns .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarterly balance-of-payments report .','Those merchandise trade figures are merged with statistics on exports and imports of services , as well as returns on investments on foreign investments in the U.S. .'))

Input: Over time , through benchmark surveys , the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through benchmark surveys .','The corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered .'))

Input: The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . -LRB- net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad -RRB- , some exports by professional firms -LRB- a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine -RRB- , and improved data from travel and tourism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . -LRB- net after expenditures by Americans -RRB- , some exports by professional firms -LRB- a law firm billing -RRB- , and improved data from travel and tourism .','Americans were studying abroad .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A German client for services is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine a law firm billing .',', Services are rendered in watching legislation in Washington .'))

Input: In just these three areas , the Commerce Department found $ 23 billion more exports than previously reported and $ 11.6 billion more imports , with the net result that the U.S. service surplus in 1988 increased by $ 11.3 billion , to $ 19 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in just these three areas .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the net result .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 19 billion .','The U.S. service surplus in 1988 increased by $ 11.3 billion .' ), 'The Commerce Department found $ 23 billion more exports than previously reported and $ 11.6 billion more imports .')))

Input: Combined with recalculations and revisions in other trade areas , the value of U.S. net exports that had not previously been recorded was about $ 20 billion a year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other trade areas .','This was combined with recalculations and revisions .' ), 'The value of U.S. net exports was about $ 20 billion a year .' ), 'U.S. net exports had not previously been recorded .')

Input: The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees owed to Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , even though their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees .', CO/LIST(', Commitment fees were owed to Citicorp .',', Commitment fees were owed to Chase Manhattan Corp. .' ), 'Their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse .'))

Input: The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc. , and its law firm , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison was its law firm .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the merger agreement says .', CO/LIST('The buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers .','The buy-out group is entitled to be repaid Lazard Freres & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc. .','The buy-out group is entitled to be repaid its law firm .')))

Input: Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , announced it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , and Merrill Lynch & Co. pulled out of the practice altogether .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kidder , Peabody & Co. was a unit of General Electric Co. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kidder , Peabody & Co. announced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for its own account .','It would stop doing stock-index arbitrage .' ), 'Merrill Lynch & Co. pulled out of the practice altogether .')))

Input: A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're working the problem .','A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're looking at the issue .', SUB/PURPOSE('A Big Board spokesman would only say , We 're meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents .','This is to get their views and ideas on the issue .'))

Input: The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level .','Giant Contel Corp. said it .' )SUB/PURPOSE('20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance .','This is to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading .'))

Input: Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Merrill was executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades .','Merrill was executing an average of about one million shares a day .'))

Input: Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Merrill said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements .','This is including limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures .' ), 'It is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading .'))

Input: In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures and options .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with offsetting trades in stock-index futures and options .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in stock-index arbitrage .','Traders buy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in stock-index arbitrage .','Traders sell large amounts of stocks .')))

Input: Last Thursday , PaineWebber Group Inc. also said it would cease index arbitrage altogether , but the firm was n't as big an index arbitrager as Merrill is .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what PaineWebber Group Inc. said .','It would cease index arbitrage altogether .' ), 'The firm was n't as big an index arbitrager as Merrill is .')

Input: Other large firms , including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. , last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. .','Other large firms last week announced a pullback .'))

Input: Kidder made an abrupt about-face on program trading yesterday , after a special meeting between the firm 's president and chief executive officer , Michael Carpenter , and its senior managers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on program trading .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was after a special meeting between the firm 's president and chief executive officer .','This was after a special meeting between Michael Carpenter .','This was after a special meeting between its senior managers .' ), 'Kidder made an abrupt about-face yesterday .'))

Input: Index arbitrage , Mr. Carpenter said last week , does n't have a negative impact on the market as a whole and Kidder 's customers were sophisticated enough to know that .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carpenter was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Index arbitrage , Carpenter said last week , does n't have a negative impact on the market .','A whole and Kidder 's customers were sophisticated enough to know that .'))

Input: Kidder so far this year has executed a monthly average of 37.8 million shares in index-arbitrage trading , and is second only to Morgan Stanley in overall program trading , which includes index arbitrage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in index-arbitrage trading .','Kidder so far this year has executed a monthly average of 37.8 million shares .' ), 'Kidder so far this year is second only to Morgan Stanley in overall program trading .' ), 'Overall program trading includes index arbitrage .')

Input: Kidder denied that GE 's chairman and chief executive , John F. Welch , had anything to do with Kidder 's decision .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('GE 's chairman and chief executive were John F. Welch .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kidder denied .','GE 's chairman and chief executive had anything to do with Kidder 's decision .'))

Input: But Merrill Lynch , in its statement about pulling out of index arbitrage , suggested that the current debate has missed the mark .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in its statement about .','This was pulling out of index arbitrage .' ), 'But Merrill Lynch suggested .' ), 'The current debate has missed the mark .')

Input: Meanwhile , Bear Stearns Chairman and Chief Executive Alan C. Greenberg said his firm will continue stock-index arbitrage for its clients .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan C. Greenberg was Chief Executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bear Stearns Chairman and Alan C. Greenberg said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for its clients .','His firm will continue stock-index arbitrage .')))

Input: Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock-index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock-index arbitrage had been a break-even proposition for Bear Stearns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenberg was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Greenberg said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was beginning in July .','This was for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year .' ), ', Stock-index arbitrage had been a break-even proposition for Bear Stearns .')))

Input: We are reaching the moment of truth on Wall Street , said Rep. Edward J. Markey -LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications and finance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Craig Torres and Anne Newman contributed to this article .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cup had been insured , and in short order it was given over to a Chubb & Son representative .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The cup had been insured .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in short order .','It was given over to a Chubb & Son representative .'))

Input: Instead , New York City police seized the stolen goods , and Mr. Krisher avoided jail .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead .','New York City police seized the stolen goods .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Krisher was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead .','Krisher avoided jail .')))

Input: The air-waybill number was changed en route , and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced , so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the Gauguin discovered missing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The air-waybill number was changed en route .','Paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced .' )SUB/TEMPORAL('It was a week .','Three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse .' ), 'The Gauguin discovered missing .')

Input: Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from London .','Their museum had shipped it .'))

Input: About 140 Mayan , Aztec , Mixtec and Zapotec objects , including some of Mexico 's best-known archaeological treasures , were taken .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was including some of Mexico 's best-known archaeological treasures .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about 140 Mayan .','Aztec , Mixtec and Zapotec objects were taken .'))

Input: The government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities , but routine police work led to the recovery .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the return of the antiquities .','The government offered a reward .' ), 'Routine police work led to the recovery .')

Input: As it turned out , Carlos Perches Trevino and Ramon Sardina Garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the Perches family 's home for a year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It turned out .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a closet in the Perches family 's home .', CO/LIST(', Carlos Perches Trevino had hidden the haul .','Ramon Sardina Garcia had hidden the haul .'))))

Input: Then they took the art to Acapulco and began to trade some of it for cocaine .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Acapulco .','Then they took the art .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for cocaine .','Then they began to trade some of it .'))

Input: The artist 's melancholy subjects bring high prices on the world market , and the U.S. State Department notified IFAR of the theft in February 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the world market .','The artist 's melancholy subjects bring high prices .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in February 1988 .','The U.S. State Department notified IFAR of the theft .'))

Input: Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye , but Robert Lawrence Trotter , 35 , of Kennett Square , Pa. , took his fooling seriously .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Lawrence Trotter was 35 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kennett Square was Pa. .','Robert Lawrence Trotter of Kennett Square took his fooling seriously .')))

Input: He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle and sold it as a 19th-century original to antique dealers in Woodbridge , Conn .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a 19th-century original .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to antique dealers .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Woodbridge , Conn .','He sold it .'))))

Input: Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to an expert .','The dealers immediately showed their new acquisition .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a fake .','The dealers immediately came to see it .'))

Input: They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and , with the help of the FBI , taped their conversation with him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trotter was Mr. .', CO/LIST('They persuaded Trotter to take it back .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with him .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the help of the FBI .','They taped their conversation .'))))

Input: Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988-model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mazda was model .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said .', CO/LIST('They are recalling about 88,500 1988-Mercury Tracers .','They are recalling 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap .')))

Input: Ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ford said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to dealers .','Owners should return the cars .' )CO/LIST('The windshields can be removed .','The windshields can be securely reinstalled .')))

Input: Both also will inspect and replace , if necessary , oil filters and oil strainers , at no charge to owners .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at no charge to owners .', CO/LIST('Both also will inspect oil filters and oil strainers .', CO/LIST('Both also will replace , if necessary .','Both also will replace , if oil filters .','Both also will replace , if oil strainers .')))

Input: For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for owners .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Mazda will extend to five years the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .','Mazda will extend to 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration .' ), 'Owners have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule .'))

Input: The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles ; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years .','The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is 24,000 miles .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The term for the 1988 323 is three years .','The term for the 1988 323 is 50,000 miles .'))

Input: Ford said the term on its warranty is already six years or 60,000 miles .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ford said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The term on its warranty is already six years .','The term on its warranty is already 60,000 miles .'))

Input: Ford said the new offer will begin Saturday and run indefinitely .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ford said .', CO/LIST('The new offer will begin Saturday .','The new offer will run indefinitely .'))

Input: The high court 's decision , expected next spring , may affect the stability of many large corporate pension plans that have relied on the availability of pension insurance provided by the federal pension regulatory and insurance agency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The high court 's decision may affect the stability of many large corporate pension plans .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was provided by the federal pension regulatory and insurance agency .','Many large corporate pension plans have relied on the availability of pension insurance .' ), 'The high court 's decision was expected next spring .'))

Input: Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Termination means .', CO/LIST('The agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities .', SUB/ELABORATION('The agency 's insurance pays the pension benefits .','The pension benefits were owed under the plans .' ), 'Workers do n't accrue new benefits .')))

Input: But the agency viewed the creation of the new plans as an abuse of federal pension law and an attempt to transfer the liability of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall from LTV to federal insurance .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as an abuse of federal pension law .','This was as an abuse of an attempt .' ), 'But the agency viewed the creation of the new plans .' ), 'This was to transfer the liability of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall from LTV to federal insurance .')

Input: In September 1987 , it ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the three original plans .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September 1987 .','It ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding .'))

Input: LTV challenged the order , and a federal district court in New York in June 1988 ruled that the agency improperly ordered LTV to reassume responsibility for the plans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('LTV challenged the order .', SUB/ELABORATION('A federal district court in New York in June 1988 ruled .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the plans .','The agency improperly ordered LTV to reassume responsibility .')))

Input: Breaking into the raucous Chicago Bears-Cleveland Browns match during last week 's Monday night football game , it was nothing but simple block letters superimposed on the TV screen .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during last week 's Monday night football game .','It was breaking into the raucous Chicago Bears-Cleveland Browns match .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It was nothing but simple block letters .',', Simple block letters were superimposed on the TV screen .'))

Input: Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was to the devastating San Francisco quake .','This was to Hurricane Hugo .' ), 'Advertisers have hitched their ads .'))

Input: But the strategy can backfire ; if the ads appear too self-serving , the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the strategy can backfire .', SUB/CONDITION('The ads appear too self-serving .','The companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans .'))

Input: Along with Nissan , Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King and New York Life Insurance have tied ads to Red Cross donations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Red Cross donations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was along with Nissan .', CO/LIST('Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King have tied ads .','New York Life Insurance have tied ads .')))

Input: We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('TV commercials typically take weeks to produce .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days .','Advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in even hours .'))

Input: It can backfire because companies can step across the line and go too far , be too pushy , agrees Gary Stibel , a principal with New England Consulting Group , Westport , Conn .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , he says that only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been tasteless and that the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', CO/LIST('That only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been tasteless .', SUB/ELABORATION('That only a few of the quake-related campaigns that the majority have been truly beneficial to the people .','The people need the help .')))

Input: And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('BK Doubles is a new double-hamburger line .','The fast-food chain is trying to push a new double-hamburger line .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is into its public-service message .','And by basing donations on BK Doubles , Burger King works a sales pitch .'))

Input: But she has no problem with that , she says : In the meanwhile , they 're helping us .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But she has no problem with that .','This is what she says .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the meanwhile .','They 're helping us .'))

Input: The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads , but it has amassed $ 46.6 million since it first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads .', SUB/CAUSE('It has amassed $ 46.6 million .','It first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 .'))

Input: The Supreme Court let stand a New York court 's ruling that the manufacturers of a drug once used to prevent miscarriages must share liability for injuries or deaths when the maker of an individual dose is unknown .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Supreme Court let stand a New York court 's ruling .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for injuries or deaths .', SUB/ELABORATION('The manufacturers of a drug must share liability .','A drug is used to prevent miscarriages .' ), 'The maker of an individual dose is unknown .')))

Input: The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the daughters of women .','The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems .' ), 'Women took the drug .')

Input: On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product-related lawsuits , as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as well .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on a broader scale .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is not only in DES cases but in other product-related lawsuits .','The ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court .')))

Input: Paul Rheingold , a New York lawyer who represents DES victims , said that before the New York ruling , only the states of Washington and Wisconsin had followed the California decision .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Paul Rheingold was a New York lawyer .','A New York lawyer represents DES victims .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Paul Rheingold said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was before the New York ruling .','Only the states of Washington and Wisconsin had followed the California decision .')))

Input: The appeals involved DES , which was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use from the 1940s until 1971 to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The appeals involved DES .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for use from the 1940s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was until 1971 .','DES was approved by the Food and Drug Administration .' ), 'This was to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy .')))

Input: Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past decade .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lawsuits over the harm have flooded federal and state courts .','The harm was caused by DES .'))

Input: Under traditional legal theories , inability to prove which company manufactured a drug that caused an injury or death would lead to the lawsuit being dismissed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under traditional legal theories .','Inability to prove which company manufactured a drug would lead to the lawsuit .' ), 'The lawsuit was being dismissed .' ), 'A drug caused an injury or death .')

Input: But in its ruling last April , the New York court said that all producers of the anti-miscarriage drug should share liability when the manufacturer of a specific dose ca n't be determined .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the New York court said in its ruling .', SUB/ELABORATION('All producers of the anti-miscarriage drug should share liability .','The manufacturer of a specific dose ca n't be determined .'))

Input: -LRB- Rexall Drug Co. vs. Tigue ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. vs. Hymowitz , and Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Hymowitz -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the high court said in that decision .', SUB/ELABORATION('A company must prove .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the contract .','The government approved precise specifications , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment .')))

Input: But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was against General Dynamics .','But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award .' ), 'But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans were rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense .')

Input: A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the families .','A federal district court awarded damages .' ), 'The appeals court affirmed the award .')

Input: -- Let stand the mail fraud and conspiracy conviction of John Lavery , a former vice president of Beech-Nut Nutrition Corp. , a unit of Nestle S.A .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Beech-Nut Nutrition Corp. is a unit of Nestle S.A .','John Lavery is a former vice president of Beech-Nut Nutrition Corp. .' ), '-- Let stand the mail fraud and conspiracy conviction of John Lavery .')

Input: In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in that time .','More than 1.2 million jobs have been created .' ), 'The official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % .')

Input: Mr. Gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming Spain 's NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gonzalez was Mr. .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Gonzalez also has split with the left in and in .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was with the U.S. .','Gonzalez also was renewing a defense treaty .' ), 'Gonzalez also was reaffirming Spain 's NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U.S. .')))

Input: He should do more to reduce tax rates on wealth and income , in recognition of the fact that those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on wealth and income .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in recognition of the fact .','Those cuts yield higher , not lower , revenues .' )SUB/PURPOSE('He should do more .','This is to reduce tax rates .')))

Input: They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Spain is the direction .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries , are supporting .','Numerous Latin American and East European countries hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model .' ), ', Spain is taking .'))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: Just when American liberalism had pulled the arms plug on the Contras and their friend Ronald Reagan , along comes Mr. Ortega in Costa Rica this weekend to blunder into the hands of what are often called conservatives .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ortega was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the faction in U.S. politics said .', CO/LIST('Ortega do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .','His friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua .'))))

Input: We suspect Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a blunder and a strategy .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we suspect .', CO/LIST('Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a blunder .','Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a strategy .'))

Input: Mr. Ortega understands better than those who worry about his behavior that what sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace , but nondemocratic unpeace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ortega is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ortega understands better than those .', SUB/ELABORATION('Those worry about his behavior .','What sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace , but nondemocratic unpeace .')))

Input: It is the presence of internal and external enemies which justifies the need for a large , active army that Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union continues to supply with bullets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is the presence of internal and external enemies .', SUB/ELABORATION('The presence of internal and external enemies justifies the need for a large , active army .','Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union continues to supply with bullets .'))

Input: The Treasury Department proposed that banks be required to keep detailed records of international wire transfers , which officials believe is the main vehicle used by drug traffickers to move billions of dollars in and out of the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Treasury Department proposed .','Banks be required to keep detailed records of international wire transfers .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what officials believe .','Is the main vehicle used by drug traffickers to move billions of dollars in and out of the U.S. international wire transfers .'))

Input: In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Treasury officials said in recent testimony on Capitol Hill .','They were considering the new reporting requirements .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in recent testimony on Capitol Hill .','The expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations .'))

Input: The Treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with bank trade associations .','This is with the other government agencies .' ), 'The Treasury is still working out the details .' ), 'The other government agencies have a hand in fighting money laundering .')

Input: Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','It had filed a request .' ), 'This was to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap .'))

Input: Western Union must make $ 48 million in interest payments on the reset notes on Dec. 15 , and a company spokesman said it fully intends to meet the payments .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the reset notes on Dec. 15 .','Western Union must make $ 48 million in interest payments .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a company spokesman said .','It fully intends to meet the payments .'))

Input: But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Western Union has said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on its debt to regain full financial health .','It must lower the interest rate .'))

Input: The biotechnology concern said the agreement between its longtime West German distributor , BoHoward Mosher , president and chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('BoHoward Mosher , president and chief executive officer were the agreement between its longtime West German distributor .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the biotechnology concern said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the agreement between its longtime West German distributor said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets .','He anticipates growth .'))))

Input:  other .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Prediction: NONE

Input: rst wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk .
Prediction: NONE

Input: k with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi .
Prediction: NONE

Input: n two or more carriers that have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('N two or more carriers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code .','Two or more carriers have filed for protection .'))

Input: of issues without a formal agenda .
Prediction: NONE

Input: uch passion about Filipino manhood being diminished as a result of being squatted upon by the Americans and so on .
Prediction: NONE

Input: n late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('New York was n late afternoon .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 1.8340 marks late Monday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 141.90 yen late Monday .','New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , and at 142.85 yen .')))

Input: Africa , and its business in toiletries and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: e president act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('George Mitchell was Senate Majority Leader .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Dole was Sen. .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was between George Mitchell of Maine .','This was between George Mitchell of his GOP counterpart .' ), 'Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today .')))

Input: bt market are closely watched by treasurers at other corporations and by credit market analysts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements , praising Mr. Rifenburgh 's efforts but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rifenburgh is Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements , praising Rifenburgh 's efforts .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements questioning .','Whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace .')))

Input:  planned five channels of movies , sports , entertainment and news shows .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Merrill Lynch Capital Markets was the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .','Which was created early this year .'))

Input: C chairman , said the breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what C chairman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The breadth and depth of the discounting is more .','I expected .'))

Input: l haunts , and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits .
Prediction: CO/LIST('L haunts .', SUB/PURPOSE('He can even tell you .','This is to encourage the spirits .'))

Input: ion preferred holders will own 72.3 % , and current stockholders of Edisto will own about 6.4 % , about the same stake as Edisto owns now in NRM .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ion preferred holders will own 72.3 % .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is about the same stake .',', Current stockholders of Edisto will own about 6.4 % .' ), 'Edisto owns now in NRM .'))

Input: terday took the major step of renouncing the trading strategy even for its clients .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  art .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Right now about a dozen laboratories , in the U.S. , Canada and Britain , are racing to unmask other suspected tumor-suppressing genes .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in the U.S. .','This was in Canada .','This was in Britain .' ), 'Right now about a dozen laboratories are racing to unmask other suspected tumor-suppressing genes .')

Input: Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The brain is the skin .','The brain is kidney .','The brain is prostate .','The brain is cervix .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what researchers say .','The inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain .'))

Input: He theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he theorized .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from one parent .','This was from a normal copy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the eye cancer .','An infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from the other .')))

Input: Back then , scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes , but under a microscope they could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells that contain the genes .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was back then .',', Scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under a microscope .','They could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells .' ), 'The cells contain the genes .'))

Input: He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he assumed .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The missing piece contained a gene .','The missing piece contained genes .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('A gene had a critical role in setting off the cancer .','Genes 's loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer .')))

Input: But he did n't know which gene or genes had disappeared .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a report out last week , John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say that about half the cells taken from lung cancer tissue they tested are missing this gene .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what John Minna and colleagues at the National Cancer Institute say in a report out .', SUB/ELABORATION('About half the cells taken from lung cancer tissue are missing this gene .','They tested lung cancer tissue .'))

Input: There also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished , of missing p53 genes in tissue taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of missing p53 genes in tissue .','There also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished .' ), 'Tissue was taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers .')

Input: At the same time , the Johns Hopkins team and others are rushing to pinpoint other tumor-suppressor genes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .', CO/LIST('The Johns Hopkins team are rushing to pinpoint other tumor-suppressor genes .','Others are rushing to pinpoint other tumor-suppressor genes .'))

Input: Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer , a researcher in Great Britain , are close to finding another gene involved with some types of colon cancer , thought to be on chromosome 5 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer were a researcher in Great Britain .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer are close to finding another gene .','Another gene was involved with some types of colon cancer .' ), ', Some types of colon cancer were thought to be on chromosome 5 .'))

Input: Recently , he and others reported that the retinoblastoma suppressor gene may also be involved in some lung cancers , as well as several other more common cancers , too .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he and others reported .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .','The retinoblastoma suppressor gene may also be involved in some lung cancers , as well as several other more common cancers .'))

Input: Already two major pharmaceutical companies , the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. , are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. are two major pharmaceutical companies .', SUB/PURPOSE('Already two major pharmaceutical companies are collaborating with gene hunters .','This is to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies .'))

Input: Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth may be based on the suppressor proteins normally produced by the genes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth .', SUB/ELABORATION('May be based on the suppressor proteins .','The suppressor proteins were produced by the genes tumor growth .'))

Input: Michael wo n't confirm the identities of any Easy Egg customers , nor will it say much of anything else .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But at least Burger King has signed on , and says that by year end it wo n't be using any shell eggs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But at least Burger King has signed on .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Burger King says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by year end .','It wo n't be using any shell eggs .')))

Input: A company official says Michael 's break-even volume on Easy Eggs is around 60 million pounds a year -- apparently well above current shipments and a far cry from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market waiting for such a product .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A company official says Michael 's break-even volume on Easy Eggs -- apparently well above current shipments from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market .','A company official says Michael 's break-even volume on Easy Eggs -- apparently well above a far cry from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market .' ), 'A billion-pound market was waiting for such a product .' ), 'Is around 60 million pounds a year Easy Eggs .')

Input: Michael Foods has attracted a good many short-sellers , the people who sell borrowed shares in a bet that a stock price will drop and allow the return of cheaper shares to the lender .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A good many short-sellers were the people .', SUB/ELABORATION('The people sell borrowed shares in a bet .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the lender .','A stock price will drop and allow the return of cheaper shares .' ), 'Michael Foods has attracted a good many short-sellers .')))

Input: The stock , in my opinion , is going to go lower , not only because of disappointing earnings but -LCB- because -RCB- the credibility gap is certainly not closing , says L. Craig Carver of Dain Bosworth .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The CEO , Richard G. Olson , replied yes , but would n't elaborate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard G. Olson was the CEO .', CO/CONTRAST('The CEO replied yes .','The CEO would n't elaborate .'))

Input: But the spokesman added that while Michael will earn less than last year 's $ 1.20 a share , it thinks Street estimates of $ 1 or so are low . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the spokesman added . -RRB- .', CO/CONTRAST('Michael will earn less than last year 's $ 1.20 a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It thinks Street estimates of $ 1 .','It so are low .')))

Input: Michael , which also processes potatoes , still relies on spuds for about a fourth of its sales and nearly half its pretax profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Michael still relies on spuds for about a fourth of its sales .','Michael still relies on spuds for nearly half its pretax profit .' ), 'Michael also processes potatoes .')

Input: Pierre Peladeau , a Canadian newspaper publisher little-known in the U.S. , figures to become a big player in North American printing -- and his ambitions do n't end there .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pierre Peladeau is a Canadian newspaper publisher little-known in the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in North American printing .','Pierre Peladeau figures to become a big player .' ), 'His ambitions do n't end there .'))

Input: Quebecor started the Philadelphia Journal , a daily tabloid , in 1977 and closed it three years later .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Philadelphia Journal was a daily tabloid .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1977 .','Quebecor started the Philadelphia Journal .' ), 'Quebecor closed it three years later .'))

Input: More recently , some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company , specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was more recently .',', Some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was more recently .',', Some former Quebecor executives were specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars .'))

Input: The tabloid 's circulation soared to 80,000 , but plunged to under 10,000 when the La Presse strike ended .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The tabloid 's circulation soared to 80,000 .', SUB/ELABORATION('The tabloid 's circulation plunged to under 10,000 .','The La Presse strike ended .'))

Input: Now the Journal , flush with ads and hugely profitable , is even with La Presse in weekend circulation and outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is flush with ads and hugely profitable .','Now the Journal is even with La Presse in weekend circulation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is flush with ads and hugely profitable .','Now the Journal outsells it 3 to 2 every weekday .'))

Input: Mr. Peladeau has never made any apologies for publishing the tabloid , a brash mix of crime and sports .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peladeau was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The tabloid was a brash mix of crime and sports .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','Peladeau has never made any apologies .' ), 'Peladeau was publishing the tabloid .')))

Input: Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ; dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News is a second tabloid in Montreal .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal .','Quebecor also publishes dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba .','Quebecor also publishes dozens of weeklies .' ), 'Weeklies are covering most of Quebec .'))

Input: Finally , with Maxwell Communication , the company controls 54 % of Donohue Inc. , a Quebec City pulp and paper concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Donohue Inc. is a Quebec City pulp and paper concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is finally .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with Maxwell Communication .','The company controls 54 % of Donohue Inc. .')))

Input: In yesterday 's accord , Quebecor agreed to pay $ 400 million in cash for Maxwell Graphics , and to give Maxwell Communication a 20 % stake , valued at $ 100 million , in Quebecor 's new printing subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Maxwell Graphics .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in yesterday 's accord .','Quebecor agreed to pay $ 400 million in cash , and to give Maxwell Communication a 20 % stake in Quebecor 's new printing subsidiary .' ), 'A 20 % stake was valued at $ 100 million .'))

Input: Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc. , a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('BCE Inc. was a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from BCE Inc. .','Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants .'))

Input: The New York suit was filed on behalf of Justice Isaac Rubin , whose appointment to the state appellate division expires at year end , and all other judges hurt by the alleged age discrimination .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Isaac Rubin was behalf of Justice .','The New York suit was filed on Isaac Rubin , whose appointment to the state appellate division expires at year end .' ), 'All other judges hurt by the alleged age discrimination .')

Input: The suit , assigned to federal Judge Kimba Wood , seeks a permanent injunction , back pay for judges who have been forced to retire , reinstatement of retired judges and other affirmative relief necessary to eradicate the effects of -LRB- New York 's -RRB- unlawful employment practices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kimba Wood was federal Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The suit seeks a permanent injunction , back pay for judges , reinstatement of retired judges and other affirmative relief necessary to eradicate the effects of -LRB- New York 's -RRB- unlawful employment practices .','Judges have been forced to retire .' ), 'The suit was assigned to Kimba Wood .'))

Input: The issue is one of a judge 's experience , his competence and his physical ability to serve on the bench , Justice Rubin said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rubin was Justice .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The issue is one of a judge 's experience .','The issue is one of his competence .','The issue is one of his physical ability to serve on the bench .' ), 'This was what Rubin said .'))

Input: Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Under New York law , elected judges must retire at age 70 , but then can be appointed to two-year terms until they reach 76 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is under New York law .','Elected judges must retire at age 70 .' )SUB/CONDITION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was under New York law .','Elected judges then can be appointed to two-year terms .' ), 'They reach 76 .'))

Input: But she said the state currently has 35 appointed judges who are over 70 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The state currently has 35 appointed judges .','35 appointed judges are over 70 .'))

Input: Aaron Ment , Connecticut 's chief court administrator , declined to comment on the suit and the EEOC 's intervention .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Aaron Ment was Connecticut 's chief court administrator .', CO/LIST('Aaron Ment declined to comment on the suit .','Aaron Ment declined to comment on the EEOC 's intervention .'))

Input: He said the state has 165 appointed judges and 15 trial referees , who are former judges over age 70 and serve a restricted role on the bench .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('The state has 165 appointed judges .','The state has 15 trial referees .' )CO/LIST('15 trial referees are former judges over age 70 .','15 trial referees serve a restricted role on the bench .')))

Input: U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dick Thornburgh was U.S. Attorney General .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units .','Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month .'))

Input: Mr. Thornburgh will be free to disband the strike forces after Congress approves a $ 479 million appropriation for federal law-enforcement and drug-interdiction agencies , according to David Runkel , a Justice Department spokesman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thornburgh is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('David Runkel is a Justice Department spokesman .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to David Runkel .','Thornburgh will be free to disband the strike forces .' ), ', Congress approves a $ 479 million appropriation for federal law-enforcement and drug-interdiction agencies .')))

Input: They predict that organized-crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys ' offices .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('They predict .', SUB/ELABORATION('Organized-crime activity will increase .','The units are dissolved .' ), 'Their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys ' offices .'))

Input: But Mr. Runkel contends there has been no exodus of strike-force lawyers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Runkel was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Runkel contends .','There has been no exodus of strike-force lawyers .'))

Input: He says 27 lawyers have left and 21 have been hired since Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','27 lawyers have left .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Thornburgh was Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('21 have been hired .','Thornburgh announced his plan .')))

Input: The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners and a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell , which will dissolve Dec. 31 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners .','The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell .' ), 'Golenbock & Barell will dissolve Dec. 31 .')

Input: Whitman & Ransom managing partner Maged F. Riad said the Golenbock recruits will enhance the firm 's corporate and litigation departments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maged F. Riad was partner .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Whitman & Ransom managing Maged F. Riad said .','The Golenbock recruits will enhance the firm 's corporate and litigation departments .'))

Input: The woman appeared in court Thursday to enter her plea , but when she started to approach the bench , she was stopped by Judge Hancock .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('The woman appeared in court Thursday .','This was to enter her plea .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Hancock was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(', She started to approach the bench .',', She was stopped by Hancock .')))

Input: But Mr. Smith said Sony intends to prove that the oral agreement did in fact exist , and that even the existing written contract does n't preclude the producers from taking executive posts at another studio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Smith said .',', Sony intends to prove that the oral agreement did in fact exist , and that even the existing written contract does n't preclude the producers from taking executive posts at another studio .'))

Input: Such a dual role would be impractical and unethical , Warner said , adding , that concept is as silly as suggesting that the head coach of the Los Angeles Dodgers could simultaneously be general manager of the San Francisco Giants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Such a dual role would be impractical and unethical .','This was what Warner said , adding .' ), ', Concept is as silly as suggesting that the head coach of the Los Angeles Dodgers could simultaneously be general manager of the San Francisco Giants .')

Input: In fact , the earnings report unfolded as representatives of the world 's No. 1 jet maker and the striking Machinists union came back to the negotiating table for their first meeting in two weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .','The earnings report unfolded .' ), 'Representatives of the world 's No. 1 jet maker and the striking Machinists union came back to the negotiating table for their first meeting in two weeks .')

Input: Doug Hammond , the federal mediator in Seattle , where Boeing is based , said the parties will continue to sit down daily until a new settlement proposal emerges or the talks break off again .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Doug Hammond was the federal mediator in Seattle .', CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Doug Hammond said .','The parties will continue to sit down daily until a new settlement proposal emerges .' ), 'The talks break off again .' ), 'Boeing is based .'))

Input: For the third quarter , net rose to $ 242 million , or $ 1.05 a share , from $ 144 million , or 63 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 144 million .','This was from 63 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net rose to $ 242 million .','Net rose to $ 1.05 a share .')))

Input: The investment community , however , strongly believes that the strike will be settled before there is any lasting effect on either Boeing or its work force .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the investment community strongly believes .', SUB/TEMPORAL('The strike will be settled .', CO/DISJUNCTION('There is any lasting effect on either Boeing .','There is any lasting effect on its work force .')))

Input: Before the union rejected the company 's offer and the strike was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 , Boeing had been counting on turning 96 aircraft out the door in the present period .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the union rejected .', CO/LIST('The company 's offer was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 .','The strike was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 .' ), 'Boeing had been counting on turning 96 aircraft out the door in the present period .'))

Input: But the strike has n't gone on long enough for Boeing to lose business in any real sense .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , Boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics and played up the downside .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .','Boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .','Boeing played up the downside .'))

Input: In a statement , Chairman Frank Shrontz asserted that the company faces significant challenges and risks , on both its commercial and government contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Frank Shrontz was Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Frank Shrontz asserted in a statement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on both its commercial and government contracts .','The company faces significant challenges and risks .')))

Input: Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in serious work force skill-dilution problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shrontz was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Moreover , Shrontz added , production-rate increases have resulted in serious work force skill-dilution problems .','Production-rate increases have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs .'))

Input: The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Machinists rejected a proposal .', CO/LIST('A proposal was featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year .','A proposal was featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 3 % the second .'))

Input: The application by Foothills , owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta and Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada , is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The application by Foothills is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta .', CO/LIST('The application by Foothills was owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta .','The application by Foothills was owned by Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada .'))

Input: Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers .', SUB/PURPOSE('A consortium of oil and gas producers won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board .','This was to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 .'))

Input: This is virgin territory , unclaimed , and it 's going to be nasty , said one observer , who asked not to be named .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But last week Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of TransCanada , said the company intends to be a party to any transportation system that goes up there and that it would consider joint ventures with other players to ensure it has a role .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald Maier was last week .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald Maier was president and chief executive officer of TransCanada .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gerald Maier said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to any transportation system .','The company intends to be a party that goes up there and that it would consider joint ventures with other players to ensure it has a role .'))))

Input: Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Pierce was chairman and chief executive of Foothills .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Robert Pierce said .','It 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first .'))

Input: But Foothills said it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line , the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska was an alternative line .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Foothills said .','It plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line .'))

Input: If that option is favored by gas buyers and regulators , Foothills said it would build another smaller pipeline connecting Mackenzie Delta reserves to the Alaska mainline .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('That option is favored by gas buyers and regulators .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Foothills said .', CO/LIST('It would build another smaller pipeline .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to the Alaska mainline .','It is connecting Mackenzie Delta reserves .'))))

Input: Instead , Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent , Interhome Energy Inc. , said the company would prefer to work with other interested parties on a joint proposal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Interhome Energy Inc. was Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent said .','The company would prefer to work with other interested parties on a joint proposal .'))

Input: In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from banks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .','Unions and community groups have won big commitments .' ), 'This was to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance .'))

Input: The Fed said the Comptroller of the Currency is expected to begin a Community Reinvestment Act examination of First Union 's Florida and North Carolina banking units in the next two weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Fed said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the next two weeks .','The Comptroller of the Currency is expected to begin a Community Reinvestment Act examination of First Union 's Florida and North Carolina banking units .'))

Input: First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said .','It was disappointed by the delay .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said .','It would cooperate with regulatory authorities .'))

Input: Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , the experts hired by the creditors , contended that Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young , the experts hired by the creditors , contended .','Earlier this month the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , the experts hired by the creditors , contended .' ), 'Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting .')

Input: The consultants maintained Eastern would n't generate the cash it needs and would have to issue new debt to meet its targets under the plan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The consultants maintained .', SUB/ELABORATION('Eastern would n't generate the cash .', CO/LIST('It needs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the plan the cash .','It would have to issue new debt to meet its targets .'))))

Input: Eastern and its creditors agreed in July on a reorganization plan that called for the carrier to sell off $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from Chapter 11 status in late 1989 at two-thirds its former size .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a reorganization plan .', CO/LIST('Eastern agreed in July .','Its creditors agreed in July .' )SUB/PURPOSE('A reorganization plan called for the carrier .','This was to sell off $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from Chapter 11 status in late 1989 at two-thirds its former size .')))

Input: Such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid , and the two sides had to begin negotiating again .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what such a change meant .', SUB/ELABORATION('The reorganization plan was no longer valid .','The creditors had agreed on The reorganization plan .' ), 'The two sides had to begin negotiating again .'))

Input: The offering , Series 1989-3 , is by a company established by First Boston for issuing Remics and other derivative mortgage securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The offering was Series 1989-3 .', SUB/ELABORATION('The offering is by a company .', CO/LIST('A company was established by First Boston for issuing Remics .','A company was established by First Boston for other derivative mortgage securities .')))

Input: The offering is rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , based on the quality of the underlying home equity loans and a letter of credit covering 10 % of the deal from Union Bank of Switzerland .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was based on the quality of the underlying home equity loans .','This was based on a letter of credit .' ), 'The offering is rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was from Union Bank of Switzerland .',', Credit was covering 10 % of the deal .'))

Input: The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(CO/LIST('This was based on the quality of the underlying auto loans .','This was based on the quality of a letter of credit .' ), 'This was covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse .' ), 'The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's .')

Input: West German insurance giant Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between France 's Cie . Financiere de Paribas and Cie. de Navigation Mixte .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Allianz AG was West German insurance giant .', SUB/ELABORATION('Paribas was Financiere de .', CO/LIST('Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between France 's Cie . Paribas .','Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between Cie. de Navigation Mixte .')))

Input: Allianz said it won French government approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Navigation Mixte was a diversified financial , transport and food holding company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Allianz said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It won French government approval .','This was to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte .')))

Input: That would be a blow to both Paribas and Navigation Mixte .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Deutsche Bank , Dresdner Bank and Commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness to expand in France before 1992 .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Deutsche Bank also have expressed eagerness .','Dresdner Bank also have expressed eagerness .',', Commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness .' ), 'This was to expand in France before 1992 .')

Input: Dresdner Bank this month moved to acquire Banque Internationale des Placements , a small French merchant bank that Deutsche Bank had looked at and passed over .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Banque Internationale des Placements was a small French merchant bank .', CO/LIST('Deutsche Bank had looked at .','Deutsche Bank had passed over .' ), 'Dresdner Bank this month moved to acquire Banque Internationale des Placements .'))

Input: Commerzbank had hoped to buy a stake in Credit Lyonnais , until the Socialists returned to government last year and canceled plans to privatize the large French bank .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Commerzbank had hoped to buy a stake in Credit Lyonnais .','Until the Socialists returned to government last year .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Commerzbank had canceled plans .','This was to privatize the large French bank .'))

Input: The banks we think would fit into our concept are either government-owned or not for sale , though Deutsche Bank would be able to pay a good price .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The banks are either government-owned or not for sale .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we think .','Would fit into our concept The banks .' ), 'Deutsche Bank would be able to pay a good price .'))

Input: While Allianz officials were n't willing to comment in any detail on their plans , they said Allianz currently holds between 5 % and 10 % of Navigation Mixte , an apparent increase from the 5 % stake that Navigation Mixte officials had earlier announced .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Navigation Mixte was an apparent increase from the 5 % stake .','Navigation Mixte officials had earlier announced .' )CO/CONTRAST('Allianz officials were n't willing to comment in any detail on their plans .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .','Allianz currently holds between 5 % and 10 % of Navigation Mixte .')))

Input: Paris market sources said they believed Allianz was buying yesterday morning , and Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs -LRB- $ 17.19 -RRB- to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Paris market sources said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they believed .','Allianz was buying yesterday morning .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs -LRB- $ 17.19 -RRB- .','This was to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading .')))

Input: The company said Carol Cable , based in Pawtucket , R.I. , is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire and cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Carol Cable is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire .',', Carol Cable is cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets .' ), ', Carol Cable is based in Pawtucket , R.I. .'))

Input: Carol Cable , which operates 12 manufacturing plants , had operating profit of $ 11.7 million on sales of $ 153.3 million for the first six months of this year and operating profit of $ 25.6 million on sales of $ 294.6 million for all of 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Carol Cable had operating profit of $ 11.7 million on sales of $ 153.3 million for the first six months of this year .',', Carol Cable had operating profit of $ 25.6 million on sales of $ 294.6 million for all of 1988 .' ), ', Carol Cable operates 12 manufacturing plants .')

Input: Fletcher Challenge Ltd. said its Petrocorp unit agreed to acquire certain Alberta oil and gas interests from Amoco Corp. 's Canadian unit , for about 130 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 110.6 million -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fletcher Challenge Ltd. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Amoco Corp. 's Canadian unit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for about 130 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 110.6 million -RRB- .','Its Petrocorp unit agreed to acquire certain Alberta oil and gas interests .')))

Input: Fletcher Challenge , a big New Zealand-based forest products concern with forestry operations in Canada , said the assets include stakes in four natural gas fields and one oil field near Provost , Alberta , plus gas processing facilities and about 247,000 acres of undeveloped land .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fletcher Challenge was a big New Zealand-based forest products concern with forestry operations in Canada .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fletcher Challenge said .', CO/LIST('The assets include stakes in four natural gas fields , plus gas processing facilities and about 247,000 acres of undeveloped land .','The assets include stakes in one oil field near Provost , Alberta , plus gas processing facilities and about 247,000 acres of undeveloped land .')))

Input: MiniScribe said it expects to begin full volume production of the drives in the U.S. and Singapore in the first quarter next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MiniScribe said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. and Singapore .','It expects to begin full volume production of the drives in the first quarter next year .'))

Input: The pact calls for the Times to pay dealers $ 3.6 million over six years , as well as other payments in the form of subsidies over three years , based on the number of new customers started by the dealers and on pricing structures , the Times said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE('The pact calls for the Times .','This was to pay dealers $ 3.6 million over six years , as well as other payments in the form of subsidies over three years , based on the number of new customers started by the dealers and on pricing structures .' ), 'This was what the Times said .')

Input: Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to rapid prepayments of loans and costs .', CO/LIST('Loans and costs were incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring .','Loans and costs were incurred in refinancing many house loans summer .' ), 'Mercury attributed the loss .' ), 'Interest rates dipped .'))

Input: Such a focus is more profitable , more efficient and gives us a greater sense of control , said William A. Shane , Mercury 's senior executive vice president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the nine months , Mercury posted a loss of $ 5.4 million , or 86 cents share , against net income of $ 4 million , or 63 cents share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was against net income of $ 4 million , a year earlier .','This was against net income of 63 cents share , a year earlier .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Mercury posted a loss of $ 5.4 million .','Mercury posted a loss of 86 cents share .')))

Input: Mr. Levine noted that Bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above Mr. Green 's offering price for the last several months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Levine was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Levine noted .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the last several months .','Bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above Green 's offering price .')))

Input: Rally 's , a fast-food chain based in Louisville , Ky. , is contending that Mr. Sugarman and two other company directors failed to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission that they intended to acquire a big Rally stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sugarman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rally 's was a fast-food chain based in Louisville , Ky. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rally 's is contending .', CO/LIST(', Sugarman failed to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission that they intended to acquire a big Rally stake .','Two other company directors failed to disclose to the Securities and Exchange Commission that they intended to acquire a big Rally stake .'))))

Input: The ad agency had approached Ms. Midler about appearing , but she declined , citing a longstanding policy of refusing advertising work .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Midler was Ms. .', CO/LIST('The ad agency had approached Midler about .','The ad agency was appearing .' ), ', She declined , citing a longstanding policy of refusing advertising work .'))

Input: The appeals court held : When a distinctive voice of a professional singer is widely known and is deliberately imitated in order to sell a product , the sellers have appropriated what is not theirs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The appeals court held .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A distinctive voice of a professional singer is widely known .', SUB/PURPOSE('A distinctive voice of a professional singer is deliberately imitated in order .','This was to sell a product .' ), 'The sellers have appropriated what is not theirs .')))

Input: At that time , the court held that such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law , which has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of songs and musical compositions but never actual performances .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the court held at that time .',', Such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law .' )CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Federal copyright law has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of songs .','Federal copyright law has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of musical compositions .' ), 'Federal copyright law never actual performances .'))

Input: One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One thing that is a little unnerving is .', CO/LIST('You had three old men on the court of appeals in California .','You was coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is .'))

Input: It has made people think twice about how they use music and is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('It has made .', CO/LIST('People think twice about how they use music .','People is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: In addition , the acquisition includes production assets of Invercon Papermils , a maker of household tissue products for the U.K. and Ireland .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Invercon Papermils is a maker of household tissue products for the U.K. and Ireland .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','The acquisition includes production assets of Invercon Papermils .'))

Input: The company said it plans to form European ventures with Italian and Finnish companies .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with Italian and Finnish companies .','It plans to form European ventures .'))

Input: Some analysts predict that in the absence of market-moving news to push the U.S. unit sharply higher or lower , the currency is likely to drift below 1.80 marks this week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some analysts predict .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/PURPOSE('This is in the absence of market-moving news .','This is to push the U.S. unit sharply higher or lower .' ), 'The currency is likely to drift below 1.80 marks this week .'))

Input: But others reject the view , and forecast the dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But others reject the view .', SUB/ELABORATION('But others forecast .','The dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern .'))

Input: They argue that weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish U.S. economic news and have lent support to the dollar .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they argue .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the dollar .','Weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish U.S. economic news and have lent support .'))

Input: Traders said that statements made over the weekend to quell concern about the stability of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government and the future of her economic program largely failed to reassure investors and bolster the flagging British unit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Margaret Thatcher was Prime Minister .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .',', Statements made over the weekend to quell concern about the stability of Margaret Thatcher 's government .' ), 'The future of her economic program largely failed to reassure investors and bolster the flagging British unit .'))

Input: There is no question that the situation is bad , but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('There is no question .','The situation is bad .' )SUB/ELABORATION('We may be painting a gloomier picture .','We should .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: He predicts the pound will continue to trade in a very volatile fashion , with fits of being oversold and overbought before recovering its losses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He predicts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with fits of being oversold and overbought before recovering its losses .','The pound will continue to trade in a very volatile fashion .'))

Input: They observe that persistent Japanese investor demand for dollars for both portfolio and direct investment has kept a base of support for the dollar at around 140 yen .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they observe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the dollar at around 140 yen .','Persistent Japanese investor demand for dollars for both portfolio and direct investment has kept a base of support .'))

Input: General Electric Capital Corp. 's Monogram Bank USA acquired a Visa and MasterCard portfolio from Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association , an Omaha , Neb. , unit of Commercial Federal Corp. of Omaha .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association were an Omaha , Neb. , unit of Commercial Federal Corp. of Omaha .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association .','General Electric Capital Corp. 's Monogram Bank USA acquired a Visa and MasterCard portfolio .'))

Input: A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square , where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square .', CO/LIST('The police clubbed .','The police detained a number of protesters .'))

Input: U.S. and Soviet negotiators opened talks in New York aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical-weapons arsenals .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in New York .','New York was aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical-weapons arsenals .' ), 'U.S. and Soviet negotiators opened talks .')

Input: South Africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what South Africa 's government said .', CO/LIST('Peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions .','Peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have assisted political changes .'))

Input: Separately , the U.S. Embassy has filed three protests in as many days with China 's government , alleging harassment of diplomats and their families , an embassy source said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Authorities in Algeria said the toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what authorities in Algeria said .', CO/LIST('The toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead .','The toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached about 250 injured .'))

Input: Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Irian Jaya was Indonesia .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fluor Corp. said .','It was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co .'))

Input: In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 .', CO/LIST('Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion .','Fluor had earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share .'))

Input: Nixdorf Computer AG , citing continued profitability problems , said it will have to reduce personnel further , notably in research and development sectors .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Nixdorf Computer AG said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is notably in research and development sectors .','It will have to reduce personnel further .'))

Input: The cuts will be made half within Germany and half abroad .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was within Germany .','This was within half .' ), 'The cuts will be made half abroad .')

Input: In the first nine months of 1989 , Nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % amid good growth in selected areas such as banks and trading companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid good growth .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in selected areas such as banks and trading companies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first nine months of 1989 .','Nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % .')))

Input: The company also cited some success in damping cost increases and said it wants to return to profitability in 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in .','The company also cited some success .' ), 'The company also was damping cost increases .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','It wants to return to profitability in 1990 .'))

Input: GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company , Georgia-Pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Georgia-Pacific was another big paper company .', CO/DISJUNCTION('GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company for $ 58 a share .','GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company for about $ 3.18 billion .'))

Input: The Supreme Court let stand a New York ruling that all manufacturers of an anti-miscarriage drug are liable for injuries or deaths if the actual maker is n't known .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Supreme Court let stand a New York ruling .', SUB/CONDITION('All manufacturers of an anti-miscarriage drug are liable for injuries or deaths .','The actual maker is n't known .'))

Input: Revco received a $ 925 million takeover offer from Texas financier Robert Bass and Acadia Partners .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Bass was Texas financier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Robert Bass and Acadia Partners .','Revco received a $ 925 million takeover offer .'))

Input: Rockefeller Group agreed to sell a 51 % interest to Mitsubishi Estate , a major Japanese developer and property owner , for $ 846 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitsubishi Estate was a major Japanese developer and property owner .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Mitsubishi Estate for $ 846 million .','Rockefeller Group agreed to sell a 51 % interest .'))

Input: Chairman and Chief Executive Joseph Corr was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo , chief of parent Texas Air .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Joseph Corr was Chief Executive .', SUB/ELABORATION('Texas Air was chief of parent .', SUB/ELABORATION('Frank Lorenzo was Texas Air .', CO/LIST(', Chairman was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo .','Joseph Corr was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo .'))))

Input: Allianz of West Germany entered the takeover battle between France 's Paribas and Navigation Mixte .
Prediction: NONE

Input: New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to F.W. Dodge Group .','New construction contracts rose 8 % .' ), ', September was led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects .'))

Input: Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer , told securities analysts in New York that the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings growth in 1990 , although annual growth should return to the traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sam Ginn was chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sam Ginn told securities analysts in New York .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings growth in 1990 .','Although annual growth should return to the traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter .')))

Input: The company , which makes computer parts said fiscal 1989 earnings were down slightly from $ 3.2 million , or 74 cents a share , in fiscal l988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fiscal l988 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company were down slightly from $ 3.2 million .','The company were down slightly from 74 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The company makes .',', Computer parts said fiscal 1989 earnings .')))

Input: Mr. Bixby said that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bixby was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bixby said .','Early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 .'))

Input: Priam Corp. said it filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code and announced a 35 % reduction in its world-wide employment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Priam Corp. said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code .','It filed for protection .' ), 'It announced a 35 % reduction in its world-wide employment .'))

Input: Priam had a loss of $ 25.4 million for the fiscal year ended July 7 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 543,000 , or two cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the fiscal year .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with year-earlier profit of $ 543,000 .','This was compared with two cents a share .' ), 'Priam had a loss of $ 25.4 million .' ), 'The fiscal year was ended July 7 .'))

Input: The French Economics Ministry approved a planned asset swap between the defense and electronics group Thomson-CSF S.A. and the bank group Credit Lyonnais .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thomson-CSF S.A. was electronics group .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Credit Lyonnais was the bank group .', CO/LIST('The French Economics Ministry approved a planned asset swap between the defense .','The French Economics Ministry approved Thomson-CSF S.A. and Credit Lyonnais .')))

Input: The ministry said the swap , details of which were disclosed last Thursday , will allow both state-controlled companies to reinforce operations in their main markets and argued that the move shows the dynamism of France 's state-sector concerns .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the ministry said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in their main markets .','The swap , details of which were disclosed last Thursday , will allow both state-controlled companies to reinforce operations .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the ministry argued .','The move shows the dynamism of France 's state-sector concerns .')))

Input: The move will help the bank to keep up with international solvency ratios being phased in by the Bank for International Settlements and will also represent the first time that its voting shares have been held by a party other than the government .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The move will help the bank to keep up with international solvency ratios .','International solvency ratios were being phased in by the Bank for International Settlements .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The move will also represent the first time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was than the government .','Its voting shares have been held by a party other .')))

Input: In exchange offers that expired Friday , holders of each $ 1,000 of notes will receive $ 250 face amount of Series A 7.5 % senior secured convertible notes due Jan. 15 , 1995 , and 200 common shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in exchange offers .','Holders of each $ 1,000 of notes will receive $ 250 face amount of Series A 7.5 % senior secured convertible notes due Jan. 15 , 1995 , and 200 common shares .' ), 'Exchange offers expired Friday .')

Input: Bio-Technology , a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care , said it made the exchange offer to reduce its interest payments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bio-Technology was a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bio-Technology said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It made the exchange offer .','This was to reduce its interest payments .')))

Input: Its bid : one yen , or less than a U.S. penny .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I understand the firm 's enthusiasm in getting the deal , but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('I understand the firm 's enthusiasm in .','I is getting the deal .' ), ', Such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion .')

Input: The Fujitsu spokeswoman said headquarter officials did n't approve the bid in advance and will take measures so this kind of thing does n't happen in the future .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Fujitsu spokeswoman said .', CO/LIST('Headquarter officials did n't approve the bid in advance .', SUB/ELABORATION('Headquarter officials will take measures .','This kind of thing does n't happen in the future .')))

Input: The system could be used in a fire or earthquake to locate problems , among other things .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among other things .','The system could be used in a fire or earthquake .' ), 'This was to locate problems .')

Input: In the near future , it will be a big market , not just for waterworks , but for all mapping systems , the Fujitsu spokeswoman said .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('A big market is not just for waterworks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the near future .','It will be a big market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for all mapping systems .','The Fujitsu spokeswoman said .')))

Input: But the Japanese practice of deep discounting often is cited by Americans as a classic barrier to entry in Japan 's market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a classic barrier .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to entry in Japan 's market .','But the Japanese practice of deep discounting often is cited by Americans .'))

Input: Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen , according to the Hiroshima government office .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was according to the Hiroshima government office .', CO/LIST('Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen .','Three competitors bid between 500,000 yen .'))

Input: The new nonstop flights , starting next May , will include Chicago-Warsaw , Chicago-Helsinki , Miami-Madrid , Dallas-Barcelona , a second daily Chicago-Paris flight and a second daily Chicago-Manchester flight , the officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The new nonstop flights will include Chicago-Warsaw , Chicago-Helsinki , Miami-Madrid , Dallas-Barcelona , a second daily Chicago-Paris flight and a second daily Chicago-Manchester flight .','The new nonstop flights are starting next May .' ), 'This was what the officials said .')

Input: The additions solidify American 's position as the third-largest U.S. transatlantic carrier , behind PanAm Corp. 's Pan American World Airways and Trans World Airlines .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is as the third-largest U.S. transatlantic carrier .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is behind PanAm Corp. 's Pan American World Airways .','This is behind Trans World Airlines .' ), 'The additions solidify American 's position .'))

Input: Earnings at the department-store division , which generates the bulk of profit , should remain at least stable , while income at the mail-order and tourism units is likely to fall slightly from 1988 , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Earnings at the department-store division should remain at least stable .','Income at the mail-order and tourism units is likely to fall slightly from 1988 .' ), 'This was what the company said .' ), 'Earnings at the department-store division generates the bulk of profit .')

Input: The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price , as fair .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines .', CO/LIST('Analysts described the offer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as fair .','Analysts were representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price .')))

Input: International Paper or Weyerhaeuser could step in .
Prediction: NONE

Input: According to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , options trading in Nekoosa was also heavy , ranking only behind International Business Machines Corp. and UAL in volume on the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in volume on the Chicago Board Options Exchange .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .', CO/LIST('Options trading in Nekoosa was also heavy , ranking only behind International Business Machines Corp. .','Options trading in Nekoosa was also heavy , ranking only behind UAL .')))

Input: Value Line added , With discounts widening on business papers , and with newsprint and corrugated shipments flat , we expect negative earnings comparisons through next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Value Line added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through next year .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with discounts , and with newsprint and corrugated shipments flat .','Discounts are widening on business papers .' ), 'We expect negative earnings comparisons .')))

Input: By contrast , Value Line said Georgia-Pacific is in a comparatively good position to deal with weakening paper markets , because its production is concentrated not in the Northwest but in the South , where it should be able to avoid some of the cost pressures from rising wood-chip prices .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Value Line said by contrast .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/PURPOSE('Georgia-Pacific is in a comparatively good position .','This is to deal with weakening paper markets .' ), 'Its production is concentrated not in the Northwest but in the South .' ), 'It should be able to avoid some of the cost pressures from rising wood-chip prices .'))

Input: Also , it is n't exposed to the weakening newsprint business , and is strong in the less-cyclical tissue business .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','It is n't exposed to the weakening newsprint business .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is also .','It is strong in the less-cyclical tissue business .'))

Input: Ratners Group PLC 's U.S. subsidiary has agreed to acquire jewelry retailer Weisfield 's Inc. for $ 50 a share , or about $ 55 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Weisfield 's Inc. was jewelry retailer .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ratners Group PLC 's U.S. subsidiary has agreed to acquire Weisfield 's Inc. for $ 50 a share .','Ratners Group PLC 's U.S. subsidiary has agreed to acquire Weisfield 's Inc. for about $ 55 million .'))

Input: Ratners and Weisfield 's said they reached an agreement in principle for the acquisition of Weisfield 's by Sterling Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ratners and Weisfield 's said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in principle for the acquisition of Weisfield 's .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Sterling Inc .','They reached an agreement .')))

Input: In the fiscal year ended Jan. 31 , the company reported sales of $ 59.5 million and pretax profit of $ 2.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the fiscal year .','The fiscal year was ended Jan. 31 .' )CO/LIST('The company reported sales of $ 59.5 million .','The company reported pretax profit of $ 2.9 million .'))

Input: McDonnell Douglas Corp. received contracts totaling $ 244.8 million for 72 F-A-18 aircraft for the Navy and helicopter spare parts for the Army .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonnell Douglas Corp. received contracts .', CO/LIST(', Contracts were totaling $ 244.8 million for 72 F-A-18 aircraft for the Navy .',', Contracts were totaling $ 244.8 million for helicopter spare parts for the Army .'))

Input: The company , which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts , now has about 47 million common shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company now has about 47 million common shares outstanding .', CO/LIST('The company makes integrated circuits .','The company makes other electronic parts .'))

Input: The media 's treatment of the Defense Department during the Vietnam War , the Carter administration 's denigration of the military , and the public scapegoating of Lt. Col. Oliver North have all served to emasculate the poor souls who live there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oliver North was Lt. Col. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The media 's treatment of the Defense Department during the Vietnam War , the Carter administration 's denigration of the military , and the public scapegoating of Oliver North have all served to emasculate the poor souls .','The poor souls live there .'))

Input: The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it creates guilt about wearing the uniform , and raises doubt about having the will to fulfill the ghosts ' role , i.e. , to be able to win if called on .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it creates guilt about .','The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it is wearing the uniform .' )CO/LIST('The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it raises doubt about .','The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it was having the will to fulfill the ghosts ' role , i.e. , to be able to win if called on .'))

Input: Ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan -LRB- U.S. naval officer and naval historian -RRB- and Teddy Roosevelt the Navy has been the service most favored by Washington officialdom .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was by Washington officialdom .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was ever since the days of Alfred Thayer Mahan -LRB- U.S. naval officer and naval historian -RRB- .','This was ever since the days of Teddy Roosevelt .' ), 'The Navy has been the service most favored .'))

Input: Mr. Lehman overlooks the fact that the Navy possesses its own air force -LRB- the carrier fleet -RRB- and its own army -LRB- the Marines -RRB- , which in turn has its own air force .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Lehman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lehman overlooks the fact .', CO/LIST('The Navy possesses its own air force -LRB- the carrier fleet -RRB- .','The Navy possesses its own army -LRB- the Marines -RRB- .' ), 'Its own army -LRB- the Marines -RRB- in turn has its own air force .')))

Input: I personally do not want to hasten Mr. Lehman 's demise , but I can see him figuring prominently in his own article .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Lehman is Mr. .','I personally do not want to hasten Lehman 's demise .' ), 'I can see him figuring prominently in his own article .')

Input: Succeeding him as chairman and chief executive will be Frank Lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of Continental 's parent , Texas Air Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Continental 's parent is Texas Air Corp .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as chairman and chief .','Executive are succeeding him .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as chairman and chief .','Executive will be Frank Lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of Continental 's parent .')))

Input: Mr. Foret , 44 , is a 15-year veteran of Texas Air and Texas International Airlines , its predecessor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Foret is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Foret is 44 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Texas International Airlines are its predecessor .', CO/LIST('Foret is a 15-year veteran of Texas Air .','Foret is a 15-year veteran of Texas International Airlines .'))))

Input: But Mr. Corr , a stunt pilot in his spare time , was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under Mr. Lorenzo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corr was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Corr was a stunt pilot in his spare time .','But Corr was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under Lorenzo .'))

Input: Continental is Texas Air 's flagship and was built painfully to its present size under Mr. Lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under Mr. .','Lorenzo was its present size .' )CO/LIST(', Continental is Texas Air 's flagship .',', Continental was built painfully to Lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 .'))

Input: Among the other alumni are Stephen Wolf , now chairman of UAL Inc. , and Thomas Plaskett , president of Pan Am Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Doskocil Cos. said its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 , to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Doskocil Cos. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('Its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 .','This was to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations .'))

Input: The company was to repay $ 58 million in debt on Dec. 31 and $ 15 million on March 31 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on Dec. 31 .','This was on $ 15 million on March 31 .' ), 'The company was to repay $ 58 million in debt .')

Input: An agreement to sell the Wilson assets for $ 150 million in cash and notes collapsed in late September , when the buyer , a company controlled by George Gillett , could n't secure financing .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('An agreement to sell the Wilson assets for $ 150 million in cash and notes collapsed in late September .', SUB/ELABORATION('A company controlled by George Gillett is the buyer .','The buyer could n't secure financing .'))

Input: Australia 's inflation is expected to rise as high as 8.3 % in the quarter ending March 30 , but could fall to around 7 % by June , according to economists .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Australia 's inflation is expected to rise as high as 8.3 % in the quarter .','The quarter was ending March 30 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by June .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to economists .','Australia 's inflation could fall to around 7 % .')))

Input: Charles R. Simpson Jr. , 46 , president and chief operating officer , will assume the chief executive 's post .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Charles R. Simpson Jr. is 46 .',', Charles R. Simpson Jr. is president .',', Charles R. Simpson Jr. is chief operating officer .' ), ', Charles R. Simpson Jr. will assume the chief executive 's post .')

Input: For just as the Arabs were in the 1960s , the farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Arabs were in the 1960s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for .','The farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame .'))

Input: Or , at least , its heart disease .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arvind Patel , a processor and exporter of the seed , raves : If psyllium takes the place of oat bran , it will be huge .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Arvind Patel is a processor and exporter of the seed .','Arvind Patel raves .' )SUB/CONDITION('Psyllium takes the place of oat bran .','It will be huge .'))

Input: Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mustard or fenugreek is a legume .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what local farmers say .','It is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek .'))

Input: The plant has a hairy stem that produces flowers and diminutive seeds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The plant has a hairy stem .', CO/LIST('A hairy stem produces flowers .','A hairy stem produces diminutive seeds .'))

Input: It is the seed 's colorlessness and size -- 1,000 of them weigh only 1.5 grams , or about as much as two paper clips -- that explain the historical allusions to fleas .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It is the seed 's colorlessness and size .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to fleas .', CO/DISJUNCTION('1,000 of them weigh only 1.5 grams -- that explain the historical allusions .','1,000 of them weigh about as much as two paper clips -- that explain the historical allusions .')))

Input: For decades , psyllium husk has been the main ingredient in such laxatives as Procter & Gamble Co. 's Metamucil , the top-selling brand in the U.S. , and Ciba-Geigy Corp. 's Fiberall .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was as Procter & Gamble Co. 's Metamucil .','This was as the top-selling brand in the U.S. .','This was as Ciba-Geigy Corp. 's Fiberall .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for decades .','Psyllium husk has been the main ingredient in such laxatives .'))

Input: But some time ago , researchers discovered that soluble fibers also lower cholesterol levels in the blood .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some time ago , researchers discovered .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the blood .',', Soluble fibers also lower cholesterol levels .'))

Input: Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest ; it ordered two studies on psyllium and cholesterol .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on psyllium and cholesterol .','It ordered two studies .'))

Input: After 16 weeks , the group that took three daily teaspoons of Metamucil saw a significant dip in their general cholesterol levels , and an even larger reduction in levels of low-density lipoproteins , the so-called bad cholesterol .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Low-density lipoproteins were the so-called bad cholesterol .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after 16 weeks .', CO/LIST('The group saw a significant dip in their general cholesterol levels .','The group saw an even larger reduction in levels of low-density lipoproteins .' ), 'The group took three daily teaspoons of Metamucil .')))

Input: General Mills Inc. , the food giant , launched a breakfast cereal called Benefit , containing psyllium , oat , wheat and beet bran ; the words , reduce cholesterol were prominently displayed on its package .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('General Mills Inc. was the food giant .', SUB/ELABORATION('General Mills Inc. launched .', SUB/ELABORATION('A breakfast cereal called .', SUB/ELABORATION('Benefit , containing psyllium , oat , wheat and beet bran ; the words , reduce .',', Cholesterol were prominently displayed on its package .'))))

Input: Suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was suddenly .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on television .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in advertisements and on their cereal boxes .','Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed .')))

Input: This month , the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern that Americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in various forms .','Americans might someday ingest too much psyllium .'))

Input: The FDA has asked Kellogg and General Mills to show research that their cereals are safe .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The FDA has asked Kellogg .','The FDA has asked General Mills .' ), 'This was to show research that their cereals are safe .')

Input: In the newspapers , on the radio and TV , psyllium is everywhere .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the newspapers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the radio and TV .','Psyllium is everywhere .'))

Input: But the news of the boom has yet to trickle down to the farmers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even at the Basic Chemicals , Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Council , the government agency that promotes the seed , the psyllium boom is distant thunder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Basic Chemicals , Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Council are the government agency .','The government agency promotes the seed .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is even at the Basic Chemicals , Pharmaceuticals and Cosmetics Export Promotion Council .','The psyllium boom is distant thunder .'))

Input: The council 's annual report has psyllium on its last page , lumped with such unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and Nux vomica , a plant that induces vomiting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and Nux vomica were a plant .','A plant induces vomiting .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The council 's annual report has psyllium on its last page .','Its last page was lumped with such unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and Nux vomica .'))

Input: Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what big buyers like Procter & Gamble say .','There are other spots on the globe , and in India .' ), 'The seed could be grown .')

Input: It 's not a crop that ca n't be doubled or tripled , says Mr. Krishnamurthy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The reasonable first-year rates can be followed by increases of 60 % or more if a covered employee files a major claim , they complain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For employee and employer alike , the worry is widespread .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for employee and employer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is alike .','The worry is widespread .'))

Input: Surveys repeatedly show that small-business owners rank the availability and rising cost of health insurance as one of their biggest concerns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Surveys repeatedly show .', CO/LIST(', Small-business owners rank the availability .',', Small-business owners rank rising cost of health insurance as one of their biggest concerns .'))

Input: What we 're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance : collect premiums from the healthy , dump the sick and let them pay their own bills .
Prediction: CO/LIST('What we 're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the healthy .', CO/LIST(', Collect premiums , dump the sick .',', Collect premiums , let them pay their own bills .')))

Input: As larger companies increasingly self-insure , or use reserves to pay their own workers ' medical bills , the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Larger companies increasingly self-insure .','Larger companies increasingly use reserves to pay their own workers ' medical bills .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market .','The small-employer market was once a backwater for them .'))

Input: But the general practice makes it more difficult to combine small groups of people into larger groups , thus spreading the risk over a larger base of premiums .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rep. Waxman and Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Waxman was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Edward Kennedy was Waxman .','Edward Kennedy was Democratic Sen. .' ), 'Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem .'))

Input: But first on the list of priorities , says the National Federation of Independent Business , is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items , such as psychiatric care , in basic health plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in basic health plans .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as psychiatric care .','But first on the list of priorities , says the National Federation of Independent Business , is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items .'))

Input: She contends that similar mandates have driven up insurance costs 20 % in Maryland and 30 % in California .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', She contends .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in Maryland .','This was in 30 % in California .' ), ', Similar mandates have driven up insurance costs 20 % .'))

Input: But to Ms. Allen , the employee whose back problem triggered a huge insurance-rate increase , the issue was simple .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Allen was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Allen was the employee .','The employee 's back triggered a huge insurance-rate increase .' ), 'But to Allen , the issue was simple .'))

Input: The Belgian consumer price index rose a provisional 0.1 % in October from the previous month and was up 3.64 % from October 1988 , the Ministry of Economic Affairs said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in October .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the previous month .','The Belgian consumer price index rose a provisional 0.1 % .' ), 'The Belgian consumer price index was up 3.64 % from October 1988 .' ), 'This was what the Ministry of Economic Affairs said .'))

Input: Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year , but the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in September and August .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the ministry said .','The latest rise is slower than gains in September and August .'))

Input: In addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail-order photofinishing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Labels and tapes are data storage disks for computers and mail-order photofinishing .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is in addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe .','This is in addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in copier supplies in the U.S. .' ), 'Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes .'))

Input: A spokesman for the retail jeweler said the company would provide more details today and that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for the retail jeweler said .', CO/LIST('The company would provide more details today .','The company that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week .'))

Input: Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('An uneven pace was the economy .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Hong Kong .','Hong Kong was staggering along at an uneven pace .' ), 'This was with business activity .' ), 'Today itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear .'))

Input: Waning demand reported by importers , retailers and even fancy restaurants all reinforce a profile of a community that is sharply tightening its belt .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what waning demand reported by importers , retailers and even fancy restaurants .', SUB/ELABORATION('All reinforce a profile of a community .','A community is sharply tightening its belt .'))

Input: As many economists and businessmen see it , those incongruities underscore a paradox that seems likely to bedevil the economy throughout the 1990s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Many economists and businessmen see it .', SUB/ELABORATION('Those incongruities underscore a paradox .','A paradox seems likely to bedevil the economy throughout the 1990s .'))

Input: But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation 's democracy movement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That promise sounds shaky .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma .','Those same leaders have fallen back on brute force .' ), 'This was to crush their nation 's democracy movement .'))

Input: A widely held assumption all along has been that , given its robust economy , Hong Kong will be able to attract sufficient foreign money and talent to comfortably offset the outflows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A widely held assumption all along has been .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is given its robust economy .','Hong Kong will be able to attract sufficient foreign money and talent to comfortably offset the outflows .'))

Input: It may experience an upswing or two in between .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in between .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It may experience an upswing .','It may experience two .'))

Input: In a soon-to-be published book on the territory , a political economist , Miron Mushkat , has derived three future scenarios from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials and businessmen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Miron Mushkat was a political economist .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials .','This was from interviews with businessmen .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a soon-to-be published book on the territory .','A political economist has derived three future scenarios .')))

Input: The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The rest are split roughly between optimists and pessimists .','Optimists and pessimists foresee irreparable chaos .' ), 'Optimists expect Hong Kong to hum along as before .')

Input: The consensus of this group , which he dubs realists , is that the local economy will grow through the 1990s at annual rates averaging between 3 % and 5 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The consensus of this group is .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at annual rates .','Annual rates are averaging between 3 % and 5 % .' ), 'The local economy will grow through the 1990s .' ), 'He dubs realists The consensus of this group .'))

Input: The other came in 1974-75 from the combined shock of world recession and a severe local stock market crash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from the combined shock of world recession .','This was from the combined shock of a severe local stock market crash .' ), 'The other came in 1974-75 .')

Input: Going by official forecasts of GDP , which measures the colony 's output of goods and services , minus foreign income , Mr. Mushkat 's realists seem relatively close to the mark .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Mushkat is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Mushkat 's realists are going by official forecasts of GDP .','Mushkat 's realists seem relatively close to the mark .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is minus foreign income .','Official forecasts of GDP measures the colony 's output of goods and services .')))

Input: The updated forecast , published Aug. 25 , compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % published March 1 and a 7.4 % rate achieved in
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The updated forecast compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % .','The updated forecast compares with a 7.4 % rate achieved in .' ), '6 % was published March 1 .' ), 'The updated forecast was published Aug. 25 .')

Input: But clearly we 're entering a difficult period .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once external conditions , such as U.S. demand , swing in the territory 's favor , they argue , local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is such as U.S. demand .','Once external conditions swing in the territory 's favor , they argue , local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as usual .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is such as U.S. demand .','Once external conditions swing in the territory 's favor , they argue , local businessmen will probably continue doing business .')))

Input: As a result , many of those now planning to leave Hong Kong ca n't easily be swayed by momentary improvements in the colony 's political and economic climate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .','Many of those ca n't easily be swayed by momentary improvements in the colony 's political and economic climate .' ), 'Those was planning to leave Hong Kong .')

Input: Emigration applications soared in 1985 , when Britain and China ratified their accord on Hong Kong 's future .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Emigration applications soared in 1985 .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was on Hong Kong 's future .','Britain and China ratified their accord .'))

Input: A large number of those leaving are managers and professionals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bowing to a mounting public outcry , three more major securities firms -- Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. -- announced Friday they would suspend stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Three more major securities firms -- Bear , Stearns & Co. . Inc. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. -- were bowing to a mounting public outcry .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what three more major securities firms -- Bear , Stearns & Co. . Inc. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. -- announced Friday .','They would suspend stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .'))

Input: Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , Bankers Trust Co. and Mellon Capital Management are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street , trading executives say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Wells Fargo Investment Advisers are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street .','Bankers Trust Co. are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street .','Mellon Capital Management are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street .' ), 'This is what trading executives say .')

Input: These huge stock-index funds build portfolios that match the S&P 500 stock index or other stock indexes , and frequently swap between stocks and futures to capture profits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('These huge stock-index funds build portfolios .', CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Portfolios match the S&P 500 stock index .','Portfolios match other stock indexes .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Portfolios frequently swap between stocks and futures .','This is to capture profits .')))

Input: Stock-index funds have grown in popularity over the past decade as pension funds and other institutional investors have sought a low-cost way to match the performance of the stock market as a whole .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stock-index funds have grown in popularity over the past decade .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Pension funds have sought a low-cost way .','Other institutional investors have sought a low-cost way .' ), 'This was to match the performance of the stock market as a whole .'))

Input: Indeed , Morgan Stanley 's president , Richard B. Fisher , said the firm is putting up money to form a group of regulators , investors and investment banks to find out if stock-index arbitrage artificially induces stock-market volatility .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan Stanley 's president was Richard B. Fisher .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Morgan Stanley 's president said .', SUB/PURPOSE('The firm is putting up money .','This is to form a group of regulators , investors and investment banks to find out if stock-index arbitrage artificially induces stock-market volatility .')))

Input: We have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility , Mr. Fisher said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fisher was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility .','This was what Fisher said .'))

Input: Joining the call for some kind of study or regulatory action , Merrill Lynch & Co. recommended program-trading reforms late Friday , including higher margins on stock-index futures and greater regulatory coordination .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Merrill Lynch & Co. was joining the call for some kind of study or regulatory action .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including higher margins on stock-index futures .','This was including higher margins on greater regulatory coordination .' ), 'Merrill Lynch & Co. recommended program-trading reforms late Friday .'))

Input: These rules , they say , permit faster and cheaper trading in futures than in stocks , which frequently knocks the two markets out of line .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is than in stocks .','These rules , they say , permit faster and cheaper trading in futures .' ), ', Stocks frequently knocks the two markets out of line .')

Input: In the series , Virgil Tibbs -LRB- Howard Rollins -RRB- and his wife , Althea -LRB- Anne-Marie Johnson -RRB- have settled in Sparta , Miss .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Virgil Tibbs -LRB- Howard Rollins -RRB- were the series .','His wife were the series .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the series .','Althea -LRB- Anne-Marie Johnson -RRB- have settled in Sparta , Miss .'))

Input: The writer and executive producer of Settle the Score , Steve Sohmer , is a graduate of Yale who participated in a PBS documentary , aired this summer , in which six members of the Yale class of 1963 ruminated about their lives since graduation .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('The writer and executive producer of Settle the Score , Steve Sohmer , is a graduate of Yale who participated in a PBS documentary , aired this summer .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since graduation in a PBS documentary .',', Six members of the Yale class of 1963 ruminated about their lives .' ), 'Graduation in a PBS documentary was aired this summer .'))

Input: But is exile in Hollywood enough ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate -LRB- Jaclyn Smith -RRB- , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kate is the prodigal daughter .','The sole sympathetic character is Kate -LRB- Jaclyn Smith -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Her kinfolk are a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants .',', Southern Protestants 's grim consists mostly of growing peaches .' ), ', She is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk and repressing sex .'))

Input: Every man Kate encounters is either sniggeringly puritanical , viciously patronizing , revoltingly lecherous , or all three .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kate is Every man .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is viciously patronizing .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Kate encounters is either sniggeringly puritanical revoltingly lecherous .','Kate encounters is all three .')))

Input: Add the fact that any one of them , including Pa , could be her attacker , and you have a setting that does n't resemble small-town America , or even Hollywood 's nightmare of small-town America , so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale , itself soon to be -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- a Hollywood movie .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was so much as a paranoid feminist dystopia like Margaret Atwood 's The Handmaid 's Tale .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Pa .','Add the fact that any one of them could be her attacker , and you have a setting , or even Hollywood 's nightmare of small-town America , itself soon to be -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- a Hollywood movie .' ), 'A setting does n't resemble small-town America .'))

Input: Josh makes clumsy passes at Kate when she 's seething with anger and fear , but we know from the outset that he 's not a member of the evil patriarchy .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Kate .','Josh makes clumsy passes .' ), ', She 's seething with anger and fear .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we know from the outset .','He 's not a member of the evil patriarchy .'))

Input: In the aforementioned episode of In the Heat of the Night , we saw Althea being attacked , but we were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the aforementioned episode .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of In the Heat of the Night .','We saw Althea .' ), 'Althea was being attacked .' ), 'We were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle .'))

Input: Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted after management recommended a suspension of dividend payments on both its common and preferred stock because Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(', Crossland Savings Bank 's stock plummeted .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on both its common and preferred stock .','Management recommended a suspension of dividend payments .' ), ', Crossland may not meet the new government capital criteria effective Dec. 7 .'))

Input: A spokesman said the savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements because , under the proposed guidelines , its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the core capital criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman said .', SUB/CAUSE('The savings bank may not qualify for the capital requirements .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the proposed guidelines .','Its $ 380 million of preferred stock does n't meet the core capital criteria outlined under the new Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act of 1989 .')))

Input: Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Crossland said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It retained three investment bankers .','This was to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan .'))

Input: It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double-B-minus\/B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was including the double-B-minus\/B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit .','This was including the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for possible downgrade other securities .','It also placed on CreditWatch .'))

Input: Open it and two soulful eyes on a boy 's brown face peer out from the page , pleadingly .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Open it .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is pleadingly .','Two soulful eyes on a boy 's brown face peer out from the page .'))

Input: No , but he 's endangered all the same : His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was but .','No he 's endangered all the same .' ), 'His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air .')

Input: ABC has n't had much luck with shows featuring blacks in recent years , and the producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with shows .',', Shows were featuring blacks in recent years .' ), 'ABC has n't had much luck .' ), 'The producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate .')

Input: So producers Alyce and Topper Carew spun their Rolodexes and gathered names of black opinion makers to mount a direct-mail campaign .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alyce was producers .', CO/LIST(', So Alyce and Topper Carew spun their Rolodexes .', SUB/PURPOSE(', So Alyce and Topper Carew gathered names of black opinion makers .','This was to mount a direct-mail campaign .')))

Input: The grapevine is n't organized , but you and I know it exists , says Mr. Carew , referring to the often uncannily small world of black professionals and community leaders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I want people in the barber shops and the beauty shops and standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the rib joints .', CO/LIST('I want people in the barber shops .','I want the beauty shops and standing in line .' ), 'This is to be talking about the show .'))

Input: I want white America to talk about it , too , but I 'm convinced that the grapevine is what 's happening .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .','I want white America to talk about it .' ), 'I 'm convinced that the grapevine is what 's happening .')

Input: ABC says it is aware of the producers ' action , but the mailing was sent without the network 's blessing .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what ABC says .','It is aware of the producers ' action .' ), 'The mailing was sent without the network 's blessing .')

Input: Meanwhile , as the Sunday evening show struggles to stay afloat against the tough competition of Murder , She Wrote , the grapevine idea is threatening to turn into a weed : The tactic apparently has inspired sample viewings , but accolades are slow in coming .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Meanwhile , as the Sunday evening show struggles to stay afloat against the tough competition of Murder , She Wrote , the grapevine idea is threatening to turn into a weed .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','The tactic apparently has inspired sample viewings .' ), 'Accolades are slow in coming .'))

Input: Doug Alligood , a black advertising executive who tracks black viewing patterns , gives the Carews an A for marketing moxie , but is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Doug Alligood is a black advertising executive .','A black advertising executive tracks black viewing patterns .' )CO/CONTRAST('Doug Alligood gives the Carews an A for marketing moxie .','Doug Alligood is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction .'))

Input: TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. said it plans to shift its headquarters to Calgary , Alberta , from Toronto next year to cut costs and be closer to the upstream natural-gas industry .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Calgary , Alberta .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is from Toronto .','It plans to shift its headquarters next year to cut costs and be closer to the upstream natural-gas industry .')))

Input: Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of the natural-gas pipeline and marketing concern , said the company 's future growth is increasingly linked to decisions made by Calgary-based gas producers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald Maier was president and chief executive officer of the natural-gas pipeline and marketing concern .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gerald Maier said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The company 's future growth is increasingly linked to decisions .','Decisions were made by Calgary-based gas producers .')))

Input: Since deregulation of the market in 1985 , producers have become much more intensely involved in both transportation and marketing , Mr. Maier said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maier was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since deregulation of the market in 1985 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Producers have become much more intensely involved in both transportation and marketing .','This was what Maier said .')))

Input: That includes all the gas consumed in Ontario and Quebec , along with the bulk of Canadian gas exports to the
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That includes all the gas .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was along with the bulk of Canadian gas exports .','All the gas was consumed in Ontario and Quebec .')))

Input: Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , Mr. Litvinchuk said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Litvinchuk was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Litvinchuk was having more .','A token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships .' ), 'Litvinchuk said .'))

Input: Since the cost of transporting gas is so important to producers ' ability to sell it , it helps to have input and access to transportation companies .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The cost of transporting gas is so important to producers ' ability to sell it .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to transportation companies .','It helps to have input and access .'))

Input: The move , which could cost TransCanada as much as 50 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 42.5 million -RRB- in relocation and severance payments , should be complete by next summer , Mr. Maier said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Maier was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The move should be complete by next summer .','This was what Maier said .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in relocation and severance payments .','The move could cost TransCanada as much as 50 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 42.5 million -RRB- .')))

Input: The company will save between C$ 4 million and C$ 6 million annually in office expenses and other administrative costs by moving to Calgary , Mr. Maier added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maier was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was annually in office expenses .','This was annually in other administrative costs .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was by moving to Calgary .','The company will save between C$ 4 million and C$ 6 million , Maier added .')))

Input: Part of both the costs and the savings could be passed on to shippers on the TransCanada pipeline through tolls , which are based on the value of the pipeline system and the cost of operating it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was through tolls .','Part of both the costs and the savings could be passed on to shippers on the TransCanada pipeline .' )CO/LIST('Tolls are based on the value of the pipeline system .','Tolls are based on the cost of operating it .'))

Input: Since its founding in 1818 , Brooks Brothers , the standard-bearer of the Ivy League look , has eschewed flashy sales promotions and fashion trends -- the rules that most retailers live by .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brooks Brothers were the standard-bearer of the Ivy League look .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since its founding in 1818 .', CO/LIST('Brooks Brothers has eschewed flashy sales promotions .','Brooks Brothers has eschewed fashion trends -- the rules that most retailers live by .')))

Input: So two weeks ago , thousands of Brooks Brothers charge customers -- customers conditioned to wait for twice-yearly clearance sales -- got a surprise : an invitation to come in and buy any one item for 25 % off .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 25 % off .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was so two weeks ago .','Thousands of Brooks Brothers charge customers -- customers conditioned to wait for twice-yearly clearance sales -- got a surprise : an invitation to come in and buy any one item .'))

Input: And the ad copy is cheeky : How can you be a Wall Street hot shot without at least one Brooks Brothers suit in your portfolio ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Brooks Brothers hopes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is about its range of merchandise .',', Shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions .'))

Input: Many clothiers , especially Ralph Lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In keeping with men 's broader fashion scope today , businessmen are dabbling in English and Italian suits that are conservative but not stodgy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Businessmen are keeping with men 's broader fashion scope today .', SUB/ELABORATION('Businessmen are dabbling in English and Italian suits .','English and Italian suits are conservative but not stodgy .'))

Input: Thus , Brooks Brothers has lost customers to stores that offer more variety such as Paul Stuart , Barneys New York and Louis , Boston .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to stores .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was thus .','Brooks Brothers has lost customers .' )CO/LIST(', Stores offer more variety such as Paul Stuart .',', Stores offer more variety such as Barneys New York .',', Stores offer more variety such as Louis , Boston .')))

Input: Fashion industry consultants also question whether the company can make significant strides in its women 's business , given that its customer base is less established and that conservative business dress for women is on the decline .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Fashion industry consultants question .', CO/LIST('Whether the company can make significant strides in its women 's business , given that its customer base is less established .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in its women 's business .','The company can make significant strides .' ), 'That conservative business dress for women is on the decline .')))

Input: Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite these challenges .','Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite these challenges .','Marks & Spencer was noting the widely recognized name and global presence .'))

Input: Brooks Brothers says business is robust at its 30 outlets in Japan and two shops in Hong Kong .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Brooks Brothers says .', CO/LIST('Business is robust at its 30 outlets in Japan .','Business is robust at two shops in Hong Kong .'))

Input: Alan Smith , president of Marks & Spencer North America and Far East , says that Brooks Brothers ' focus is to boost sales by broadening its merchandise assortment while keeping its traditional emphasis .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Smith is president of Marks & Spencer North America and Far East .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Alan Smith says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by broadening its merchandise assortment while keeping its traditional emphasis .','Brooks Brothers ' focus is to boost sales .')))

Input: With newly installed escalators , the store retains its signature wood-and-brass look but is less intimidating .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with newly installed escalators .','The store retains its signature wood-and-brass look .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with newly installed escalators .','The store is less intimidating .'))

Input: The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters , leather backpacks and a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear .', CO/LIST(', Casual sportswear is featuring items such as ski sweaters .',', Casual sportswear is featuring items such as leather backpacks .',', Casual sportswear is featuring items such as a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest .'))

Input: The centerpiece of the overhaul , according to Mr. Roberti , is the men 's tailored clothing department , where Brooks Brothers has added new suit styles and fabrics .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Roberti was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Roberti .','The centerpiece of the overhaul is the men 's tailored clothing department .' ), 'Brooks Brothers has added new suit styles and fabrics .'))

Input: The perception out there is that we are very conservative and we only sell one type of suit , Mr. Roberti says , referring to Brooks Brothers ' signature three-button sack suit , with a center-vented jacket and boxy fit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roberti is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The perception out there is .','We are very conservative .' ), 'We only sell one type of suit .' ), 'This is what Roberti says , referring to Brooks Brothers ' signature three-button sack suit , with a center-vented jacket and boxy fit .'))

Input: The maker of chemical and industrial materials did n't say how much it would pay or when it would make the transactions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arthur Price abruptly quit as president and chief executive officer of MTM Entertainment Inc. , a Los Angeles production company that has fallen on hard times .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('MTM Entertainment Inc. was a Los Angeles production company .','A Los Angeles production company has fallen on hard times .' ), 'Arthur Price abruptly quit as president and chief executive officer of MTM Entertainment Inc. .')

Input: Mr. Gatward declined to comment , and Mr. Price could n't be reached on Friday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Gatward was Mr. .','Gatward declined to comment .' ), 'Mr. Price could n't be reached on Friday .')

Input: But TVS stunned industry analysts last month by disclosing that it expected MTM to post an operating loss for this year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But TVS stunned industry analysts last month by .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what TVS was disclosing .','It expected MTM to post an operating loss for this year .'))

Input: In that announcement , TVS also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new U.S. sales manager .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what TVS said in that announcement .', CO/LIST('It was trimming production finance .','It was hiring a new U.S. sales manager .'))

Input: A C$ 30-a-share bid by Ciba-Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California-based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , was extended to Nov. 16 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Ciba-Geigy Ltd. was a pharmaceutical company .','A C$ 30-a-share bid by Ciba-Geigy Ltd. based in Basel , Switzerland .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', California-based Chiron Corp. was a bioresearch concern .',', California-based Chiron Corp. was extended to Nov. 16 .'))

Input: Merieux , a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in Lyon , France , is controlled 50.1 % by state-owned Rhone Poulenc S.A .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Merieux was a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in Lyon , France .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by state-owned Rhone Poulenc S.A .','Merieux is controlled 50.1 % .'))

Input: The university had sought an injunction blocking Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by Merieux .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Centerior Energy Corp. said the Ohio Water Development Authority approved terms for two series of tax-exempt bonds to finance a water-pollution control and solid-waste disposal facilities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Centerior Energy Corp. said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for two series of tax-exempt bonds .','The Ohio Water Development Authority approved terms .' ), 'This was to finance a water-pollution control and solid-waste disposal facilities .'))

Input: After days of intense but fruitless negotiations , a federal judge last week threatened to convert William Herbert Hunt 's Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy case into a Chapter 7 liquidation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was into a Chapter 7 liquidation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after days of intense but fruitless negotiations .','A federal judge last week threatened to convert William Herbert Hunt 's Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy case .'))

Input: Judge Harold C. Abramson raised the possibility after talks to end a feud between two major creditors failed and all three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Harold C. Abramson was Judge .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after talks .','Harold C. Abramson raised the possibility .' ), 'This was to end a feud between two major creditors failed .' ), 'All three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks .'))

Input: While admitting such a move would be devastating to most creditors , Judge Abramson told a courtroom filled with nearly two dozen attorneys that he was concerned about the toll mounting legal bills will take on Mr. Hunt 's shrinking estate and about the fact that , following voting by creditors , none of the reorganization plans appeared to be viable in their present form .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Abramson was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hunt was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Abramson told .', SUB/ELABORATION('A courtroom filled with nearly two dozen attorneys that he was concerned about the toll will take on Hunt 's shrinking estate and about the fact that , following voting by creditors , none of the reorganization plans appeared to be viable in their present form .','The toll was mounting legal bills .'))))

Input: Despite his reluctance to take the latter step , the judge indicated he would move quickly after hearing testimony later this week in the bitter dispute between Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. and Minpeco S.A. , a minerals concern owned by the Peruvian governmemt .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. and Minpeco S.A. were a minerals concern .','A minerals concern were owned by the Peruvian governmemt .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the judge indicated despite his reluctance to take the latter step .','He would move quickly after hearing testimony later this week in the bitter dispute between Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. and Minpeco S.A. .'))

Input: While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim to more than $ 250 million , Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to more than $ 250 million .','While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim .' ), 'This was what Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million .')

Input: But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in alliance with the IRS .','Manufacturers Hanover contends .' ), 'Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case .'))

Input: The mineral concern 's own reorganization plan met a similar fate after opposition from the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was after opposition .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover .','The mineral concern 's own reorganization plan met a similar fate .'))

Input: Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','Neither plan is dead .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute .','The judge could force creditors to accept some version of them .'))

Input: Terms have n't been finalized , but the transaction is expected to close by year end , Pacific First said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Terms have n't been finalized .','The transaction is expected to close by year end .' ), 'This was what Pacific First said .')

Input: The buyer was GE Capital Railcar Services , Chicago , a major owner of railway equipment and part of the GE Capital operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('GE Capital Railcar Services were Chicago .', CO/LIST('The buyer was GE Capital Railcar Services .','The buyer was a major owner of railway equipment .','The buyer was part of the GE Capital operations .'))

Input: Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('5 p.m. EST was Nov. 6 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share .','Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of about $ 576 million .' ), 'It does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST .')))

Input: In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate as a hoped-for goal of Telerate 's management and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the tender offer supplement .','Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Dow Jones says in the tender offer supplement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a hoped-for goal of Telerate 's management and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance .','It views the 20 % growth rate .')))

Input: Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations about the terms of the offer , but those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about the terms of the offer .','Late last week , representatives of Dow Jones and Telerate began negotiations .' ), 'Those talks did n't result in any changes in the offer .')

Input: Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Barron 's magazine is the Wall Street Journal .', CO/LIST('Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal community newspapers .','Dow Jones operates financial news services and computer data bases .' ), 'Dow Jones owns 67 % of Telerate .'))

Input: Air & Water , which provides environmental services and systems , paid about 1.4 million of its shares for Falcon .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Falcon .','Air & Water paid about 1.4 million of its shares .' ), 'Air & Water provides environmental services and systems .')

Input: -LRB- Jacksonville , Fla. -RRB- -- Charles Bates , president , chief executive and chief operating officer will resign from these positions and the board effective Oct. 31 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('President is chief executive and chief operating officer .',', Charles Bates is president .' )CO/LIST('-LRB- Jacksonville , Fla. -RRB- -- Charles Bates will resign from these positions effective Oct. 31 .','-LRB- Jacksonville , Fla. -RRB- -- Charles Bates will resign from the board effective Oct. 31 .'))

Input: Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president , and retain his positions as chief financial officer and treasurer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as chief financial officer and treasurer .','Kerry P. Charlet will retain his positions .'))

Input: Concord New Horizons Corp. , creators of a 1988 movie called Nam Angels , used the gang 's name and trademarks without authorization , the not-for-profit corporation says in a complaint filed in federal court .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Concord New Horizons Corp. was creators of a 1988 movie .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Concord New Horizons Corp. called Nam Angels .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without authorization .','Nam Angels were used the gang 's name and trademarks .' ), 'This was what the not-for-profit corporation says in a complaint filed in federal court .')))

Input: Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Portrayal of our members as disloyal to each other is totally contrary to the most important values of our organization -- loyalty and trust .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nam Angels shows Angels fighting with each other and also depicts them as showing no remorse when a member is killed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Nam Angels shows Angels .','Angels are fighting with each other .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as .','Nam Angels also depicts them .' ), 'Nam Angels also were showing no remorse when a member is killed .'))

Input: Douglas H. Miller , self-employed in the oil and gas securities business , was named chairman of this oil and gas exploration company , filling a vacancy .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was self-employed in the oil and gas securities business .','Douglas H. Miller was named chairman of this oil and gas exploration company .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was self-employed in the oil and gas securities business .','Douglas H. Miller were filling a vacancy .'))

Input: Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. , president , was elected to the additional posts of chairman and chief executive officer of this utility holding company , effective Feb. 1 , 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. was president .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was effective Feb. 1 , 1990 .','Lawrence M. Gressette Jr. was elected to the additional posts of chairman and chief executive officer of this utility holding company .'))

Input: The 57-year-old Mr. Gressette , who was also elected chairman and chief executive of all Scana subsidiaries , succeeds John A. Warren .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Gressette is The 57-year-old Mr. .','Gressette succeeds John A. Warren .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Gressette was The 57-year-old Mr. .','Gressette was also elected chairman and chief executive of all Scana subsidiaries .'))

Input: Seats on the Amex currently are quoted at $ 151,000 bid and $ 200,000 asked .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Seats on the Amex currently are quoted at $ 151,000 .', CO/LIST('Bid asked $ 151,000 .','$ 200,000 asked $ 151,000 .'))

Input: When the smoke cleared , six people were dead -LRB- three from heart attacks -RRB- , and everyone wondered what in the world they were shooting at .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The smoke cleared .',', Six people were dead -LRB- three from heart attacks -RRB- .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what everyone wondered .','What in the world they were shooting at .'))

Input: Well , thousands of Californians on the scene insisted the ammo had been uselessly aimed at a large , hardy UFO , but you will just have to make your own decision about such sightings .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what thousands of Californians on the scene insisted .','The ammo had been uselessly aimed at a large , hardy UFO .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is about such sightings .','You will just have to make your own decision .'))

Input: One thing 's for sure : There have been a ton of them , and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One thing 's for sure .', CO/LIST('There have been a ton of them .','Greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest .'))

Input: I think we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the American people .','We owe it .' ), 'This is to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject .'))

Input: Jimmy Carter went further in a 1976 campaign promise : If I become president , I 'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public , and the scientists .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jimmy Carter went further in a 1976 campaign promise .', SUB/CONDITION('I become president .', CO/LIST('I 'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public .','I 'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the scientists .')))

Input: But you know about campaign promises .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For instance , witnesses in Voronezh say the pinheaded behemoths and their robot friend , after strolling around the city park , left behind some rocks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what witnesses in Voronezh say for instance .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after strolling around the city park .', CO/LIST('The pinheaded behemoths left behind some rocks .','Their robot friend left behind some rocks .')))

Input: Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Another guy who thinks they 're out there and closing fast is Whitley Strieber , whose new novel , Majestic -LRB- Putnam , 317 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , takes a look at a reported 1947 UFO crash near the Roswell Army Air Field in a New Mexico desert .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Putnam was 317 pages .', SUB/ELABORATION('Another guy is Whitley Strieber , whose new novel , Majestic -LRB- Putnam $ 18.95 -RRB- , takes a look at a reported 1947 UFO crash near the Roswell Army Air Field in a New Mexico desert .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what another guy thinks .','They 're out there and closing fast .')))

Input: Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business , which accounted for half of the Dutch chemical company 's sales , led to huge losses and left Akzo 's survival in doubt .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business led to huge losses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in doubt .','Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business left Akzo 's survival .' ), 'Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business accounted for half of the Dutch chemical company 's sales .'))

Input: Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants , Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders -LRB- $ 1.88 billion -RRB- on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Akzo was slashing costs .','Akzo was investing heavily in its plants .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on acquisitions since 1983 .','Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders -LRB- $ 1.88 billion -RRB- .' ), 'This was to give it better balance .'))

Input: The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The fibers business now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales .', CO/LIST('The fibers business 's products go into textiles .','The fibers business 's products go into carpeting .','The fibers business 's products go into myriad industrial uses .'))

Input: But he said Akzo is considering alliances with American drug companies , although he would n't elaborate .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Akzo is considering alliances with American drug companies .','Although he would n't elaborate .'))

Input: The bank projects Akzo will show per-share earnings of 24 guilders in 1990 , up from an estimated 22.5 guilders for this year and the 20.9 guilders reported for 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Akzo was The bank projects .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1990 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from an estimated 22.5 guilders for this year .','Akzo will show per-share earnings of 24 guilders .' ), 'The 20.9 guilders reported for 1988 .')))

Input: For example , Akzo has only minor petrochemical operations , is small in plastics and does n't make fertilizers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','Akzo has only minor petrochemical operations .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','Akzo is small in plastics .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','Akzo does n't make fertilizers .'))

Input: Thus , while Akzo profited less than many rivals from the boom of recent years in petrochemicals and plastics , it has less to fear from the current slump .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the boom of recent years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in petrochemicals and plastics .','Akzo profited less than many rivals .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is thus .','It has less to fear from the current slump .')))

Input: To reduce the danger of such pricing cycles , Akzo has invested heavily in specialty chemicals , which have highly specific industrial uses and tend to produce much higher profit margins than do bulk chemicals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This was to reduce the danger of such pricing cycles .','Akzo has invested heavily in specialty chemicals .' )CO/LIST(', Specialty chemicals have highly specific industrial uses .',', Specialty chemicals tend to produce much higher profit margins than do bulk chemicals .'))

Input: But Akzo is still slimming down : It recently announced plans to eliminate about 1,700 fiber-related jobs in the Netherlands and West Germany .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But Akzo is still slimming down .', SUB/PURPOSE('It recently announced plans .','This was to eliminate about 1,700 fiber-related jobs in the Netherlands and West Germany .'))

Input: Sales growth of 10 % a year seems possible , he said , and Akzo expects its Twaron business to become profitable in 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sales growth of 10 % a year seems possible .', SUB/PURPOSE('Akzo expects its Twaron business .','This is to become profitable in 1990 .'))

Input: In August , for example , it completed the $ 110 million acquisition of Reliance Universal Inc. , a U.S. maker of industrial coatings for wood , metals and plastics , from Tyler Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reliance Universal Inc. was a U.S. maker of industrial coatings for wood , metals and plastics .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Tyler Corp .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','It completed the $ 110 million acquisition of Reliance Universal Inc. .'))))

Input: Mr. Bergsma said Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes cost savings and other benefits from its greater scale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bergsma was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bergsma said .', CO/LIST('Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes cost savings from its greater scale .','Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes other benefits from its greater scale .')))

Input: Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe .', SUB/PURPOSE('Akzo is still seeking regulatory approvals .','This is to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan .'))

Input: He is a politician with the courage of true conviction , as in summarily sacking exchange controls and in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation to 40 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as in summarily sacking exchange controls .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 40 % .','This is as in summarily in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation .' ), 'He is a politician with the courage of true conviction .'))

Input: The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates , conservative , free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The problem is .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates .',', Conservative , free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps .'))

Input: And there are the twin-deficit Keynesians , who predict\/advocate devaluations to balance trade flows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And there are the twin-deficit Keynesians .', SUB/PURPOSE('The twin-deficit Keynesians predict\/advocate devaluations .','This was to balance trade flows .'))

Input: This is a problem not only for Prime Minister Thatcher but for President Bush , as shown in the ongoing bickering over the dollar between the Federal Reserve and the Mulford Treasury .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was Prime Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', CO/LIST('This is a problem not only for Thatcher but for Bush , as shown in the ongoing bickering over the dollar between the Federal Reserve .','This is a problem not only for Thatcher but for Bush , as shown in the ongoing bickering over the dollar between the Mulford Treasury .')))

Input: He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth in Britain , but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates , indeed joining the European Monetary System .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Britain .','He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by targeting exchange rates .','He wanted to regulate monetary policy , indeed joining the European Monetary System .'))

Input: To make matters even more confusing , the earlier U.S. experience made clear that Mr. Lawson 's tax cuts would have profound effects on Britain 's international accounts and the value of sterling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('This was to make matters even more confusing .', SUB/ELABORATION('The earlier U.S. experience made clear .', CO/LIST('Lawson 's tax cuts would have profound effects on Britain 's international accounts .','Lawson 's tax cuts would have the value of sterling .'))))

Input: They increased the after-tax rate of return and made Britain a far more attractive place to invest , producing sudden capital inflows .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They increased the after-tax rate of return .', SUB/PURPOSE('They made Britain a far more attractive place .','This was to invest , producing sudden capital inflows .'))

Input: At this point , the options were : Crunch money to stop the boost in the aggregates , as Sir Alan surely advised , and forget the soaring pound .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan was Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the aggregates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at this point .','The options were : Crunch money to stop the boost , as Alan surely advised , and forget the soaring pound .')))

Input: But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation , which has also seemed almost impervious to the high interest rates Mr. Lawson deployed to stop it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was the high interest rates Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('High inflation has also seemed almost impervious to Lawson .','Lawson was deployed to stop it .')))

Input: We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('John Major was his successor and one-time deputy .', CO/LIST('We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Lawson 's resignation .','We offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy .')))

Input: Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In fixing rates the choice of initial parities is crucial , for example , and perhaps he picked the wrong pound-DM rate .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fixing rates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','The choice of initial parities is crucial .' ), 'Perhaps he picked the wrong pound-DM rate .'))

Input: We would add that in political terms , Mrs. Thatcher 's problem was failing to decide between the Chancellor and her adviser .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('We would add .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in political terms .', CO/LIST('Thatcher 's problem was failing to decide between the Chancellor .','Thatcher 's problem was failing to decide between her adviser .'))))

Input: In particular , shadowing a currency is anything but fixing ; it is an open announcement that the exchange rate target has no credibility .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in particular .',', Shadowing a currency is anything but fixing .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in particular .','It is an open announcement .' ), 'The exchange rate target has no credibility .'))

Input: What Mr. Major and Mrs. Thatcher will do now remains to be seen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Major was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was Mrs. .','What Major and Thatcher will do now remains to be seen .'))

Input: This was the version of supply-side economics that , in the late 1970s and early '80s , worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was the version of supply-side economics .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the late 1970s and early '80s .','The version of supply-side economics worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today .'))

Input: First and foremost , Mr. Phillips said he hopes to improve client service .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Phillips said .','He hopes to improve client service .'))

Input: But Mr. Phillips recently freed himself up to spend more time with clients by delegating much of his administrative work to a deputy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('But Phillips recently freed himself up to a deputy .','This was to spend more time with clients by delegating much of his administrative work .'))

Input: He also plans to get to know clients that Mr. Roman was closer to , such as Lever Brothers , American Express and Seagram .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roman was clients that Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as Lever Brothers .','He also plans to get to know Roman was closer to American Express and Seagram .'))

Input: Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , but two or three times a week , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Clients want to see more of our senior people -- not once a month , but two or three times a week .','Our senior people were involved in the business .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Now Mr. Phillips says he hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including American Express , American Telephone & Telegraph and Ryder -- by year 's end .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Phillips says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by year 's end .', CO/LIST('He hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including American Express -- .','He hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including American Telephone & Telegraph -- .','He hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including Ryder -- .'))))

Input: Under his watch , office politicking was often rampant in the agency 's New York operation and the office there has had a dismal new-business record for more than a year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under his watch .','Office politicking was often rampant in the agency 's New York operation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was under his watch .','The office there has had a dismal new-business record for more than a year .'))

Input: Mr. Roman , by contrast , seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in duck feet and a duck hat , costumed as a lame duck .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by contrast .', CO/LIST('Roman seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in duck feet , costumed as a lame duck .','Roman seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in a duck hat , costumed as a lame duck .')))

Input: Mr. Phillips said the company 's expected margin improvement will be all but inevitable , given that the company 's profitability was dragged down this year by an expensive move to luxurious , oversized new New York headquarters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Phillips said .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was given .','The company 's profitability was dragged down this year by an expensive move to luxurious , oversized new New York headquarters .' ), 'The company 's expected margin improvement will be all but inevitable .')))

Input: Ogilvy eliminated the mail room staff , closed the executive dining room and , after the takeover , let go half a dozen financial executives .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ogilvy eliminated the mail room staff .','Ogilvy closed the executive dining room .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is after the takeover .','Ogilvy let go half a dozen financial executives .'))

Input: In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize negative reaction from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Klein was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alex Kroll was the agency 's chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Alex Kroll said in an internal memo .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from prospective clients and others .','Klein decided to remove himself to minimize negative reaction and to prepare for his defense .'))))

Input: Mr. Klein will work with Mr. Kroll on some of the agency 's joint venture activities and acquisitions while the case is pending .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Klein is Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on some of the agency 's joint venture activities and acquisitions .','Klein will work with Kroll .' ), 'The case is pending .'))

Input: Wells , Rich , Greene named Cheryl Heller as an executive vice president and creative partner in its image group , which concentrates on fashion and visually oriented advertising .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its image group .','Wells , Rich , Greene named Cheryl Heller as an executive vice president and creative partner .' ), 'Its image group concentrates on fashion and visually oriented advertising .')

Input: She said it was too early to say what would happen to its clients , including Reebok and Apple .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Reebok and Apple .','It was too early to say what would happen to its clients .'))

Input: As previously reported , the account is troubled , with Philip Morris asking Backer Spielvogel Bates , Ogilvy & Mather , and possibly others to try their hand at developing new creative work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with Philip Morris .','As previously reported , the account is troubled .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Philip Morris is asking Backer Spielvogel Bates , Ogilvy & Mather , and possibly others .','This is to try their hand at developing new creative work .'))

Input: Sales for both years reflect 12-month performances for each year of I. Magnin , Bullock 's , and Bullocks Wilshire .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for each year of I. Magnin .','This is for each year of Bullock 's .','This is for each year of Bullocks Wilshire .' ), ', Sales for both years reflect 12-month performances .')

Input: The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation , which bondholders use a measurement of the chain 's ability to pay its existing debt , increased 11 % in fiscal 1989 to $ 926.1 million from $ 833.6 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fiscal 1989 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 926.1 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 833.6 million .','The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation increased 11 % .' ), 'Bondholders use a measurement of the chain 's ability to pay its existing debt The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation .')))

Input: Altogether , Macy and its subsidiaries own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is altogether .', CO/LIST('Macy own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide .','Its subsidiaries own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide .'))

Input: While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes , we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes .', SUB/ELABORATION('We will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise .','Our customers need and want merchandise .'))

Input: Mr. Finkelstein is apparently referring to B. Altman and Bonwit Teller , two New York retailers that have recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , as well as the retail chains owned by financially troubled Campeau Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Finkelstein was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('B. Altman and Bonwit Teller were two New York retailers .','Two New York retailers have recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .' )CO/LIST('Finkelstein is apparently referring to B. Altman .','Finkelstein is apparently referring to Bonwit Teller , as well as the retail chains owned by financially troubled Campeau Corp .')))

Input: Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field , retailers now owned by B.A.T PLC , the British tobacco conglomerate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('B.A.T PLC was the British tobacco conglomerate .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field were retailers .','Retailers were owned by B.A.T PLC .' )CO/LIST('Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue .','Other retail properties for sale include Marshall Field .')))

Input: The volume and profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , but looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , wrote Mr. Finkelstein .
Prediction: NONE

Input: RJR Nabisco Inc. said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what RJR Nabisco Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for $ 370 million .','It agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses .')))

Input: Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit .','RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion .'))

Input: RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses , Mr. Gerstner said Friday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gerstner was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on our own core businesses .', CO/LIST('RJR Nabisco will concentrate more .','Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more .' ), 'This was what Gerstner said Friday .')))

Input: Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235.5 million , or $ 2.07 a share .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 235.5 million .','Net was $ 2.07 a share .'))

Input: Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property\/casualty market for nearly three years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 59 million .','Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the property\/casualty market for nearly three years .', CO/LIST('Profit for its commercial insurance division was reflecting higher catastrophe losses .','Profit for its commercial insurance division was reflecting the price war .')))

Input: Third-quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Third-quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the sale of Federated Investors .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in August .','This was in a $ 15 million tax credit .' ), 'Net realized capital gains of $ 48 million included $ 27 million .')))

Input: Here was the state security appartus poised to pounce on any words or acts of provocation , let alone revolution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Here was the state security appartus .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was let alone .','The state security appartus was poised to pounce on any words or acts of provocation revolution .'))

Input: We stand for peace today and we will stand for peace tomorrow , said Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who , along with five of his colleagues , served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Meanwhile , the many organizations inside the country that back the ANC are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency , which has severely curtailed black opposition , remains in force .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','The many organizations inside the country are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency remains in force .' ), 'The country back the ANC .' ), 'The state of emergency has severely curtailed black opposition .')

Input: The government may ease repression in some areas , but it still keeps a tight grip in others .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in some areas .','The government may ease repression .' ), 'It still keeps a tight grip in others .')

Input: Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria and urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation , known as apartheid .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(', Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments .','This was to increase sanctions against Pretoria .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was inside the country .',', Speakers urged supporters .' ), 'This was to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation , known as apartheid .'))

Input: Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CAUSE('The ANC remains banned .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what both the government , and the organizers , denied .','It was an ANC rally .' ), 'The organizers orchestrated it .' ), 'The government approved the rally .'))

Input: As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ; lift all bans and restrictions on individuals and organizations ; remove all troops from the black townships ; end the state of emergency , and cease all political trials and political executions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sisulu was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('A police helicopter circled overhead .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ; lift all bans and restrictions on individuals and organizations ; remove all troops from the black townships ; end the state of emergency , and cease all political trials and political executions .',', Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands .')))

Input: Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Westinghouse believes .', SUB/ELABORATION('It will ride a wave of demand .','Demand is stretching over the next six years .')))

Input: Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among others .','Already this year , it has received orders .')))

Input: But last June 's annnouncement that Westinghouse would put up all of the $ 70 million to build a new 55-megawatt plant could herald a new age .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power to the Southern California Edison Co. and backup power and steam to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Southern California Edison Co. .','Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co .','Westinghouse 's plant will backup power and steam .'))

Input: At the same time , Westinghouse hopes its venture with Mitsubishi will help fend off growing competition , particularly in the U.S. , from such European competitors as Asea Brown Boveri AG , Siemens AG , and British General Electric Co .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Westinghouse hopes at the same time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from such European competitors as Asea Brown Boveri AG .','This is from such European competitors as Siemens AG .','This is from such European competitors as British General Electric Co .' ), 'Its venture with Mitsubishi will help fend off growing competition in the U.S. .')))

Input: Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as natural gas or oil rise sharply or if utilities , which have been pressured by regulators to keep down rates , are suddenly freed to add significant generating capacity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Westinghouse acknowledges .','Demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as natural gas or oil rise sharply or if utilities are suddenly freed to add significant generating capacity .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Utilities have been pressured by regulators .','This was to keep down rates .'))

Input: John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , says he expects a commercial order by 1995 for the company 's AP600 nuclear power plant , which is under development .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('John C. Marous is chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what John C. Marous says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by 1995 for the company 's AP600 nuclear power plant .','He expects a commercial order .' ), 'The company 's AP600 nuclear power plant is under development .')))

Input: A three is 10 times 10 again , and so on .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By Richterian standards , the show that the Oakland Athletics put on Friday and Saturday nights , in putting a mercifully swift end to the game 's Longest Short Series , rated somewhere between a 10 and an 11 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by Richterian standards .','The show .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in putting a mercifully swift end to the game 's Longest Short Series .', CO/LIST('The Oakland Athletics put on Friday and Saturday nights rated somewhere between a 10 .','The Oakland Athletics put on Friday and Saturday nights rated somewhere between an 11 .')))

Input: The boys with the white elephants on their sleeves might not have made the earth move much , but they certainly did some impressive things with baseballs .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The boys with the white elephants on their sleeves might not have made the earth move much .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with baseballs .','They certainly did some impressive things .'))

Input: They showed up , but did n't -- or could n't -- challenge .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They showed up .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They did n't .','They challenge .'))

Input: They led for nary an inning in the four games , and managed to stir their fans only once .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the four games .','They led for nary an inning .' ), 'They managed to stir their fans only once .')

Input: But Clark flied out to short right field and Mitchell 's drive to left was caught on the warning track by Rickey Henderson as 62,000 sets of lungs exhaled as one .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But Clark flied out to short right field .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Mitchell 's drive to left was caught on the warning track by Rickey Henderson .','62,000 sets of lungs exhaled as one .'))

Input: I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything , and that 's what we did .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything .', SUB/ELABORATION('That 's .','We did .'))

Input: They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in regular-season wins .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with 99 .','They led the Major Leagues .' ), 'They flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals .'))

Input: Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set , and their nine home runs tied one .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a four-game set .','Their 85 total bases broke a record .' ), 'Their nine home runs tied one .')

Input: Rickey Henderson , the do-everything leadoff man , had nine hits and set or tied four-game Series marks for triples -LRB- 2 -RRB- and stolen bases -LRB- 3 -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rickey Henderson was the do-everything leadoff man .', CO/LIST('Rickey Henderson had nine hits .', CO/LIST('Rickey Henderson set or tied four-game Series marks for triples -LRB- 2 -RRB- .','Rickey Henderson set or tied four-game Series marks for stolen bases -LRB- 3 -RRB- .')))

Input: The other is that he 's an Oakland native , and lifted residents ' spirits by his visits to quake-hit areas last week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The other is .', CO/LIST('He 's an Oakland native .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by his visits .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to quake-hit areas .','He lifted residents ' spirits last week .'))))

Input: Give me four or five more Series with these guys , and I do n't care if I ever win a Cy Young , he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Give me four or five more Series with these guys .', SUB/ELABORATION('Young is a Cy .', SUB/CONDITION('I do n't care .','I ever win Young .' ), 'This was what he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award .')))

Input: It was widely predicted that free agency would allow the glamorous , big market teams to monopolize the best talent , but quite the opposite has occurred : Twelve different clubs have won titles in the 14 seasons since its advent .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It was widely predicted .','Free agency would allow the glamorous , big market teams to monopolize the best talent .' ), 'Quite the opposite has occurred .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was since its advent .','Twelve different clubs have won titles in the 14 seasons .'))

Input: The rationale for responding to your customers ' needs faster than the competition can is clear : Your company will benefit in terms of market share , customer satisfaction and profitability .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The rationale for responding to your customers ' needs faster than the competition can is clear .', CO/LIST('Your company will benefit in terms of market share .','Your company will benefit in terms of customer satisfaction .','Your company will benefit in terms of profitability .'))

Input: Most of us grew up believing in the axioms Haste makes waste and Do n't cut corners , ideas that seem to run counter to the concept of managing speed , says Dean Cassell , vice president for product integrity at Grumman Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(', Companies train their managers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as part of their service .',', Companies actually market speed .' ), 'This is to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations .'))

Input: Managers learn to spot opportunities to increase customer satisfaction through speed , and shift some responsibility for analyzing , improving and streamlining work processes from themselves to teams of employees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to teams of employees .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through speed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for analyzing , improving and streamlining work processes from themselves .','Managers learn to spot opportunities to increase customer satisfaction , and shift some responsibility .')))

Input: The packages must be sorted quickly and distributed to smaller vans for delivery , so couriers can be on the road by 8:35 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The packages must be sorted quickly .','The packages must be distributed to smaller vans for delivery .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by 8:35 .',', Couriers can be on the road .'))

Input: Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was following a problem-solving formula .','A problem-solving formula was used by teams throughout Federal Express .' ), 'Members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way .')

Input: The team included craftsmen from the shop floor as well as engineering , scheduling and purchasing personnel , reports Alan Westendorf , director of quality .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem and identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical or could be handled by workers already on the line .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Tonawanda team determined .','Holdups for inspections were the main problem .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Tonawanda team identified .','Which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was already on the line .','The Tonawanda team could be handled by workers .'))

Input: The team was composed of representatives from engineering , manufacturing , corporate estimating , flight test , material , quality control , and other departments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from engineering .','This was from manufacturing .','This was from corporate estimating .','This was from flight test .','This was from material .','This was from quality control .','This was from other departments .' ), 'The team was composed of representatives .')

Input: Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as a component of quality .','This is as a key to customer satisfaction .' ), 'Managers in all three companies recognize speed .')

Input: That 's the conclusion of an independent report prepared by the Office of Technology Assessment at the request of the House and Senate judiciary committees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That 's the conclusion of an independent report .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the request of the House and Senate judiciary committees .','An independent report was prepared by the Office of Technology Assessment .'))

Input: The longstanding position of the Recording Industry Association of America , a trade group based in Washington , D.C. , is that record companies , performers , songwriters and music publishers need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties lost to home taping .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The longstanding position of the Recording Industry Association of America was a trade group based in Washington , D.C. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The longstanding position of the Recording Industry Association of America is .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Record companies need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties .','Performers need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties .',', Songwriters need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties .','Music publishers need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties .' ), 'Royalties were lost to home taping .')))

Input: What -LCB- the report -RCB- shows is everything we 've been saying for the past eight or nine years -- that audio taping is the best thing to happen for the recording industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('What -LCB- the report -RCB- shows is everything -- that audio taping is the best thing .','To happen for the recording industry the best thing .' ), 'We 've been saying for the past eight or nine years everything .')

Input: Trish Heimers , a spokesperson for RIAA says her organization has n't received a copy of the completed report yet and has no immediate comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trish Heimers was a spokesperson for RIAA .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Trish Heimers says .', CO/LIST('Her organization has n't received a copy of the completed report yet .','Her organization has no immediate comment .')))

Input: A recent agreement between the recording industry and electronics manufacturers requires that any digital audio tape , or DAT , recorder sold in the U.S. have a built-in device that restricts its ability to make second copies from DAT tape copies of digital compact disks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A recent agreement between the recording industry and electronics manufacturers requires .', SUB/ELABORATION('Any digital audio tape , or DAT , recorder sold .', SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. have a built-in device .','A built-in device restricts its ability to make second copies from DAT tape copies of digital compact disks .')))

Input: Under current copyright laws , it is considered fair use to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under current copyright laws .','It is considered fair use .' ), 'This was to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited .')

Input: A survey contained in the 291-page report , Copyright and Home Copying : Technology Challenges the Law , found that most people consider home copying for such personal use a right -- a right , moreover , that was exercised by 40 % of Americans over the age of 10 in the past year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action but suggest a range of options that Congress may pursue .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action .', SUB/ELABORATION('Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment suggest a range of options .',', Congress may pursue .'))

Input: The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology , and says that finding an appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the study says .', SUB/PURPOSE('Advent of new communications technologies makes an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable .','This is to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the study says .','Finding an appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one .')))

Input: And in little more than a decade of being friendly -- and at the same time rocking the staid Swiss business community with some U.S.-style wheeling and dealing -- the 46-year-old Mr. Rey has grown from a modest banker to a billionaire .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rey was the 46-year-old Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a billionaire .','And in little more than a decade of being friendly -- and at the same time rocking the staid Swiss business community with some U.S.-style wheeling and dealing -- Rey has grown from a modest banker .'))

Input: But approval is almost certain since Mr. Rey and a friendly Adia management are in control .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rey is Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('But approval is almost certain .', CO/LIST('Rey are in control .','A friendly Adia management are in control .')))

Input: This will be his return on an original investment of between 50 million Swiss francs and 80 million Swiss francs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is on an original investment of between 50 million Swiss francs .','This is on an original investment of 80 million Swiss francs .' ), 'This will be his return .')

Input: Mr. Rey bought a controlling stake in Inspectorate for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982 , building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rey was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Inspectorate .','Rey bought a controlling stake for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982 .' ), 'Rey was building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions .'))

Input: Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva and a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water and offer a view of the French Alps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Home is an estate with green meadows .', CO/LIST('Green meadows are opening onto Lake Geneva .','Green meadows are opening onto a low-slung house .' )CO/LIST('A low-slung house 's rooms overlook the water .','A low-slung house 's rooms offer a view of the French Alps .')))

Input: In short : Rey found companies with weak earnings but rich assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with weak earnings but rich assets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in short .',': Rey found companies .'))

Input: Looking into Bally , he could hardly believe what he saw : a company with enormous real-estate holdings in major European cities and a market capitalization of 28 million Swiss francs ; it had 7,000 employees .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('He was looking into Bally .', CO/LIST('He could hardly believe what he saw : a company with enormous real-estate holdings in major European cities .','He could hardly believe what he saw : a company with a market capitalization of 28 million Swiss francs .' ), 'It had 7,000 employees .'))

Input: Investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his parents and his wife , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rey was Mr. .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Rey was investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his parents .','Rey was investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his wife .' ), 'Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares .'))

Input: But such tactics were alien to Switzerland in 1976 , and still are n't common because of share restrictions that companies are allowed to maintain .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But such tactics were alien to Switzerland in 1976 .', SUB/ELABORATION('But such tactics still are n't common because of share restrictions .',', Companies are allowed to maintain .'))

Input: And he has worked to shed his raider image .
Prediction: NONE

Input: With the nonferrous metals business undermined in Switzerland by tough foreign competition and high domestic costs , this looked like a dull undertaking .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the nonferrous metals business .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by tough foreign competition .','This was by high domestic costs .' ), 'The nonferrous metals business were undermined in Switzerland .' ), 'This looked like a dull undertaking .'))

Input: But Mr. Rey brought about a merger in the next few years between the country 's major producers ; the increased efficiency has perked up the industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Rey was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the next few years between the country 's major producers .','But Rey brought about a merger .' ), 'The increased efficiency has perked up the industry .'))

Input: In 1987 , Mr. Rey bested leading publishing houses to take over Switzerland 's Jean Frey AG , a major producer of magazines and newspapers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rey was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Switzerland 's Jean Frey AG was a major producer of magazines and newspapers .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .','Rey bested leading publishing houses .' ), 'This was to take over Switzerland 's Jean Frey AG .')))

Input: And with the recent acquisition of 30 % of Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer Gebrueder Sulzer AG , Mr. Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gebrueder Sulzer AG was Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rey was Mr. .','And with the recent acquisition of 30 % of Gebrueder Sulzer AG , Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight .'))

Input: Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire runs under the name Omnicorp Offering Services and handles mergers and acquisitions , placement of securities and real estate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rey is this branch of Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Omnicorp Offering Services is the name .', CO/LIST('Today , Rey 's empire runs under Omnicorp Offering Services .', CO/LIST('Today , Rey 's empire handles mergers and acquisitions .','Today , Rey 's empire handles placement of securities .','Today , Rey 's empire handles real estate .'))))

Input: Companies move in and out , says Helga Kern of KK Swiss Investment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .', CO/LIST('It makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection .','It makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of temporary help .')))

Input: I do n't want to be like -LCB- financier Alan -RCB- Bond and the other Australians .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan -RCB- Bond is financier .', CO/LIST('I do n't want to be like -LCB- Alan -RCB- Bond .','I do n't want to be like the other Australians .'))

Input: Meanwhile , Boeing officials and representatives of the Machinists union met separately last night with a federal mediator in an attempt to break the month-old strike that has shut the aerospace giant 's assembly lines at a time when it has an $ 80 billion backlog of jetliner orders .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','Boeing officials and representatives of the Machinists union met separately last night with a federal mediator in an attempt .' ), 'This was to break the month-old strike that has shut the aerospace giant 's assembly lines at a time when it has an $ 80 billion backlog of jetliner orders .')

Input: Boeing has said repeatedly it wo n't expand its offer and the machinists have responded that the offer is n't good enough .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Boeing has said .', CO/LIST('Repeatedly it wo n't expand its offer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the machinists have responded .','The offer is n't good enough .')))

Input: About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week .', SUB/PURPOSE('About 1,000 strikers were calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives .','This was to schedule new meetings .'))

Input: B. Dan Pinick , president of Boeing Aerospace and Electronics , will become president of the new group , which will become operational Jan. 2 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('B. Dan Pinick is president of Boeing Aerospace and Electronics .','B. Dan Pinick will become president of the new group .' ), 'The new group will become operational Jan. 2 .')

Input: In addition , Boeing said it also will reorganize all its work in Wichita into military and commercial divisions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Boeing said in addition .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Wichita .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into military and commercial divisions .','It also will reorganize all its work .')))

Input: All of the changes will reduce its overhead and streamline operations , Boeing said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('All of the changes will reduce its overhead .','All of the changes will streamline operations .' ), 'This was what Boeing said .')

Input: The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy , to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools , which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy .','The U.S. had been under pressure .' ), 'This was to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what those countries argued .','Were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members machine tools .'))

Input: For several years some European countries have complained that outdated Cocom lists and restrictions served more to hamper their trade than to add to Western security .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for several years .',', Some European countries have complained .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Outdated Cocom lists and restrictions served more .','This was to hamper their trade than to add to Western security .'))

Input: Some countries also have been pressing for special treatment for Hungary and Poland as they move toward more democratic rule , just as special treatment had been agreed on for China .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some countries also have been pressing for special treatment for Hungary and Poland .', SUB/ELABORATION('They move toward more democratic rule .',', Special treatment had been agreed on for China .'))

Input: But U.S. officials said representatives at the meeting decided that this was a matter for further discussion at future meetings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what U.S. officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Representatives at the meeting decided .','This was a matter for further discussion at future meetings .'))

Input: They added that all of us -LRB- Cocom members -RRB- look at the changes in Hungary and Poland in a positive way , but a question of this scope deserves further discussion and study .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('They added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a positive way .','All of us -LRB- Cocom members -RRB- look at the changes in Hungary and Poland .' ), 'A question of this scope deserves further discussion and study .'))

Input: The officials also said the meeting agreed to continue treating China as a special case , despite the recent repression of dissent there , but to offer no further concessions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite the recent repression of dissent .','The meeting agreed to continue treating China as a special case there , but to offer no further concessions .'))

Input: The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , all the Cocom members agreed on the continuing need for this organization , which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the U.S. officials said .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe .','This was despite the rapid changes under way in the Soviet Union .' ), 'All the Cocom members agreed on the continuing need for this organization .' ), 'This organization was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War .'))

Input: The officials said the meeting agreed to continue working toward streamlining Cocom 's restricted products list , and to improve procedures for punishing companies that do n't comply with the export restrictions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for punishing companies .','The meeting agreed to continue working toward streamlining Cocom 's restricted products list , and to improve procedures .' ), ', Companies do n't comply with the export restrictions .'))

Input: At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .','The sheer size of the loss made .' ), 'The sheer size of the loss was coupled with a slowing of orders .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some securities analysts wonder .','Just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern .'))

Input: He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The strength of the world-wide economy is suspect .' ), 'He does n't see much revenue growth in the cards .')

Input: He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The move toward standard operating systems means .', CO/LIST(', Customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier .',', Customers can force prices down .')))

Input: We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , Mr. Unruh said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Unruh was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change .','We 've approached this not as a response .' ), 'The industry is going through a fundamental change .' ), 'This was what Unruh said .'))

Input: But we do n't minimize the challenges of the near term .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Straszheim expects he will take some heat , and he 's right .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Straszheim is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Straszheim expects .','He will take some heat .' ), 'He 's right .'))

Input: The forecasts were widely disseminated , and , in a splashy ad campaign launched in the summer of 1988 , Merrill Lynch urged investors to buy bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The forecasts were widely disseminated .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a splashy ad campaign .','A splashy ad campaign was launched in the summer of 1988 .' ), 'Merrill Lynch urged investors .' ), 'This was to buy bonds .'))

Input: The firm also raised the percentage of bonds in its model portfolio from 40 % to 45 % and later to 55 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 40 % to 45 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its model portfolio .','The firm also raised the percentage of bonds .' ), 'The firm also later to 55 % .'))

Input: But this September -- just when many market economists , including some at Merrill Lynch , believed that Mr. Straszheim was about to be proved right -- he took a detour if not a U-turn .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Straszheim was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including some at Merrill Lynch .','But this September -- just when many market economists believed that Straszheim was about to be proved right -- he took a detour if not a U-turn .'))

Input: Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Straszheim is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Two well-known colleagues are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what two well-known colleagues believe .',', Straszheim was right the first time .')))

Input: And Mr. Straszheim conceded after a recent drop in manufacturing jobs that it may prove to be the case that we got whipsawed -- that we pulled the recession forecast at just the wrong time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Straszheim was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Straszheim conceded after a recent drop in manufacturing jobs .', SUB/ELABORATION('It may prove to be the case that we got whipsawed -- .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at just the wrong time .','We pulled the recession forecast .'))))

Input: Pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people and pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Wall Street economists are pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people .','Wall Street economists are pushed by their own egos .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the dinkiest monthly indicator .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from broad economic trends .','Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything .')))

Input: But the surprisingly durable seven-year economic expansion has made mincemeat of more than one forecast .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or can we ask you why you changed your forecast just when it 's about to be right ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: One of Mr. Straszheim 's recurring themes is that the state of the economy is n't a simple black or white .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Straszheim is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('One of Straszheim 's recurring themes is .','The state of the economy is n't a simple black or white .'))

Input: He says the economy , and especially the employment numbers , look much better than he expected ; interest rates have generally declined ; inflation has n't run amok .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', CO/LIST('The economy look much better than he expected .','Especially the employment numbers , look much better than he expected .' ), 'Interest rates have generally declined .','Inflation has n't run amok .'))

Input: It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast , and Mr. Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Straszheim is Mr. .',', Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip .'))

Input: His approach to the recantation is direct but low-key .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Crane Co. said it holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. , an analytical-instruments maker , and may seek control of the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Milton Roy Corp. was an analytical-instruments maker .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Crane Co. said .', CO/LIST('It holds an 8.9 % stake in Milton Roy Corp. .','It may seek control of the company .')))

Input: Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before .', CO/LIST('Thermo Electron was throwing in the towel .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in early September .','Thermo Electron was reducing its stake .')))

Input: Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a recent SEC filing .','Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a recent SEC filing .','Gabelli Group holds 14.6 % .'))

Input: Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Environmental Testing Co. was its sister operation .', SUB/PURPOSE('Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent .','This was to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation in Aurora , Colo .'))

Input: Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the next four years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on the earnings performance of the businesses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the terms .', CO/LIST('Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations .','Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for additional payments .'))))

Input: In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 94.3 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million .','Milton Roy earned $ 1.18 a share .')))

Input: Mr. Lawson and his European-minded colleagues want the British pound formally tied to the West German mark .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Lawson want the British pound .','His European-minded colleagues want the British pound .' ), 'The British pound was tied to the West German mark .'))

Input: As a result , he reignited the inflation that Mrs. Thatcher , through a long and costly effort , had subdued .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was the inflation that Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .','He reignited .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was through a long and costly effort .','Thatcher had subdued .')))

Input: To keep the exchange rate pegged , Mr. Lawson tightened monetary policy and pushed interest rates up to 15 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('This was to keep the exchange rate pegged .', CO/LIST('Lawson tightened monetary policy .','Lawson pushed interest rates up to 15 % .')))

Input: This doubled the mortgage interest rates of the many new homeowners that Mrs. Thatcher 's policies had created , producing widespread disaffection and pushing Labor ahead in the polls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was that Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was the mortgage interest rates of the many new homeowners .', SUB/ELABORATION('This doubled , producing widespread disaffection and pushing Labor ahead in the polls .','Thatcher 's policies had created .')))

Input: The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes .', CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Those grand schemes appeal to intellectuals .','Those grand schemes appeal to the media .','Those grand schemes appeal to the imagination .' ), 'Those grand schemes are full of practical pitfalls .'))

Input: When a country cuts tax rates , it makes itself more attractive to investors and drives up the value of its currency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A country cuts tax rates .', CO/LIST('It makes itself more attractive to investors .','It drives up the value of its currency .'))

Input: Edouard Balladur , the finance minister at the time , was sold on the tax-cut policy but was concerned that his government would be criticized as anti-European for disturbing the linked European currency relationship .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edouard Balladur was the finance minister at the time .', CO/CONTRAST('Edouard Balladur was sold on the tax-cut policy .', SUB/ELABORATION('Edouard Balladur was concerned .','His government would be criticized as anti-European for disturbing the linked European currency relationship .')))

Input: The price of attracting capital -- whether one 's own or that of foreigners -- is a trade deficit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consequently , Mr. Lawson saddled Mrs. Thatcher with a record trade deficit , renewed inflation and high interest rates -- three political failures in a row .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was consequently .','Lawson saddled Thatcher with a record trade deficit , renewed inflation and high interest rates -- three political failures in a row .')))

Input: This policy is totally mindless , and Sir Alan is correct to point out its deficiencies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This policy is totally mindless .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alan is Sir .','Alan is correct to point out its deficiencies .'))

Input: Britain and all of Europe need to reconsider the prospects for European integration in light of the possible reunification and neutralization of Germany .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in light of the possible reunification and neutralization of Germany .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for European integration .', CO/LIST('Britain need to reconsider the prospects .','All of Europe need to reconsider the prospects .')))

Input: Joseph P. Jordan , 52 years old , becomes president , chief executive officer and a director of the bank company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is 52 years old .', CO/LIST('Joseph P. Jordan becomes president .','Joseph P. Jordan becomes chief executive officer .','Joseph P. Jordan becomes a director of the bank company .'))

Input: Mr. Jordan , formerly president and chief executive of Fishkill National Bank in Beacon , N.Y. , succeeds Donald Broderick , who died at 52 in an automobile accident .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Jordan is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jordan is formerly president and chief executive of Fishkill National Bank in Beacon , N.Y. .','Jordan succeeds Donald Broderick .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an automobile accident .','Donald Broderick died at 52 .')))

Input: At the same time , personal income was held down by the effects of Hurricane Hugo , which tore through parts of North and South Carolina in late September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .','Personal income was held down by the effects of Hurricane Hugo .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in late September .','Hurricane Hugo tore through parts of North and South Carolina .'))

Input: The department said personal income rose 0.3 % in September to a $ 4.469 trillion rate but would have climbed 0.6 % had it not been for the storm .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the department said .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a $ 4.469 trillion rate .','Personal income rose 0.3 % .' ), 'Personal income would have climbed 0.6 % had it not been for the storm .')))

Input: The figures came a day after the government released a report showing that consumer spending propelled U.S. economic expansion in the third quarter while -- on an inflation-adjusted basis -- business investment slowed , government spending declined , and exports were flat .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The figures came a day .', CO/LIST('The government released a report .', SUB/ELABORATION('The government was showing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .',', Consumer spending propelled U.S. economic expansion while -- on an inflation-adjusted basis -- business investment slowed , government spending declined , and exports were flat .'))))

Input: But the new statistics show that by September , the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the new statistics show .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by September .','The burst in spending seemed to be tapering off .'))

Input: In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','Personal income rose .' )CO/LIST('0.3 % grew 0.9 % .',', Spending grew 0.9 % .'))

Input: I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but we have completed the transition , Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('I 'm not saying everything .','Is hunky-dory everything .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive were the transition .', SUB/ELABORATION('We have completed .','The transition said in an interview .')))

Input: Loan covenants require that the company achieve specified levels of operating earnings and meet a rolling four-quarter profitability test .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Loan covenants require .', CO/LIST('The company achieve specified levels of operating earnings .','The company meet a rolling four-quarter profitability test .'))

Input: Last week Control Data reported third-quarter earnings of $ 9.8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 763 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Control Data was Last week .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 763 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Control Data reported third-quarter earnings of $ 9.8 million .',', Control Data reported third-quarter earnings of 23 cents a share .')))

Input: While a few assets are still being shopped -- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Mr. Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Price was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('A few assets are still being shopped .','-- including the sports and entertainment ticketing portion of the company 's Ticketron unit -- Price said future restructuring would be a question of strategy .'))

Input: Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where there is great interest in games of skill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Perlman was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas .','Where there is great interest in games of skill .'))

Input: Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Control Data 's semiconductor business is VTC Inc. .',', Control Data 's semiconductor business continues to lose money .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .', CO/LIST('They consider some of the technology vital to national defense .','They so are reluctant to dispose of it .')))

Input: The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a narrow focus and a lid on expenses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on expenses .', CO/LIST('The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a narrow focus .','The company 's strategy for keeping its computer products business profitable -- it recently achieved profitability after several quarters of losses -- calls for a lid .'))

Input: James E. Ousley , computer products group president , said such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs in half by the end of 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James E. Ousley was computer products group president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what James E. Ousley said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in half .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the end of 1990 .',', Such arrangements could help slash Control Data 's computer research and development costs .'))))

Input: But while its stock is selling at about half Control Data 's estimated breakup value , neither Messrs. Perlman nor Price said he spends much time considering the possibility of a hostile takeover .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Perlman was Messrs. .', CO/CONTRAST('Its stock is selling at about half Control Data 's estimated breakup value .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Perlman nor Price said .', SUB/ELABORATION('He spends much time .','Much time is considering the possibility of a hostile takeover .'))))

Input: Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the past seven years .','I was having resided in the great state of California .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths .','Numerous deaths were related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing .' ), 'Eyes were tearing .'))

Input: While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity increasing and spreading throughout the state , the nation and the world .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness to citizens and lawmakers and encourage appropriate corrective action .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to citizens and lawmakers .','If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness .' ), 'If nothing else , such initiatives as these will encourage appropriate corrective action .')

Input: I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('I realize .', CO/LIST('You were just looking for something snotty to say about California .','You were just looking for something snotty to say about its environmental movement .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for you .','Picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it was a bad call .')))

Input: Obviously , it 's lost on you that about 75 % of the American people these days -LRB- and in fact the president of the United States -RRB- consider themselves environmentalists .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was obviously .','It 's lost on you .' ), 'About 75 % of the American people these days -LRB- and in fact the president of the United States -RRB- consider themselves environmentalists .')

Input: Your editorial was commendable and neatly matched by the readers ' comments in letters to the editor , Alar : Scaring on the Side of Caution .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their wealthy Hollywood weepers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tom Jukes was renowned Prof. .', SUB/ELABORATION('We may all hope .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', California 's voters will heed the scientific realities .','Their own university 's Tom Jukes provides them .' ), ', California 's voters will ignore the charlatanry profferred by their wealthy Hollywood weepers .')))

Input: In a free country , the law should restrict citizens as little as is consistent with good manners and public safety .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as little .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a free country .', CO/LIST('The law should restrict citizens as is consistent with good manners .','The law should restrict citizens as is consistent with public safety .')))

Input: The group attributed the strong results to the favorable economic climate , rising demand for air travel and improved average yield -LRB- revenue received per ton of traffic transported a kilometer -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to the favorable economic climate .','This was to rising demand for air travel .','This was to improved average yield -LRB- revenue received per ton of traffic transported a kilometer -RRB- .' ), 'The group attributed the strong results .')

Input: But passenger-kilometers , the distance flown while carrying people , increased 5.3 % in 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Passenger-kilometers were the distance .','The distance was flown while carrying people .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 .','But passenger-kilometers increased 5.3 % .'))

Input: The association said that lack of airport and air space capacity is the biggest problem facing the airline industry .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the association said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lack of airport and air space capacity is the biggest problem .','The biggest problem is facing the airline industry .'))

Input: The newspaper quoted KGB chairman Vladimir A. Kryuchkov as saying the definition of anti-Soviet crimes had narrowed , the laws had changed and people no longer have to fear a simple slip of the tongue .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Vladimir A. Kryuchkov was KGB chairman .','The newspaper quoted Vladimir A. Kryuchkov as saying the definition of anti-Soviet crimes had narrowed .' ), 'The laws had changed .','People no longer have to fear a simple slip of the tongue .')

Input: The paper gave no details of what the restrictions would entail but said the measures were necessary to protect the domestic market .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The paper gave no details of what the restrictions would entail .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the paper said .','The measures were necessary to protect the domestic market .'))

Input: West Germany 's biggest union , IG Metall , said it is ready to back demands for more pay and shorter hours with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('IG Metall was West Germany 's biggest union .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what West Germany 's biggest union said .', CO/LIST('It is ready to back demands for more pay with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries .','It is ready to back demands for shorter hours with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries .')))

Input: Intermoda will initially only send the textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog , translated into Russian , to Soviet customers who have access to convertible currency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Intermoda will initially only send the textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Soviet customers .','The textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog were translated into Russian .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to convertible currency .',', Soviet customers have access .')))

Input: In other news concerning South Korea 's television industry , Samsung signed an agreement with Soyuz , the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union , to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Soyuz was the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Soyuz .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in other news concerning South Korea 's television industry .',', Samsung signed an agreement .' ), 'This was to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union .')))

Input: South Korea and the Soviet Union have no diplomatic relations but exchanged trade offices earlier this year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(', South Korea have no diplomatic relations .','The Soviet Union have no diplomatic relations .' )CO/LIST(', South Korea exchanged trade offices earlier this year .','The Soviet Union exchanged trade offices earlier this year .'))

Input: Sri Lanka , where more than 15,000 people have died in six years of ethnic turmoil , said it will ban sex and violence from state-owned television next year .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sri Lanka said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from state-owned television .','It will ban sex and violence next year .' ), 'More than 15,000 people have died in six years of ethnic turmoil .'))

Input: If this battle were a movie , the producers would be fighting over two scripts with nothing but an opening scene in common .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('This battle were a movie .', CO/CONTRAST('The producers would be fighting over two scripts with nothing .','The producers would be an opening scene in common .'))

Input: In the affidavits , Mr. Peters says he was shocked when Mr. Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peters was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Peters says in the affidavits .','He was shocked when Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them .'))

Input: But they also make it clear that the first thing a judge will have to decide is which , if any , version of events in this morass is fiction , and which fact .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But they also make it clear .', SUB/ELABORATION('The first thing is which , if any , version of events in this morass is fiction , and which fact .','A judge will have to decide The first thing .'))

Input: Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations , but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Warner says .','What it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely .','The decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired .'))

Input: Sony , for its part , could decide that the cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement already guaranteed to Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for its part .',', Sony could decide .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement .','The financial arrangement was guaranteed to Guber and Peters .')))

Input: In that case , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not suffer financially , but they would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in that case .','Guber and Peters might not suffer financially .' ), 'They would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner .'))

Input: At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner and the two producers , but other murkier issues will play a big role .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the center of any court .', CO/LIST('Fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner .','Fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between the two producers .' ), 'Other murkier issues will play a big role .'))

Input: Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST(', Sony are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year .','The Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year .' ), 'This is to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement .' ), 'They say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up an oral agreement .')

Input: Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Warner denies .',', Such an agreement was made .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Warner disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call .','Warner disputes the Guber-Peters version of meeting .' ), 'The two sides had virtually every telephone call and meeting on the matter .'))

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits that Warner already is taking steps to freeze them out of their projects at Warner , notably the Sylvester Stallone film Tango and Cash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Guber and Peters say in their affidavits .', SUB/PURPOSE('Warner already is taking steps .','This is to freeze them out of their projects at Warner , notably the Sylvester Stallone film Tango and Cash .')))

Input: Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was taking over the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Peters was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Peters says in his affidavit .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the movie 's staff was told last week .','Warner was taking over the picture .' ), 'Another producer would be giving all of the orders .')))

Input: If someone asks , just lie and tell them it will be done , Mr. de la Bouillaire says Mr. Baird told them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('de la Bouillaire was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what de la Bouillaire says .','Baird told them .'))

Input: He says Mr. Peters and Mr. Guber , as the contractual producers with consultation rights , have been invited to screenings and to give their input on the film .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peters was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the film .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as the contractual producers with consultation rights .','Peters and Guber have been invited to screenings and to give their input .'))))

Input: Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still working on the Warner lot and consulting on various projects on a daily basis , the attorney says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still working on the Warner lot .','Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still consulting on various projects on a daily basis .' ), 'This is what the attorney says .')

Input: Mr. Semel , in his affidavit , does n't mention any hugging or congratulating .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Semel is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in his affidavit .',', Semel does n't mention any hugging or congratulating .'))

Input: He says he told Mr. Guber he could n't sign any documents and that the deal , although apparently a good one for him and Mr. Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he told Guber .', CO/LIST('He could n't sign any documents .','He that the deal , although apparently a good one for him and Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner .'))))

Input: He said he would contact Mr. Ross and Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly and that , in a conference call , the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ross was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Daly was Warner Brothers Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a conference call .','He would contact Ross and Robert Daly and that the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract .'))))

Input: Mr. Guber also says in his affidavit that Mr. Daly told us that even if Sony did not want us , Warner 's relationship with us already was irreparably damaged , that there was no way to put the egg together , and that it would sue Sony for tons of money .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Guber says in his affidavit .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Daly told us .', SUB/CONDITION(', Sony did not want us .','That even , Warner 's relationship with us already was irreparably damaged , that there was no way to put the egg together , and that it would sue Sony for tons of money .'))))

Input: But Sony is a problem .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some in Hollywood suggest Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some in Hollywood suggest .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from Warner studio executives such as Semel and Canton .','Guber and Peters took encouragement too literally .')))

Input: Mr. Rabinowitz , the Warner attorney , says the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rabinowitz is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rabinowitz is the Warner attorney .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Rabinowitz says .','The studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract .')))

Input: But Mr. Guber indicates in his affidavit that not all of the projects will be used .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Guber indicates in his affidavit .','Not all of the projects will be used .'))

Input: E.W. Scripps Co. said it has acquired a Georgia cable television company and a Massachusetts publishing firm .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what E.W. Scripps Co. said .', CO/LIST('It has acquired a Georgia cable television company .','It has acquired a Massachusetts publishing firm .'))

Input: The Treasury marked up its forecast by $ 17 million in July , but that proved to be about $ 5 billion too optimistic .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by $ 17 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .','The Treasury marked up its forecast .' ), 'That proved to be about $ 5 billion too optimistic .'))

Input: Consumers Power Co. , now the main unit of CMS Energy , ran into financial problems over its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant , which was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of construction delays and high costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was over its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was now .',', Consumers Power Co. the main unit of CMS Energy , ran into financial problems .' )CO/LIST('Its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of construction delays .','Its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of high costs .')))

Input: The company suffered a loss of $ 270 million in 1985 , but its financial situation has been improving since then .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1985 .','The company suffered a loss of $ 270 million .' ), 'Its financial situation has been improving since then .')

Input: Humana Inc. said it expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds and interest from a court ruling on a tax dispute .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Humana Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from a court ruling on a tax dispute .', CO/LIST('It expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds .','It expects to receive about $ 27 million in interest .')))

Input: It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the year .','The year is ending tomorrow .' ), 'It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by about 13.8 billion yen .','Its liabilities currently exceed its assets .'))

Input: Statistics on acquisitions by foreigners vary in detail , because unlike Sansui , which is listed on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges , most of the Japanese companies acquired by foreigners are privately held .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CAUSE(', Statistics on acquisitions by foreigners vary in detail .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was unlike Sansui .','Most of the Japanese companies are privately held .' ), 'The Japanese companies were acquired by foreigners .' ), ', Sansui is listed on the Tokyo and Osaka stock exchanges .'))

Input: If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough , webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('The strong yen were n't deterrents enough .','The high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough .' ), 'Webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers .')

Input: Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('A Japanese company is ready to sell .', SUB/ELABORATION('It has few alternatives .','Few alternatives are remaining .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt .','This was not the company 's finest hour .')))

Input: But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A Japanese company may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern .','A Japanese company looks like a dog .' ), 'But , some management consultants maintain .')

Input: Attitudes -LCB- toward being acquired -RCB- are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , Mr. Murasawa said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Murasawa was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Attitudes -LCB- toward being acquired -RCB- are still negative .','They 're becoming more positive .' ), 'This was what Murasawa said .'))

Input: Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nadir was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Polly Peck 's acquisition makes .',', Sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Nadir brimmed with self-confidence .','He can turn Sansui around .')))

Input: Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an original equipment maker basis for sale under other companies ' brand names .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under other companies ' brand names .','This is on an original equipment maker basis for sale .' )CO/LIST('Polly Peck 's electronics operations make televisions .','Polly Peck 's electronics operations make videocassette recorders .','Polly Peck 's electronics operations make microwaves .','Polly Peck 's electronics operations make other products .')))

Input: He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products .','Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line .' ), 'He will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories .')

Input: Whatever capital it -LRB- Sansui -RRB- needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , Mr. Nadir said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nadir was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It -LRB- Sansui -RRB- needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected .','Nadir said .'))

Input: He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at as a base to build a conglomerate .','He used it .' ), 'A conglomerate has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 .'))

Input: The bolstered cellular agreement between BellSouth Corp. and LIN Broadcasting Corp. carries heightened risks and could fail to fend off McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. , the rival suitor for LIN .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. were the rival suitor for LIN .', CO/LIST('The bolstered cellular agreement between BellSouth Corp. and LIN Broadcasting Corp. carries heightened risks .','The bolstered cellular agreement between BellSouth Corp. and LIN Broadcasting Corp. could fail to fend off McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. .'))

Input: But under new terms of the agreement , announced Friday , LIN holders would receive a special cash dividend of $ 42 a share , representing a payout of about $ 2.23 billion , shortly before the proposed merger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But under new terms of the agreement , LIN holders would receive a special cash dividend of $ 42 a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was shortly before the proposed merger .','$ 42 a share was representing a payout of about $ 2.23 billion .' ), 'The agreement was announced Friday .'))

Input: LIN said it expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend , but commitments from banks still have n't been obtained .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what LIN said .','It expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend .' ), ', Commitments from banks still have n't been obtained .')

Input: We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt , he estimated that the company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he expressed confidence .','The proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he estimated .','The company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later .'))

Input: Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under its revised proposal .','Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is under its revised proposal .','Atlanta-based BellSouth would be responsible for half of its debt .'))

Input: To sweeten the pact further -- and to ease concerns of institutional investors -- BellSouth added a provision designed to give extra protection to holders if the regional Bell company ever decides to buy the rest of the new cellular company .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to sweeten the pact further -- and to ease concerns of institutional investors -- .', SUB/ELABORATION('BellSouth added a provision .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to holders .','A provision was designed to give extra protection if the regional Bell company ever decides to buy the rest of the new cellular company .')))

Input: To mollify shareholders concerned about the long-term value of the company under the BellSouth-LIN agreement , BellSouth also agreed to pay as much as $ 10 a share , or $ 540 million , if , after five years , the trading value of the new cellular company is n't as high as the value that shareholders would have realized from the McCaw offer .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to mollify shareholders concerned about the long-term value of the company under the BellSouth-LIN agreement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after five years .', CO/DISJUNCTION('BellSouth also agreed to pay as much as $ 10 a share if the trading value of the new cellular company is n't as high as the value that shareholders would have realized from the McCaw offer .','BellSouth also agreed to pay $ 540 million , if the trading value of the new cellular company is n't as high as the value that shareholders would have realized from the McCaw offer .')))

Input: But Kenneth Leon , a telecommunications analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , finds the BellSouth proposal still flawed because the company does n't have to wait five years to begin buying more LIN shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kenneth Leon is a telecommunications analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. .', SUB/CAUSE('But Kenneth Leon finds the BellSouth proposal still flawed .','The company does n't have to wait five years to begin buying more LIN shares .'))

Input: William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William O. McCoy was president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what William O. McCoy said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 .','The revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings .' ), 'The revised agreement with LIN would by significantly less thereafter .')))

Input: For 1988 , BellSouth earned $ 1.7 billion , or $ 3.51 a share , on revenue of $ 13.6 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 13.6 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 1988 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('BellSouth earned $ 1.7 billion .','BellSouth earned $ 3.51 a share .')))

Input: Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings in the range of $ 3.90 a share , or $ 1.9 billion , but now those estimates are being scaled back .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was in the range of $ 3.90 a share .','This was in the range of $ 1.9 billion .' ), 'Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings .' ), 'Now those estimates are being scaled back .')

Input: But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was often tumultuous .','But the big slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those .' ), 'Those have been profiting from the practice against it .')

Input: Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','They do so only for customers .'))

Input: Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of course .','There were sell programs in past years .' ), 'They seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days .'))

Input: That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/CAUSE('That 's largely .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of defensive measures .','They adopted after the 1987 crash .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Individual investors fled .','The market and trading activity dwindled .')))

Input: And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further .', SUB/ELABORATION('And , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes .',', Sell programs are in progress .'))

Input: In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is both on trades and in the value of their inventories of shares .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in such an environment .','Market makers can suffer huge losses .' ), 'Trades were made that day at steadily dropping prices .'))

Input: But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Antolini is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in certain OTC stocks .','But this skittishness , Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems .'))

Input: But , he observes , while makers suffer losses when program trading drags the market down , they also make money when program trading pushes the prices higher .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Makers suffer losses .','Program trading drags the market down .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But , he observes , they also make money .','Program trading pushes the prices higher .'))

Input: The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest , such as Apple Computer , MCI Communications , Tele-Communications and Liz Claiborne .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as Apple Computer .','This is such as MCI Communications .','This is such as Tele-Communications .','This is such as Liz Claiborne .' ), 'The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest .')

Input: The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the S&P 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The problem , market makers say , is .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The industrial average usually recover .','The S&P 500 usually recover .' ), 'Buy programs kick in .' ), 'The Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind .'))

Input: Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oct. 12 was the day before the stock market plunge .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was eight trading days after Oct. 12 for instance .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 .','This was compared with 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index .','This was compared with 3.6 % for the industrial average .' ), 'The Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % .')))

Input: Three days later , as of Friday 's close , the Nasdaq Composite was down 6 % , compared with 5.9 % for the industrial average , 5.7 % for the S&P 500 and 5.8 % for the Big Board Composite .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as of Friday 's close .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 5.9 % for the industrial average .','This was compared with 5.7 % for the S&P 500 .','This was compared with 5.8 % for the Big Board Composite .' ), 'Three days later the Nasdaq Composite was down 6 % .'))

Input: The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 452.76 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Friday .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 .','The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 1.2 % .')))

Input: Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Friday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 437.68 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq 100 Index fell 1.4 % .','The Nasdaq 100 Index 6.43 .'))))

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 448.80 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % .','The Nasdaq Financial Index lost 3.95 .'))

Input: LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5\/8 to 112 5\/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications .
Prediction: CO/LIST('LIN Broadcasting surged 45\/8 to 1125\/8 .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an attempt .','LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement .' ), 'This was to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications .'))

Input: The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the semiconductor concern said .', CO/LIST('The interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief .','The interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will have little impact on the company 's earnings .'))

Input: London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after Mr. .','Lawson was the drop in sterling .' ), 'London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by Lawson 's resignation .')

Input: It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/TEMPORAL('It showed some early resilience .',', Central bank support firmed sterling .' )SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The weight of Wall Street late in London trading proved a hefty load .',', Signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load .' ), 'This was to bear .'))

Input: The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/PURPOSE('The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points .','This was to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in London .','Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness .'))

Input: Volume was 840.8 million shares , up from 443.6 million Thursday and the week 's most active session .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 443.6 million Thursday .', CO/LIST('Volume was 840.8 million shares .','Volume was the week 's most active session .'))

Input: Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The turnover partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account .','The turnover partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the start of a new account .' ), 'The turnover was largely confined to the 100-share index stocks .'))

Input: Among the other actively traded blue-chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 10.86 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the other actively traded blue-chip issues .','Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the other actively traded blue-chip issues .','British Telecom fell 10 to 250 .')))

Input: In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in active trading .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Tokyo .',', Stocks closed lower but above intraday lows .'))

Input: The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking .', SUB/ELABORATION('Profit-taking was triggered by sharp advances .',', Sharp advances were made through this week .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 35527.29 .','The Nikkei index fell 151.20 points .')))

Input: An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations about recent advances in Tokyu Group shares and real estate issues were dashed Friday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about recent advances .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Tokyu Group shares .','An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations .' ), 'Real estate issues were dashed Friday .'))

Input: But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to client investors .','But they failed to sell these stocks .' ), 'This was what the Wako official said .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Client investors were cautious about the sharp gains .','These issues made this week the sharp gains .'))

Input: Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday , the fourth decline in the past five days and the culmination of a week that saw the DAX index lose 4 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday .','Frankfurt prices closed the fourth decline in the past five days .','Frankfurt prices closed the culmination of a week .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A week saw .','The DAX index lose 4 % .'))

Input: That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with cold feet .','That 's leaving small investors .' )SUB/PURPOSE('That 's prompting institutions .','This is to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat .'))

Input: Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm , and were mixed in Milan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .',', Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Amsterdam , Brussels and Stockholm .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .',', Share prices were mixed in Milan .'))

Input: Share prices also closed lower in Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Manila , Wellington and Seoul .
Prediction: NONE

Input: More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto and welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto .','More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium .' ), 'More than 70,000 people welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress .')

Input: Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago , urged peace , negotiation and discipline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Walter Sisulu was the ANC 's former secretary general .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in prison .','The ANC 's former secretary general served 26 years before .' ), 'The ANC 's former secretary general was being released two weeks ago .' ), 'Walter Sisulu urged peace , negotiation and discipline .'))

Input: President de Klerk 's government permitted the rally , and security forces did n't interfere .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('de Klerk was President .','de Klerk 's government permitted the rally .' ), ', Security forces did n't interfere .')

Input: Pretoria 's approval of the demonstration and the ANC 's conciliatory tone appeared aimed at setting up negotiations to give blacks political rights .
Prediction: NONE

Input: With all the votes counted , a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes , or lower house of parliament .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gonzalez was Prime Minister .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a government spokesman said with all the votes counted .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes .','Gonzalez 's party won lower house of parliament .')))

Input: Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies .','Public rallies were organized by the Communist leadership .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to official privileges .', CO/LIST('Thousands of East Germans demanded free speech .','Thousands of East Germans demanded controls on the security forces .','Thousands of East Germans demanded an end .')))

Input: More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for free elections and the resignation of Communist Party leader Milos Jakes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Milos Jakes was Communist Party leader .', CO/LIST('More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for free elections .','More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for the resignation of Milos Jakes .'))

Input: The talks in New York are the first since Bush and Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze unveiled proposals in September to scrap existing weapons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shevardnadze was Soviet Foreign Minister .', SUB/CAUSE('The talks in New York are the first .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','Bush and Shevardnadze unveiled proposals .' ), 'This was to scrap existing weapons .')))

Input: The rebels also reportedly tightened a blockade on roads leading to the capital , and government forces shelled a guerrilla-held area in western Afghanistan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on roads .','Roads were leading to the capital .' ), 'The rebels also reportedly tightened a blockade .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in western Afghanistan .','Government forces shelled a guerrilla-held area .'))

Input: In the third quarter , orders rose a real 5 % and a nominal 9 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', CO/LIST('Orders rose a real 5 % .','Orders rose a nominal 9 % .'))

Input: Domestic orders were up a real 11 % and a nominal 14 % , while foreign orders rose a real 1 % and a nominal 5 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Domestic orders were up a real 11 % .','Domestic orders were up a nominal 14 % .' )CO/LIST('Foreign orders rose a real 1 % .','Foreign orders rose a nominal 5 % .'))

Input: Members of the audience gasped or laughed nervously ; their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Members of the audience gasped .','Members of the audience laughed nervously .' ), 'Their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions .')

Input: First Unilever , the Anglo-Dutch packaged-goods giant , spent $ 2 billion to acquire brands such as Faberge and Elizabeth Arden .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('First Unilever was the Anglo-Dutch packaged-goods giant .', SUB/PURPOSE('First Unilever spent $ 2 billion .','This was to acquire brands such as Faberge and Elizabeth Arden .'))

Input: It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring : P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is like soap and toilet paper .','P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products .' ), 'P&G and Unilever are sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade .' )CO/LIST('They also bring mammoth marketing clout .','They also is sparking fear .'))

Input: Though it is far from certain that companies best known for selling Promise margarine and Tide detergent will succeed in cosmetics , there 's little doubt they will shake up the industry .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It is far from certain that companies best known for selling Promise margarine and Tide detergent will succeed in cosmetics .', SUB/ELABORATION('There 's little doubt .','They will shake up the industry little doubt .'))

Input: Likely changes include more emphasis on research , soaring advertising budgets and aggressive pricing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is on research .','This is on soaring advertising budgets .','This is on aggressive pricing .' ), 'Likely changes include more emphasis .')

Input: Estee Lauder Inc. , Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Estee Lauder Inc. traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises .','Revlon Inc. traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises .','Other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises .' ), 'Fashion enterprises 's product is guided by the creative intuition of their executives .')

Input: Cosmetics companies roll out new makeup colors several times a year , and since most products can be easily copied by competitors , they 're loath to test them with consumers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Cosmetics companies roll out new makeup colors several times a year .', SUB/CAUSE('Most products can be easily copied by competitors .','They 're loath to test them with consumers .'))

Input: In contrast to the more artistic nature of traditional cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G are the habitats of organization men in gray-flannel suits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the more artistic nature of traditional cosmetics houses .','This is in contrast .' ), 'Unilever and P&G are the habitats of organization men in gray-flannel suits .')

Input: Both can be extremely aggressive at pricing such products as soaps and diapers -- to the extent that some industry consultants predict cents-off coupons for mascara could result from their entry into the field .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Estee Lauder , for example , spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. , and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','Estee Lauder spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Lauder is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Lauder says .','He has no plans to change his strategy .')))

Input: Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass-distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets , according to Andrew Shore , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Andrew Shore is an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Andrew Shore .','Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass-distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets .'))

Input: As the trend continues , demand for mass-market items that are high quality but only mid-priced -- particularly skin-care products -- is expected to increase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The trend continues .', SUB/ELABORATION('Demand for mass-market items -- particularly skin-care products -- is expected to increase .','Mass-market items are high quality but only mid-priced .'))

Input: Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year , for example , after P&G introduced a version that includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .',', Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('P&G introduced a version .','A version includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics .'))

Input: In the 1970s , several pharmaceutical and packaged-goods companies , including Colgate-Palmolive Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Pfizer Inc. and Schering-Plough acquired cosmetics companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The 1970s were several pharmaceutical and packaged-goods companies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1970s including Colgate-Palmolive Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. .','Pfizer Inc. and Schering-Plough acquired cosmetics companies .'))

Input: And cultivating a luxury image strong enough to persuade consumers to pay more than $ 15 for lipstick or eye makeup requires a subtle touch that packaged-goods companies have yet to demonstrate on their own .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If that attitude lasts , it could infuse covert action planning with a level of care and confidence that has n't been seen in years .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('That attitude lasts .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a level of care and confidence .','It could infuse covert action planning .' ), 'A level of care and confidence has n't been seen in years .'))

Input: Over the past week , the president has agreed to keep the committee informed , usually in advance , of covert actions and to put key intelligence decisions in writing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in writing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past week .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually in advance .','The president has agreed to keep the committee informed of covert actions and to put key intelligence decisions .')))

Input: Mr. Bush has pledged as well to respect the 14-year-old executive order barring U.S. agents from assassinating foreign leaders or helping others to do so .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from assassinating foreign leaders .','Bush has pledged as well to respect the 14-year-old executive order barring U.S. agents or helping others to do so .'))

Input: Congress never fully trusted former CIA chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Casey was former CIA chief .', SUB/ELABORATION('John Poindexter was National Security Adviser .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST(', Congress never fully trusted William Casey .',', Congress never fully trusted John Poindexter .' ), 'This was to honor the ban .')))

Input: The White House got the better of the exchange but took care not to press its advantage to the kind of constitutional confrontation sought by conservative Republicans who do n't want any congressional oversight of intelligence activities .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The White House got the better of the exchange .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the kind of constitutional confrontation .',', Constitutional confrontation was sought by conservative Republicans .' ), 'The White House took care not to press its advantage .' ), ', Conservative Republicans do n't want any congressional oversight of intelligence activities .'))

Input: Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been a meeting of the minds with the White House , and that the committee had given Mr. Bush a clean slate , free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boren was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Boren told reporters .','That there had been a meeting of the minds with the White House , and that the committee had given Bush a clean slate , free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years .')))

Input: But if the cooperative attitude holds and there is greater consultation on covert activities , the country could be entering an era when such hare-brained schemes are scrapped before they get off the drawing boards , while risky but well-planned secret operations can be undertaken without fear that a panicky Congress will balk .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies , led by giant Contel Corp. , are joining for the first time to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(', Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies are joining for the first time .',', Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies are led by giant Contel Corp. .' ), 'This is to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it .')

Input: The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself .','The group will complain to Washington .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: to help some scavengers or schemers , or help corporate America ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The market 's Friday-the-13th plunge of 190 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and the Big Board 's understated response to it , galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction among companies listed on the exchange .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among companies .',', Companies were listed on the exchange .' )CO/LIST('The market 's Friday-the-13th plunge of 190 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction .','The Big Board 's understated response to it , galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction .'))

Input: It is partly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock basket product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is partly for this reason .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its own stock basket product .','The exchange last week began trading .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a single trade .','Its own stock basket product allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index .')))

Input: But according to some Big Board traders , an organized campaign from exchange-listed companies might make the exchange finally consider big changes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Big Board ca n't ban stock-index futures , of course , but it could ban use of its high-speed electronic trading system for program trading or at least encourage securities firms to back off .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','The Big Board ca n't ban stock-index futures .' )CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for program trading .','It could ban use of its high-speed electronic trading system .' ), 'It could encourage securities firms to back off .'))

Input: Contel 's Mr. Wohlstetter said the group of Big Board companies is n't ready to go public yet with its effort , and that he does n't plan to be the leader once it is public .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wohlstetter was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Contel 's Wohlstetter said .','The group of Big Board companies is n't ready to go public yet with its effort , and that he does n't plan to be the leader once it is public .'))

Input: Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services unit said it cut off Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley , Oppenheimer and General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services unit said .', CO/LIST('It cut off Bear Stearns .','It cut off Morgan Stanley .','It cut off Oppenheimer .','It cut off General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit .'))

Input: The prime minister and her new chancellor of the exchequer , the untested John Major , need to haul the country through something like a recession to bring down inflation and set the economy moving again .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The untested John Major is the exchequer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through something .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like a recession to bring down inflation and set the economy moving again .', CO/LIST('The prime minister need to haul the country .','Her new chancellor of the exchequer need to haul the country .'))))

Input: Finally , the government has to convince a rattled financial community -- and voters -- it is proceeding coherently toward its goals .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is finally .','The government has to convince a rattled financial community -- and voters .' ), 'It is proceeding coherently toward its goals .')

Input: It sounds like the work of a decade , but the deadline is late 1991 , when Mrs. Thatcher is expected to call another national election .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It sounds like the work of a decade .', SUB/SPATIAL('The deadline is late 1991 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was Mrs. .','Thatcher is expected to call another national election .')))

Input: She could end up seeking a fourth term in an economy sick with inflation , high interest rates and a heavy trade deficit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in an economy sick with inflation .','This is in an economy sick with high interest rates .','This is in an economy sick with a heavy trade deficit .' ), ', She could end up seeking a fourth term .')

Input: Economists have been anticipating a slump for months , but they now say it will be deeper and longer than they had thought .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Economists have been anticipating a slump for months .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they say .','It will be deeper and longer than they had thought .'))

Input: Recovery could be hampered if Britain 's major trading partners in Europe , which are enjoying robust economic activity , cool off as expected in late 1990 and 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CONDITION('Recovery could be hampered .','Britain 's major trading partners in Europe cool off as expected in late 1990 and 1991 .' ), 'Britain 's major trading partners in Europe are enjoying robust economic activity .')

Input: There 's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Despite the departure of Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan , the tug-of-war over the EMS could continue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson is the departure of Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alan is Lawson and Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite Alan .','The tug-of-war over the EMS could continue .')))

Input: Sir Geoffrey Howe , deputy prime minister and a Lawson ally on the EMS , has signaled he will continue pressing for early membership .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Geoffrey Howe was Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Geoffrey Howe was deputy prime minister .','Geoffrey Howe was a Lawson ally on the EMS .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Geoffrey Howe has signaled .','He will continue pressing for early membership .')))

Input: Over the weekend , she said she did n't intend to change her style and denied she is authoritarian .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said over the weekend .', CO/LIST(', She did n't intend to change her style .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she denied .',', She is authoritarian .')))

Input: As we queasily start The search for replacements , we know The new one we purchase in hopes it will do , Despite every wonder that 's stated , Means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , But also more quickly out - dated !
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We queasily start The search for replacements .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('We know The new one .','We purchase in hopes it will do , Despite every wonder , Means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , But also more quickly out - dated ! The new one .' ), 'Every wonder 's stated .'))

Input: I know when dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ; But what gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ?
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i know .','When dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ? .' ), 'What gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ? .')

Input: Rand Corp. researchers Linda Waite and Frances Goldscheider analyzed a large sample of married women with at least one child at home between the ages of six and 18 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Linda Waite was Rand Corp. researchers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with at least one child .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at home between the ages of six and 18 .','Linda Waite and Frances Goldscheider analyzed a large sample of married women .')))

Input: Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the researchers found that while children 's household tasks eased the mother 's burden appreciably , the husband 's helping hand appears to lighten the children 's load almost on a one-for-one basis and to reduce the wife 's responsibility only modestly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the researchers found .', CO/CONTRAST(', Children 's household tasks eased the mother 's burden appreciably .','The husband 's helping hand appears to lighten the children 's load almost on a one-for-one basis and to reduce the wife 's responsibility only modestly .'))

Input: But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that a surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers but spend down to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die or are discharged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find .', SUB/ELABORATION('A surprisingly small proportion -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out .', CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/TEMPORAL('Private payers but spend down to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay .','They die .' ), 'Private payers but are discharged .')))

Input: About one-third pay out of their own pockets , while the rest are covered throughout by Medicare , private insurers or the Veterans Administration .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('About one-third pay out of their own pockets .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The rest are covered throughout by Medicare .','The rest are covered throughout by private insurers .','The rest are covered throughout by the Veterans Administration .'))

Input: The Brookings and Urban Institute authors caution , however , that most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration , and reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with an unusually long stay or repeated stays .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Brookings and Urban Institute authors caution , however .','Most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration .' ), 'Reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with an unusually long stay or repeated stays .')

Input: Moreover , they note , those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by selling their homes , using up life savings or drawing heavily on children and other relatives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Moreover , they note , those often do so only by selling their homes , using up life savings or drawing heavily on children .','Moreover , they note , those often do so only by selling their homes , using up life savings or drawing heavily on other relatives .' ), 'Those manage to pay their own way .')

Input: THE REAGAN generation young men and women reaching political maturity during Ronald Reagan 's presidency -- are firmly liberal on race and gender , according to NORC , the social science research center at the University of Chicago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('NORC is the social science research center at the University of Chicago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to NORC .','THE REAGAN generation young men and women reaching political maturity during Ronald Reagan 's presidency -- are firmly liberal on race and gender .'))

Input: NORC 's most recent opinion surveys find the youngest adults indeed somewhat more pro-Reagan and pro-Republican than other adults .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked whether they agreed or disagreed with the claim that men are emotionally better suited to politics than women , 70 % of the Reagan generation disagreed , compared with under 60 % of younger men and women in the earlier years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what 70 % of the Reagan generation was asked .', SUB/ELABORATION('They agreed or disagreed with the claim .','That men are emotionally better suited to politics than women .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with under 60 % of younger men and women in the earlier years .','70 % of the Reagan generation disagreed .')))

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: It estimates the time between college graduation and the awarding of a Ph. D. has lengthened by 30 % over the past 20 years , with the average gap now ranging from about 7.4 years in the physical sciences to 16.2 years in education .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It estimates the time between college graduation .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the average gap .','The awarding of a Ph. D. has lengthened by 30 % over the past 20 years .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 16.2 years in education .','The average gap was ranging from about 7.4 years in the physical sciences .')))

Input: U.S. and northern European diplomats confirm Mr. Korotich 's assessment that glasnost is in no immediate danger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Korotich is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('U.S. confirm Korotich 's assessment .','Northern European diplomats confirm Korotich 's assessment .' ), 'Glasnost is in no immediate danger .'))

Input: But as astounding as the changes that have already occurred are , there is a fragility to glasnost .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The changes are .','But , there is a fragility to glasnost .' ), 'The changes have already occurred .')

Input: It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Larry Drury , attorney for the plaintiffs , valued the settlement at between $ 6 million and $ 8 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Larry Drury was attorney for the plaintiffs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at between $ 6 million and $ 8 million .','Larry Drury valued the settlement .'))

Input: But under Alan Greenspan that has changed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After thoroughly digesting reams of information , he often concludes that more data are needed , and when he finally decides to act , his movements sometimes seem excrutiatingly small .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after thoroughly digesting reams of information .','He often concludes .' ), 'More data are needed .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He finally decides to act .','His movements sometimes seem excrutiatingly small .'))

Input: A senior Fed official spoke on Saturday after the market swoon to both the Washington Post and the New York Times , saying the Fed was prepared to provide as much credit as the markets needed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the market swoon .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to both the Washington Post and the New York Times .','A senior Fed official spoke on Saturday .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a senior Fed official was saying .','The Fed was prepared to provide as much credit as the markets needed .')))

Input: The statement angered Chairman Greenspan , but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan was Chairman .','The statement angered Greenspan .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by the Bush administration .','This was by the financial markets .' ), 'It was greeted with applause .'))

Input: And , while the mutinous Fed member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Manuel Johnson was Vice Chairman .', CO/CONTRAST('The mutinous Fed member has n't gone public .','And , some Fed governors , most notably Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent .'))

Input: Mr. Brady hesitantly replied that he was n't sure whether Mr. Greenspan made a statement himself , or whether that was a newspaper report .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brady was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Brady hesitantly replied .','He was n't sure whether Greenspan made a statement himself , or whether that was a newspaper report .'))

Input: And , by the end of that week , the key federal funds interest rate , which is largely controlled by the Fed , had settled at 8.75 % , barely changed from the level of just under 9 % that prevailed the previous week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the end of that week .','And the key federal funds interest rate had settled at 8.75 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('8.75 % was barely changed from the level of just under 9 % .','Just under 9 % prevailed the previous week .' ), 'The key federal funds interest rate is largely controlled by the Fed .'))

Input: In fact , the administration and the Fed have been going out of their way in the past two weeks to dispel any impression that they are at odds , fearing stories about an administration-Fed split added to the stock market 's jitters .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past two weeks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .', CO/LIST('The administration have been going out of their way .','The Fed have been going out of their way .' ), 'This was to dispel any impression that they are at odds , fearing stories about an administration-Fed split added to the stock market 's jitters .')))

Input: But Mr. Greenspan remains reluctant to loosen policy , partly because he faces a phalanx of presidents of regional Fed banks who oppose credit easing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan is Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('But Greenspan remains reluctant to loosen policy .', SUB/ELABORATION('He faces a phalanx of presidents of regional Fed banks .','A phalanx of presidents of regional Fed banks oppose credit easing .')))

Input: In addition , the chairman has a wary eye aimed a year or two down the road .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','The chairman has a wary eye .' ), 'A wary eye was aimed a year or two down the road .')

Input: But if the Fed eases too soon , Mr. Greenspan fears , prices may begin to accelerate again next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('The Fed eases too soon .','But , Greenspan fears , prices may begin to accelerate again next year .'))

Input: So far , Mr. Greenspan 's cautious approach to policy has served both him and the nation well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .','Greenspan 's cautious approach to policy has served both him and the nation well .'))

Input: We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Fastenal Co. , proposed offering of 400,000 common shares by holders , via Robert W. Baird & Co. and William Blair & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Parametric Technology Corp. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 shares will be sold by the company and 334,774 shares by holders , via Alex Brown & Sons , Hambrecht & Quist and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even on the federal bench , specialization is creeping in , and it has become a subject of sharp controversy on the newest federal appeals court .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But even on the federal bench , specialization is creeping in .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the newest federal appeals court .','But even on the federal bench , it has become a subject of sharp controversy .'))

Input: There , judges who saw few such cases and had no experience in the field grappled with some of the most technical and complex disputes imaginable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was there .','Judges grappled with some of the most technical and complex disputes imaginable .' )CO/LIST('Judges saw few such cases .','Judges had no experience in the field .'))

Input: Now only three of the 12 judges -- Pauline Newman , Chief Judge Howard T. Markey , 68 , and Giles Rich , 85 -- have patent-law backgrounds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Howard T. Markey is Chief Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Giles Rich is 85 .','Now only three of the 12 judges -- Pauline Newman , Howard T. Markey , 68 , and Giles Rich -- have patent-law backgrounds .'))

Input: The latter two and Judge Daniel M. Friedman , 73 , are approaching senior status or retirement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daniel M. Friedman is Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The latter two are 73 .','Daniel M. Friedman are 73 .' )CO/LIST('The latter two are approaching senior status or retirement .','Daniel M. Friedman are approaching senior status or retirement .')))

Input: Three seats currently are vacant and three others are likely to be filled within a few years , so patent lawyers and research-based industries are making a new push for specialists to be added to the court .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Three seats currently are vacant .','Three others are likely to be filled within a few years .' )SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Patent lawyers are making a new push for specialists .','Research-based industries are making a new push for specialists .' ), 'This was to be added to the court .'))

Input: Several organizations , including the Industrial Biotechnical Association and the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association , have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates with both patent and scientific backgrounds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with both patent and scientific backgrounds .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including the Industrial Biotechnical Association .','This was including the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association .' ), ', Several organizations have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates .'))

Input: The associations would like the court to include between three and six judges with specialized training .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I believe that any good lawyer should be able to figure out and understand patent law , Judge Mayer says , adding that it 's the responsibility of highly paid lawyers -LRB- who argue before the court -RRB- to make us understand -LRB- complex patent litigation -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mayer was Judge .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i believe -LRB- who argue before the court -RRB- to make us understand -LRB- complex patent litigation -RRB- .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Any good lawyer should be able to figure out and understand patent law .','This was what Mayer says , adding that it 's the responsibility of highly paid lawyers .')))

Input: If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices .','The decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of color and food additives .','The decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of all other non-drug products .' ), 'Billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products required Food & Drug Administration approval .'))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: And that means 42-year-old Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive since January , will for the first time take complete control of Kidder and try to make good on some grandiose plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('42-year-old Michael Carpenter is president and chief executive since January .', SUB/ELABORATION('And that means .', CO/LIST('42-year-old Michael Carpenter will for the first time take complete control of Kidder .','42-year-old Michael Carpenter will for the first time try to make good on some grandiose plans .')))

Input: But even that niche is under attack , as several Wall Street firms pulled back from program trading last week under pressure from big investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But even that niche is under attack .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from big investors .',', Several Wall Street firms pulled back from program trading last week under pressure .'))

Input: More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of syngeries between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp. , GE 's corporate-finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('General Electric Capital Corp. was GE 's corporate-finance unit .', CO/LIST('One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of syngeries between Kidder .','One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of syngeries between General Electric Capital Corp. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('General Electric Capital Corp. is GE 's corporate-finance unit .','General Electric Capital Corp. has $ 42 billion in assets .')))

Input: Yet , says Mr. Carpenter , We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital and Kidder Peabody .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carpenter was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Yet , says Carpenter , We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital .','Yet , says Carpenter , We 've really started to exploit the synergy between Kidder Peabody .'))

Input: Still , without many actual deals to show off , Kidder is left to stress that it finally has a team in place , and that everyone works harder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without many actual deals .','Kidder is left to stress that it finally has a team in place , and that everyone works harder .' ), 'To show off many actual deals .'))

Input: The firm 's new head of mergers and acquisitions under Mr. Newquist , B.J. Megargel , talks of the opportunity to rebuild a franchise at Kidder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Newquist is new head of mergers and acquisitions under Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The firm 's Newquist is B.J. Megargel .','The firm 's Newquist talks of the opportunity to rebuild a franchise at Kidder .'))

Input: The Kidder name is one of only six or seven that every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative when considering a merger deal , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Kidder name is one of only six or seven .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('When considering a merger deal .','This is what he says .')))

Input: With investment banking as Kidder 's lead business , where do Kidder 's 42-branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Carpenter this month sold off Kidder 's eight brokerage offices in Florida and Puerto Rico to Merrill Lynch & Co. , refueling speculation that Kidder is getting out of the brokerage business entirely .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carpenter was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Merrill Lynch & Co. .',', Carpenter this month sold off Kidder 's eight brokerage offices in Florida and Puerto Rico .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Carpenter this month was refueling speculation .','Kidder is getting out of the brokerage business entirely .')))

Input: They will get new and improved tools to sell , particularly to the affluent investor , says brokerage chief Charles V. Sheehan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: However , skeptics caution that this kind of cross-pollination between brokers and investment bankers looks great on paper , but does n't always happen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', Skeptics caution .' )CO/CONTRAST('This kind of cross-pollination between brokers and investment bankers looks great on paper .','This kind of cross-pollination between brokers and investment bankers does n't always happen .'))

Input: Mr. Cathcart , who will return to the Quaker Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures , is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Cathcart was Mr. .',', Cathcart is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Cathcart is Mr. .',', Cathcart will return to the Quaker Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures .'))

Input: It was an absolutely marvelous line and one I used many times , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It was an absolutely marvelous line .','It was one .' ), 'I used many times one .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: Or , as Mr. Carpenter , again drawing on his consulting-firm background , puts it : We 're ready to implement at this point .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carpenter is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Carpenter puts it .',', Carpenter is again drawing on his consulting-firm background .' )CO/LIST('Or .','We 're ready to implement at this point .')))

Input: It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both attract other investment from Taiwan and raise heavy industry capabilities .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was from Taiwan .','It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both attract other investment .' ), 'It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both raise heavy industry capabilities .')

Input: The legislator , Enrique Garcia , had actively backed the plant , but at the original site in his constituency northwest of Manila .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Enrique Garcia was the legislator .', CO/CONTRAST('The legislator had actively backed the plant .','The legislator had actively at the original site in his constituency northwest of Manila .'))

Input: The country 's Supreme Court dismissed the suit , but Mr. Garcia late last month filed for a reconsideration .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The country 's Supreme Court dismissed the suit .', SUB/ELABORATION('Garcia was Mr. .','Garcia late last month filed for a reconsideration .'))

Input: He said USI Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank 's International Finance Corp. for financing that could include equity stakes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Far East was USI .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for financing .','Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank 's International Finance Corp. .' ), 'Financing could include equity stakes .')))

Input: Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today , and one began trading on the Nasdaq\/National Market System last week .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the Nasdaq\/National Market System .','One began trading last week .'))

Input: Crawford evaluates health care plans , manages medical and disability aspects of worker 's compensation injuries and is involved in claims adjustments for insurance companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Crawford evaluates .', CO/LIST('Health care plans .','Health care manages medical and disability aspects of worker 's compensation injuries .','Health care is involved in claims adjustments for insurance companies .'))

Input: Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership , El Paso , Texas , -LRB- ELP -RRB- and Franklin Multi-Income Trust , San Mateo , Calif. , -LRB- FMI -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: President Bush insists it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Bush insists .','It would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs .'))

Input: President Bush badly wants a line-item veto and has long called for a law giving it to the president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', CO/LIST('Bush badly wants a line-item veto .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bush badly has long called for a law .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the president .','A law was giving it .'))))

Input: White House spokesmen last week said Mr. Bush is considering simply declaring that the Constitution gives him the power , exercising a line-item veto and inviting a court challenge to decide whether he has the right .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what White House spokesmen said .','Bush is considering simply declaring that the Constitution gives him the power , exercising a line-item veto and inviting a court challenge to decide whether he has the right .'))

Input: White House aides know it 's a step that ca n't be taken lightly -- and for that reason , the president may back down from launching a test case this year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what White House aides know .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's a step .','A step ca n't be taken lightly .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for that reason .','The president may back down from launching a test case this year .')))

Input: Some senior advisers argue that with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut and a budget-reduction bill looming , Mr. Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some senior advisers argue .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut .','This is with a budget-reduction bill looming .' ), 'Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress .')))

Input: Still , Mr. Bush and some other aides are strongly drawn to the idea of trying out a line-item veto .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .', CO/LIST('Bush are strongly drawn to the idea of trying out a line-item veto .',', Some other aides are strongly drawn to the idea of trying out a line-item veto .')))

Input: They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a clause .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the Constitution .','A clause was buried in Article I , Section 7 that states : Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary -LRB- except on a question of adjournment -RRB- shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect .' ), 'They base their argument , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... .'))

Input: This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a bill , and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause .', SUB/ELABORATION('An earlier clause was specifying .','The president can veto a bill .' ), 'This clause , they argue , is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills .'))

Input: There 's little doubt that such a move would be immediately challenged in court -- and that it would quickly make its way to the Supreme Court to be ultimately resolved .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And it is n't even clear that some pork-barrel projects can be hit with a line-item veto because they tend to be listed in informal conference reports accompanying spending bills rather than in the official bills themselves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And it is n't even clear .', SUB/CAUSE(', Some pork-barrel projects can be hit with a line-item veto .', SUB/ELABORATION('They tend to be listed in informal conference reports rather than in the official bills themselves .','Informal conference reports were accompanying spending bills .')))

Input: Whatever the outcome of a test case , President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans , says Louis Fisher , a scholar at the Congressional Research Service who specializes in executive-legislative relations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was until 1993 .','But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product .' ), 'The decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well .')

Input: People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's healthy for you -- oats , bran .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oats are bran .', CO/LIST('People are reading the boxes .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('People are deciding .','They want something -- oats .' ), ', Something 's healthy for you .')))

Input: Mr. Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , General Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maxwell was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Mills was General .','Maxwell said he would n't be surprised if , over the next two years or so , Mills ' share increased to 30 % or more .'))

Input: A company spokesman said it was possible , but highly unlikely , that the plant might never be built .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a company spokesman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was possible , but highly unlikely .','The plant might never be built .'))

Input: As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('We regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity .','We will look at resuming our involvement with our plan .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street until recently .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 1992 .','It intended to achieve a 50 % share of market .' ), 'A 50 % share of market was measured in dollar volume .'))

Input: Although he called current market conditions highly competitive , Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer , forecast an earnings increase for the full year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('LaMothe was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('LaMothe was Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer .', CO/CONTRAST('He called current market conditions highly competitive .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the full year .','LaMothe forecast an earnings increase .'))))

Input: Last year , the company earned $ 480.4 million , or $ 3.90 a share , on sales of $ 4.3 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 4.3 billion .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Last year , the company earned $ 480.4 million .','Last year , the company earned $ 3.90 a share .'))

Input: Net fell 16 % to $ 123.1 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 145.7 million , or $ 1.18 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 123.1 million .','This was to $ 1.02 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 145.7 million .','This was from $ 1.18 a share .' ), 'Net fell 16 % .'))

Input: PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. said .','It will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions .' ), 'PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions .')

Input: Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Goldman , Sachs & Co .'))

Input: Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and triple-B by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and triple-B by S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .'))

Input: The Singapore and Kuala Lumpur stock exchanges are bracing for a turbulent separation , following Malaysian Finance Minister Daim Zainuddin 's long-awaited announcement that the exchanges will sever ties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daim Zainuddin is Malaysian Finance Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is following Daim Zainuddin 's long-awaited announcement .','The Singapore and Kuala Lumpur stock exchanges are bracing for a turbulent separation .' ), 'The exchanges will sever ties .'))

Input: The finance minister 's order was n't sparked by a single event and does n't indicate a souring in relations between the neighboring countries .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The finance minister 's order was n't sparked by a single event .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in relations between the neighboring countries .','The finance minister 's order does n't indicate a souring .'))

Input: Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings , separate and different listing requirements , differing trading and settlement guidelines and diverging national-policy aims .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was rather .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings .','This was with separate and different listing requirements .','This was with differing trading and settlement guidelines .','This was with diverging national-policy aims .' ), 'The two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years .'))

Input: Istat said the statistics are provisional and are n't seasonally adjusted .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Istat said .', CO/LIST('The statistics are provisional .','The statistics are n't seasonally adjusted .'))

Input: The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Instituto Nacional de Industria is company .', SUB/ELABORATION('Instituto Nacional de Industria is The state-owned industrial holding .', CO/LIST('Instituto Nacional de Industria jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior .','The Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior .')))

Input: The government directly owns 51.4 % and Factorex , a financial services company , holds 8.42 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The government directly owns 51.4 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('Factorex is a financial services company .','Factorex holds 8.42 % .'))

Input: If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/CONDITION('That proves true .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .','Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 .' ), 'The European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers .'))

Input: With 700 branches in Spain and 12 banking subsidiaries , five branches and 12 representative offices abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is with 700 branches in Spain .','This is with 12 banking subsidiaries , five branches and 12 representative offices .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is abroad .','The Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor .'))

Input: Mr. Luzon and his team , however , say they are n't interested in a merger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Luzon is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Luzon and his team say .','They are n't interested in a merger .'))

Input: At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in economic growth .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .','Many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline .'))

Input: Until Mr. Luzon took the helm last November , Banco Exterior was run by politicians who lacked either the skills or the will to introduce innovative changes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Luzon was Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('Luzon took the helm last November .', SUB/ELABORATION('Banco Exterior was run by politicians .','Politicians lacked either the skills or the will to introduce innovative changes .')))

Input: Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending to individuals and small and medium-sized companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to individuals .','This was to small and medium-sized companies .' ), 'Last year 's drop in export credit was partially offset by a 15 % surge in lending .')

Input: But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bank also says it 'll use its international network to channel investment from London , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the bank says .', SUB/PURPOSE('It 'll use its international network .','This is to channel investment from London , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges .'))

Input: Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is a cost-cutting measure and an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better equipped and trained to handle .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The reduction is a cost-cutting measure .','The reduction is an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters .' ), 'It is better equipped and trained to handle matters .'))

Input: In 1980 , the study says , prosecutors surveyed filed charges against 25 defendants for each 100,000 people aged 18 years and older .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1980 .','The study says , prosecutors surveyed filed charges against 25 defendants for each 100,000 people and older .' ), 'Each 100,000 people were aged 18 years .')

Input: The study is to provide reporters , academic experts and others raw data on which to base further inquiries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The U.S. attorney 's office , in documents it filed in response , said Mrs. Marcos was making the fanciful -- and factually unsupported -- claim that she was kidnapped into this country in order to obtain classified material in the case .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Marcos was Mrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the U.S. attorney 's office , in documents it filed in response , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Marcos was making the fanciful -- and factually unsupported -- claim .', SUB/PURPOSE(', She was kidnapped into this country in order .','This was to obtain classified material in the case .'))))

Input: The prosecutor quoted statements from the Marcoses in which they said they were in this country at the invitation of President Reagan and that they were enjoying the hospitality of the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reagan was this country at the invitation of President .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the Marcoses .','The prosecutor quoted statements in which they said they were in Reagan and that they were enjoying the hospitality of the U.S. .'))

Input: He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either participated in or condoned the illegal acts ... or utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the company 's 15 directors on grounds .','He seeks damages .' )CO/LIST('They either participated in .','They either condoned the illegal acts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as directors .','They either utterly failed to carry out their duties .')))

Input: GE is defending itself against government criminal charges of fraud and false claims in connection with a logistics-computer contract for the Army .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is against government criminal charges of fraud .','This is against government false claims in connection .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a logistics-computer contract for the Army .','GE is defending itself .'))

Input: It is a cheap-shot suit -- procedurally defective and thoroughly fallacious -- which was hurriedly filed by a contingency-fee lawyer as a result of newspaper reports , said a GE spokeswoman .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She added that the company was considering bringing sanctions against Mr. Greenfield for making grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenfield was sanctions against Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', She added .','The company was considering bringing Greenfield for making grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations .'))

Input: But Mr. Tonkin said dealers should slash stocks to between 15 and 30 days to reduce the costs of financing inventory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tonkin was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tonkin said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to between 15 and 30 days .','Dealers should slash stocks .' ), 'This is to reduce the costs of financing inventory .')))

Input: His message is getting a chilly reception in Detroit , where the Big Three auto makers are already being forced to close plants because of soft sales and reduced dealer orders .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('His message is getting a chilly reception in Detroit .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was because of soft sales .','This was because of reduced dealer orders .' ), 'The Big Three auto makers are already being forced to close plants .'))

Input: The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The individuals said Gulf Power and federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the individuals said .', CO/LIST('Gulf Power are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million .','Federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million .'))

Input: A spokesman for Southern Co. would say only that discussions are continuing between Gulf Power and federal prosecutors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A spokesman for Southern Co. would say .', CO/LIST('Discussions are continuing between Gulf Power .','Discussions are continuing between federal prosecutors .'))

Input: And prosecutors declined to comment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While Southern Co. has been reluctant to discuss the grand jury investigations , Edward L. Addison , chief executive officer , has said the company is prepared to defend its tax and acccounting practices if any charges are brought against it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward L. Addison was chief executive officer .', CO/CONTRAST(', Southern Co. has been reluctant to discuss the grand jury investigations .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Edward L. Addison has said .','The company is prepared to defend its tax and acccounting practices if any charges are brought against it .')))

Input: Morever , Mr. Addison has said Southern Co. and its units do n't condone illegal political contributions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Addison was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Addison has said .', CO/LIST(', Southern Co. do n't condone illegal political contributions .','Its units do n't condone illegal political contributions .')))

Input: Neither Mr. Addison nor any other Southern Co. official has been charged with any wrongdoing in connection with the current inquiries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Addison was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the current inquiries .','Neither Addison nor any other Southern Co. official has been charged with any wrongdoing in connection .'))

Input: The probe of Southern Co. has attracted considerable attention this year because of several events that have befallen the company , including the death of a Gulf Power executive in a plane crash and the disappearance of a company vendor who was to be a key grand jury witness .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The probe of Southern Co. has attracted considerable attention this year because of several events .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including the death of a Gulf Power executive in a plane crash .','This was including the death of the disappearance of a company vendor .' ), ', Several events have befallen the company .' ), 'The disappearance of a company vendor was to be a key grand jury witness .'))

Input: The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has been one of the sharpest critics of Exxon 's handling of the 11 million gallon tanker spill and has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to meet and discuss it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with 5.8 million members nationwide .','The federation has been one of the sharpest critics of Exxon 's handling of the 11 million gallon tanker spill .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with 5.8 million members nationwide .','The federation has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to meet and discuss it .'))

Input: The March 24 oil spill soiled hundreds of miles of shoreline along Alaska 's southern coast and wreaked havoc with wildlife and the fishing industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was along Alaska 's southern coast .','The March 24 oil spill soiled hundreds of miles of shoreline .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with wildlife .','This was with the fishing industry .' ), 'The March 24 oil spill wreaked havoc .'))

Input: Exxon 's Exxon USA unit was one of the charter members of the Corporate Conservation Council , a panel of executives formed in 1982 by the National Wildlife Federation to foster frank and open discussions between industry and the federation 's leaders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Corporate Conservation Council was a panel of executives .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the National Wildlife Federation .','Executives were formed in 1982 .' ), 'This was to foster frank and open discussions between industry and the federation 's leaders .' ), 'Exxon 's Exxon USA unit was one of the charter members of the Corporate Conservation Council .'))

Input: In a letter to the federation , Raymond Campion , Exxon 's environmental coordinator , said : Recent public actions by you regarding the Valdez oil spill have failed to demonstrate any sense of objectivity or fairness .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Raymond Campion was Exxon 's environmental coordinator .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a letter to the federation .','Raymond Campion said .' ), 'Recent public actions by you regarding the Valdez oil spill have failed to demonstrate any sense of objectivity or fairness .'))

Input: Further , under the agreement , First Tennesse would continue to develop the software that creates customer products and sevices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is further .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the agreement .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tennesse is First .','Tennesse would continue to develop the software .' ), 'The software creates customer products and sevices .')))

Input: Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , and customer service and loan representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions and provide them with information about their accounts , according to John Kelley , executive vice president and corporate services group manager at First Tennessee .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , and customer service and loan representatives .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is according to John Kelley .','This is according to executive vice president .','This is according to corporate services .' ), 'Information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions and provide them with information about their accounts group manager at First Tennessee .'))

Input: We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate manipulation during the past six months , it said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system and the use of capital and interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we believe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the past six months .','There have continued to be indications of exchange-rate manipulation .' ), 'It said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system .','The use of capital and interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates .'))

Input: Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jamie Whitten was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into a $ 49.7 million bequest .', CO/LIST('Jamie Whitten of Mississippi turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state .',', Chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state .')))

Input: The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday , as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oscar Arias was Costa Rican President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', CO/LIST('The agreement was announced by Oscar Arias Friday , as Bush gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy .','The agreement was announced by Oscar Arias Friday , as other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy .')))

Input: Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for three years .',', Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The debt plan was rushed to completion .','This was to be announced at the meeting .'))

Input: The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal , and additional funds are expected from Japan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The International Monetary Fund are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal .','The World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal .' ), 'Additional funds are expected from Japan .')

Input: Tenders , available in minimum denominations of $ 1 million , must be received by noon EST today at Federal Reserve Banks or branches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was available in minimum denominations of $ 1 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Tenders must be received by noon EST today at Federal Reserve Banks .','Tenders must be received by noon EST today at branches .'))

Input: The 13-week and 27-week bills will be issued tomorrow rather than Thursday , Nov. 2 , as originally planned .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The 13-week and 27-week bills will be issued tomorrow .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as originally planned .','The 13-week and 27-week bills will Thursday , Nov. 2 .'))

Input: The Treasury also said noncompetitive tenders will be considered timely if postmarked no later than Sunday , Oct. 29 , and received no later than tomorrow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sunday was Oct. 29 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Treasury said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what noncompetitive tenders will be considered timely .','If postmarked no later than Sunday and received no later than tomorrow .')))

Input: American Pioneer , parent of American Pioneer Savings Bank , said the sale will add capital and reduce the level of investments in subsidiaries for the thrift holding company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('American Pioneer was parent of American Pioneer Savings Bank .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Pioneer said .', CO/LIST('The sale will add capital .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in subsidiaries for the thrift holding company .','The sale will reduce the level of investments .'))))

Input: Recently , the boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends on preferred shares of both companies and convert all preferred into common shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on preferred shares of both companies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into common shares .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was recently .','The boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends and convert all preferred .')))

Input: The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement and approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Florida and Indiana , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is including the insurance departments of the states of Florida and Indiana .', CO/LIST('The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement by various regulatory agencies .','The transaction is subject to execution of approval by various regulatory agencies .' ), 'This was what the company said .'))

Input: But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Hugo , strikes , and less-than-perfect seasonal adjustments , economists said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Hugo .','But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of strikes .','But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of less-than-perfect seasonal adjustments .' ), 'This was what economists said .')

Input: But the important factory-jobs segment , which last month plunged by 103,000 positions and raised recession fears , is most likely to be skewed by the month 's unusual events .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the important factory-jobs segment is most likely to be skewed by the month 's unusual events .', CO/LIST('The important factory-jobs segment last month plunged by 103,000 positions .','The important factory-jobs segment last month raised recession fears .'))

Input: Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data , including : the September leading indicators index , new-home sales and October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow ; the October purchasing managers ' index and September construction spending and manufacturers ' orders on Wednesday ; and October chain-store sales on Thursday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The September leading indicators index are new-home sales .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including : the September leading indicators index .','This is including : October agricultural prices reports due out tomorrow ; the October purchasing managers ' index and September construction spending and manufacturers ' orders on Wednesday ; and October chain-store sales on Thursday .' ), ', Several other reports come before Friday 's jobs data .'))

Input: What 's more , he believes seasonal swings in the auto industry this year are n't occurring at the same time as in the past , because of production and pricing differences that are curbing the accuracy of seasonal adjustments built into the employment data .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as in the past , because of production and pricing differences .',', Seasonal swings in the auto industry this year are n't occurring at the same time .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Production and pricing differences are curbing the accuracy of seasonal adjustments .',', Seasonal adjustments were built into the employment data .')))

Input: But the thing it 's supposed to measure -- manufacturing strength -- it missed altogether last month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Economists said greatly increased consumer optimism , a larger money supply and higher stock prices helped lift the index .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what economists said greatly .', CO/LIST('Increased consumer optimism helped lift the index .','A larger money supply helped lift the index .','Higher stock prices helped lift the index .'))

Input: But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers ' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wyss was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Wyss said .','He will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers ' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has .'))

Input: Construction spending is believed to have slipped about 0.5 % from August levels , although economists noted the rate probably will pick up in the months ahead in response to hurricane and earthquake damage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from August levels .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what construction spending is believed to have slipped about 0.5 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to hurricane and earthquake damage .','Although economists noted the rate probably will pick up in the months ahead in response .')))

Input: Factory owners are buying new machinery at a good rate this fall , machine tool makers say , but sluggish sales of new cars and trucks raise questions about fourth-quarter demand from the important automotive industry .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a good rate .','Factory owners are buying new machinery this fall .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the important automotive industry .',', Sluggish sales of new cars and trucks raise questions about fourth-quarter demand .'))

Input: September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums , but remained 7.7 % below year-earlier levels , according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was below year-earlier levels .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology .',', September orders for machine tools remained 7.7 % .')))

Input: And export business is still good .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And truck sales also are off more than 20 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: However , there 's a continuing dispute between machine tool makers and the Defense Department over whether sophisticated U.S. machine tools would increase the Soviet Union 's military might .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', CO/LIST('There 's a continuing dispute between machine tool makers .','There 's the Defense Department over whether sophisticated U.S. machine tools would increase the Soviet Union 's military might .'))

Input: If that controversy continues , U.S. machine tool makers say , West German and other foreign producers are likely to grab most of the sales in Eastern Europe .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('That controversy continues .','U.S. machine tool makers say .' ), 'West German .','Other foreign producers are likely to grab most of the sales in Eastern Europe .')

Input: Orders last month for metal-forming presses and other machinery to form metal with pressure surged to $ 110.1 million , a 78 % rise from $ 61.7 million a year earlier and a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Orders last month for metal-forming presses surged to $ 110.1 million .','Other machinery to form metal with pressure surged to $ 110.1 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is from $ 61.7 million a year earlier .','Orders last month for metal-forming presses and other machinery to form metal with pressure a 78 % rise .' )CO/LIST('Orders last month for metal-forming presses pressure a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August .','Other machinery to form metal with pressure a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August .'))

Input: Today 's presses are large and costly machines , and a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Today 's presses are large and costly machines .', SUB/ELABORATION('A few orders can produce a high total for one month .','One month does n't necessarily indicate a trend .'))

Input: Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million , a 24 % rise from a year earlier and a 25 % increase from August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('$ 281.2 million was a 24 % rise from a year earlier .','$ 281.2 million was a 25 % increase from August .' ), 'Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million .')

Input: When they talk mega-issues , they 're truly talking mega , says S.A. Dave , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Indian stock markets have been on a five-year high , with dips and corrections , since Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi started liberalizing industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rajiv Gandhi was Prime Minister .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with dips and corrections .','The Indian stock markets have been on a five-year high .' ), 'Rajiv Gandhi started liberalizing industry .'))

Input: And it is n't the only giant issue : together , the top four issues will raise $ 1.3 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And it is n't the only giant issue .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is together .','The top four issues will raise $ 1.3 billion .'))

Input: Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Convertible debentures -- bonds -- are the most popular instrument this year .','Bonds can later be converted into equity shares .' ), 'Many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares .')

Input: In the past , the socialist policies of the government strictly limited the size of new steel mills , petrochemical plants , car factories and other industrial concerns to conserve resources and restrict the profits businessmen could make .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past .','The socialist policies of the government strictly limited the size of new steel mills , petrochemical plants , car factories and other industrial concerns .' ), 'This was to conserve resources and restrict the profits businessmen could make .')

Input: He said industry should build plants on the same scale as those outside India and benefit from economies of scale .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is on the same scale as those outside India .','Industry should build plants .' ), 'Industry should benefit from economies of scale .'))

Input: Mr. Gandhi has called general elections for November , and many businessmen fear that he and his Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party will lose .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi was Mr. .','Gandhi has called general elections for November .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Many businessmen fear .', CO/LIST('He will lose .','His Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party will lose .')))

Input: Some companies are raising money in anticipation of a government less predictable than Mr. Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in anticipation of a government less predictable than Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive .',', Some companies are raising money .'))

Input: Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a petrochemical and agrochemical company , and Usha Rectifier Corp . -LRB- India -RRB- , a semiconductor maker .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with growth come growing pains , and never has this been clearer on the Indian capital market than now .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But now , with large amounts being raised from investors , the government 's dawdling on regulation and disclosure requirements has a more dangerous aspect .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with large amounts .','Large amounts were being raised from investors .' ), 'But now the government 's dawdling on regulation and disclosure requirements has a more dangerous aspect .')

Input: The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , but New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .','The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year .' ), 'New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational .')

Input: Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Dave is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dave is its head .','Dave acts cheery and patient .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is about the need to get to work .','He makes no bones .')))

Input: Mega or non-mega , we feel the prospectus standards need to be considerably improved , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we feel .','The prospectus standards need to be considerably improved .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue , pointing out that it exceeds the company 's annual sales and its market capitalization .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue .', SUB/ELABORATION('The media were pointing out .', CO/LIST('It exceeds the company 's annual sales .','It exceeds its market capitalization .')))

Input: And even when specific projects are described in prospectuses , the money often is used elsewhere , according to analysts .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Specific projects are described in prospectuses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to analysts .','And , the money often is used elsewhere .'))

Input: Mr. Patel agrees : There is no proper monitoring and screening of the use of these funds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Patel is Mr. .','Patel agrees .' ), 'There is no proper monitoring and screening of the use of these funds .')

Input: Lion Nathan Ltd. , a New Zealand brewing and retail concern , said Friday that Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. is committed to a transaction whereby Lion Nathan would acquire 50 % of Bond 's Australian brewing assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Lion Nathan Ltd. was a New Zealand brewing .','Lion Nathan Ltd. was retail concern .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lion Nathan Ltd. said Friday .','Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. is committed to a transaction whereby Lion Nathan would acquire 50 % of Bond 's Australian brewing assets .'))

Input: Finnair , Finland 's state-owned airline , joined the wave of global airline alliances and signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Finnair was Finland 's state-owned airline .', CO/LIST('Finnair joined the wave of global airline alliances .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System .','Finnair signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement .')))

Input: Under the accord , Finnair agreed to coordinate flights , marketing and other functions with SAS , the 50%-state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the accord .', CO/LIST('Finnair agreed to coordinate flights .','Finnair agreed to coordinate marketing .','Finnair agreed to coordinate other functions with SAS , the 50 % - state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden .'))

Input: The pact also calls for coordination between Finnair and Switzerland 's national carrier , Swissair , with which SAS entered a similar alliance last month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Swissair is Switzerland 's national carrier .', CO/LIST('The pact also calls for coordination between Finnair .','The pact also calls for Switzerland 's national carrier .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Swissair was Switzerland 's national carrier .',', SAS entered a similar alliance last month with Switzerland 's national carrier .')))

Input: Finnair and SAS said they plan to swap stakes in each other .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Finnair and SAS said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in each other .','They plan to swap stakes .'))

Input: General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC , as GM got early clearance from the Federal Trade Commission to boost its stake in the British luxury car maker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('General Motors Corp. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC .','Ford Motor Co. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the Federal Trade Commission .','GM got early clearance .' ), 'This was to boost its stake in the British luxury car maker .'))

Input: With the golden share as protection , Jaguar officials have rebuffed Ford 's overtures , and moved instead to forge an alliance with GM .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the golden share as protection .','Jaguar officials have rebuffed Ford 's overtures .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with GM .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the golden share as protection .','Jaguar officials have moved instead to forge an alliance .')))

Input: Jaguar officials have indicated they are close to wrapping up a friendly alliance with GM that would preserve Jaguar 's independence , but no deal has been announced .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jaguar officials have indicated .', SUB/ELABORATION('They are close to wrapping up a friendly alliance with GM .','A friendly alliance with GM would preserve Jaguar 's independence .' ), 'No deal has been announced .'))

Input: Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that would n't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is partly by structuring it in a way .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the accord .','Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A way would n't preclude a full Ford bid .','The golden share expires .')))

Input: These are the last words Abbie Hoffman ever uttered , more or less , before he killed himself .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Abbie Hoffman was the last words .', SUB/ELABORATION('These are Abbie Hoffman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ever uttered , more or less .','Before he killed himself Abbie Hoffman .')))

Input: Of course that was n't the actual conversation the late anti-war activist , protest leader and founder of the Yippies ever had with his brother .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of course .','The late anti-war activist , protest leader and founder of the Yippies ever had with his brother .' ), ', Course was n't the actual conversation .')

Input: The segment is soon to be broadcast on the CBS News series Saturday Night With Connie Chung , thus further blurring the distinction between fiction and reality in TV news .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Connie Chung .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in TV news .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was thus .','The segment is soon to be broadcast on the CBS News series Saturday Night further blurring the distinction between fiction and reality .')))

Input: Since its premiere Sept. 16 , the show on which Ms. Chung appears has used an actor to portray the Rev. Vernon Johns , a civil-rights leader , and one to play a teenage drug dealer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chung was which Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Vernon Johns was the Rev. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since its premiere Sept. 16 .', CO/LIST('The show on Chung appears has used an actor to portray Vernon Johns to play a teenage drug dealer .','The show on Chung appears has used an actor to portray a civil-rights leader to play a teenage drug dealer .','The show on Chung appears has used an actor to portray one to play a teenage drug dealer .'))))

Input: Or call it the wave of the future .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Gerald Stone , the executive producer of A Current Affair , says , We have opened eyes to being a little less conservative and more imaginative in how to present the news .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald Stone was the executive producer of A Current Affair .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to .','Gerald Stone says , We have opened eyes .' ), 'Gerald Stone says , We was being a little less conservative and more imaginative in how to present the news .'))

Input: Saturday Night has cast actors to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket , who calls himself a monster and is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(', Saturday Night has cast actors .','This was to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket .' )CO/LIST('Willie Bosket calls himself a monster .','Willie Bosket is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York .'))

Input: There was a roll of laughter through the stands , says Joe Sukle , the editor of the weekly Press and Journal in Middletown .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They 're filming right now at the bank down the street , and they want shots of people getting out of cars and kids on skateboards .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They 're filming right now at the bank down the street .', SUB/ELABORATION('They want shots of people .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on skateboards .','People are getting out of cars and kids .')))

Input: They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the street .','They are approaching everyone .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they are asking .','If they want to be in a docudrama .'))

Input: And some people do think that acting out scripts is n't worthy of CBS News , which once lent prestige to the network and set standards for the industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And some people do think that acting out scripts is n't worthy of CBS News .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the network and set standards .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the industry .',', CBS News once lent prestige .')))

Input: Criticism of the Abbie Hoffman segment is particularly scathing among people who knew and loved the man .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Criticism of the Abbie Hoffman segment is particularly scathing among people .', CO/LIST('People knew .','People loved the man .'))

Input: This is dangerous and misrepresents Abbie 's life , says Ms. Lawrenson , who has had an advance look at the 36-page script .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CBS News interviewed Jack Hoffman and his sister , Phyllis , as well as Mr. Hoffman 's landlord in Solebury Township , Pa .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hoffman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Phyllis was his sister .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Solebury Township was Pa .', CO/LIST(', CBS News interviewed Jack Hoffman .',', CBS News interviewed his sister as well as Hoffman 's landlord in Solebury Township .'))))

Input: Mr. Silvers says , I wanted to be interviewed to get Abbie 's story out , and maybe talking about the illness will do some good .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Silvers is Mr. .',', Silvers says .' ), 'Talking about the illness will do some good .')

Input: The executive producer of Saturday Night With Connie Chung , Andrew Lack , declines to discuss re-creactions as a practice or his show , in particular .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Connie Chung is Andrew Lack .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is as a practice .','This is as his show .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in particular .','The executive producer of Saturday Night With Connie Chung declines to discuss re-creactions .')))

Input: Last year , Dentsu started HDM , a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Young & Rubicam was U.S. ad agency .', CO/LIST('Last year , Dentsu started HDM .','Last year , Dentsu started a joint network with Young & Rubicam .','Last year , Dentsu started Eurocom of France .'))

Input: Now , the giant marketing company , which holds 25 % of Japan 's 4.4 trillion yen -LRB- $ 30.96 billion -RRB- advertising industry , is considering the acquisition of an advertising network in the U.S. or Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','The giant marketing company is considering the acquisition of an advertising network in the U.S. or Europe .' ), 'The giant marketing company holds 25 % of Japan 's 4.4 trillion yen -LRB- $ 30.96 billion -RRB- advertising industry .')

Input: What is driving Dentsu 's international expansion largely is the need to keep up with its Japanese clients as they grow in the U.S. and Europe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For example , the spokesman says Dentsu has been approached by banks and securities companies a number of times to invest in the troubled British marketing group Saatchi & Saatchi PLC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Saatchi & Saatchi PLC was the troubled British marketing group .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the spokesman says for example .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Dentsu has been approached by banks a number of times .','Dentsu has been approached by securities companies a number of times .' ), 'This was to invest in Saatchi & Saatchi PLC .')))

Input: Though Dentsu says it has no concrete acquisition plans or deadlines , it is laying the groundwork for international growth .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Dentsu says .','It has no concrete acquisition plans or deadlines .' ), 'It is laying the groundwork for international growth .')

Input: But Japanese agencies are cautious about expanding abroad because client relationships are different .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ciba Corning , which had been a 50-50 venture between Basel-based Ciba-Geigy and Corning , has annual sales of about $ 300 million , the announcement said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Ciba Corning has annual sales of about $ 300 million .','This was what the announcement said .' ), ', Ciba Corning had been a 50-50 venture between Basel-based Ciba-Geigy and Corning .')

Input: The announcement said the acquisition should be completed by December after a definitive agreement is completed and regulatory approval is received .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the announcement said .', SUB/TEMPORAL('The acquisition should be completed by December .','A definitive agreement is completed .' ), 'Regulatory approval is received .'))

Input: Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vaux was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Vaux said .', SUB/CONDITION('No agreement is reached .','Other buyers will be sought by bid or auction .')))

Input: The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called notebook PC that weighs less than seven pounds , has a built-in hard disk drive and is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called notebook PC .', CO/LIST('A so-called notebook PC weighs less than seven pounds .','A so-called notebook PC has a built-in hard disk drive .','A so-called notebook PC is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor .'))

Input: The introductions also mark Texas Instruments ' plunge back into a technology it has all but ignored for the past several years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is back into a technology .','The introductions also mark Texas Instruments ' plunge .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Texas Instruments was the past several years .','It has all but ignored for Texas Instruments ' plunge .'))

Input: Although the Dallas-based computer giant introduced the first portable data terminal in 1971 -- a 38-pound monster -- and the world 's first microprocessor-based portable in 1976 , the only portable machines it has introduced since the first part of the decade have been dumb terminals with limited on-board processing ability .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1971 -- a 38-pound monster -- and the world 's first microprocessor-based portable .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1976 .','The Dallas-based computer giant introduced the first portable data terminal .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The only portable machines have been dumb terminals with limited on-board processing ability .','It has introduced since the first part of the decade The only portable machines .')))

Input: Now that is about to change , as Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Now that is about to change .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives .','Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs .'))

Input: Its keyboard , according to industry consultants , is better than Compaq 's , but its battery life of two to three hours is shorter .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to industry consultants .','Its keyboard is better than Compaq 's .' ), 'Its battery life of two to three hours is shorter .')

Input: List prices on the heavier Texas Instrument laptops will be $ 4,999 for the TI Model 25 , with a 20 megabyte disk drive , and $ 5,599 for the 40-megabyte Model 45 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a 20 megabyte disk drive .', CO/LIST('List prices on the heavier Texas Instrument laptops will be $ 4,999 for the TI Model 25 .','List prices on the heavier Texas Instrument laptops will be $ 5,599 for the 40-megabyte Model 45 .'))

Input: Shearson 's application is the first since the Taiwan Securities and Exchange Commission announced June 21 that it would allow foreign brokerage firms to do business in that country .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', Shearson 's application is the first .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Taiwan Securities and Exchange Commission announced June 21 .', SUB/PURPOSE('It would allow foreign brokerage firms .','This is to do business in that country .')))

Input: Under current rules , investors in Taiwan can buy overseas stocks only through the purchase of mutual funds issued by local and foreign investment trusts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under current rules .','Investors in Taiwan can buy overseas stocks only through the purchase of mutual funds .' ), 'Mutual funds were issued by local and foreign investment trusts .')

Input: A spokesman for Shearson said the brokerage service will be directed at individual investors who want to buy foreign and domestic stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for Shearson said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The brokerage service will be directed at individual investors .','Individual investors want to buy foreign and domestic stocks .'))

Input: Retailers in the West and parts of the South are entering the critical Christmas shopping season with more momentum than those in other regions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with more momentum than those in other regions .', CO/LIST('Retailers in the West are entering the critical Christmas shopping season .','Parts of the South are entering the critical Christmas shopping season .'))

Input: Sales increased a more modest 4.8 % in the South and 4.4 % in the Midwest .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in the South .','This was in 4.4 % .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the Midwest .',', Sales increased a more modest 4.8 % .'))

Input: But sales in the oil-patch state of Texas surged 12.9 % and sales in South Carolina jumped 10.6 % in the period , the New York trade group said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('But sales in the oil-patch state of Texas surged .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the period .', CO/LIST('12.9 % jumped 10.6 % .',', Sales in South Carolina jumped 10.6 % .' ), 'This was what the New York trade group said .')))

Input: There are a lot of have and have-not markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through Christmas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lagnado was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Lagnado predicted .','The regional trends would continue through Christmas .'))

Input: The Christmas quarter is important to retailers because it represents roughly a third of their sales and nearly half of their profits .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The Christmas quarter is important to retailers .', CO/LIST('It represents roughly a third of their sales .','It represents nearly half of their profits .'))

Input: El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth , the three strongest retail markets in the nation , are all located in Texas , where employment grew a relatively strong 2 % .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth were the three strongest retail markets in the nation .','El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth are all located in Texas .' ), 'Employment grew a relatively strong 2 % .')

Input: Mr. Lagnado said that although retailers probably wo n't ever recover sales lost because of the California quake and Hurricane Hugo , they could see some benefits later on .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lagnado was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lagnado said .', CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Retailers probably wo n't ever recover sales lost because of the California quake .','Retailers probably wo n't ever recover sales lost because of Hurricane Hugo .' ), 'They could see some benefits later on .')))

Input: Kerr-McGee Corp. said it will spend $ 42 million to purchase land and relocate its ammonium perchlorate storage facility to Clark County , Nev. , from Henderson , Nev .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Clark County was Nev. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kerr-McGee Corp. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It will spend $ 42 million .','This is to purchase land and relocate its ammonium perchlorate storage facility to Clark County from Henderson , Nev .')))

Input: The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This is to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas .','It will move the storage and cross-blending operations .' ), 'This is to distance the operations from residential areas .'))

Input: Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer that is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle and military rockets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer .', CO/LIST('An oxidizer is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle .','An oxidizer is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in military rockets .'))

Input: American Pacific and Kerr-McGee are the only two U.S. manufacturers of ammonium perchlorate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kerr-McGee said it has purchased 3,350 acres from the federal government in Clark County and plans to begin construction early next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kerr-McGee said .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was from the federal government in Clark County .','It has purchased 3,350 acres .' ), 'It plans to begin construction early next year .'))

Input: Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Removed from office were George Pratt , Robert E. Davis , Norman Gray , John Virtue , corporate secretary , and Barrett B. Weekes , chairman , president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('George Pratt was Robert E. Davis .','George Pratt was Norman Gray .','George Pratt was John Virtue .','George Pratt was corporate secretary .','George Pratt was Barrett B. Weekes .' ), 'Removed from office were George Pratt chairman , president and chief executive officer .')

Input: Newport officials did n't respond Friday to requests to discuss the changes at the company but earlier , Mr. Weekes had said Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team on the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Weekes was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Weekes had said .','Hollander wanted to have his own team on the board .'))

Input: Merger and acquisition activity in the third quarter exceeded the year-earlier pace , said Merrill Lynch & Co. 's W.T. Grimm & Co. unit in Schaumburg , Ill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Grimm counted 16 transactions valued at $ 1 billion or more in the latest period , twice as many as a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Grimm counted 16 transactions .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was twice as many as a year earlier .','16 transactions were valued at $ 1 billion or more in the latest period .'))

Input: Citing current stock market conditions and the trend away from highly leveraged transactions , Grimm said it was n't certain that the total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Grimm was citing current stock market conditions away from highly leveraged transactions .','Grimm was citing the trend away from highly leveraged transactions .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Grimm said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was n't certain .','The total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 .')))

Input: MEDICINE SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. declared a 3-for-2 stock split , and substantially boosted the dividend payout .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. was MEDICINE .', CO/LIST(', SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. declared a 3-for-2 stock split .',', SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. substantially boosted the dividend payout .'))

Input: NBI said that it has the funds to pay the dividend , but that it does n't have the surplus or profit required under Delaware law for payment of the dividend .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what NBI said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for payment of the dividend .','That it has the funds to pay the dividend , but that it does n't have the surplus or profit required under Delaware law .'))

Input: Under terms of the stock , the Yukon ESOP can demand that the stock be redeemed for $ 4,090,000 on Nov. 30 , but NBI said it is legally prohibited from making the redemption .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under terms of the stock .','The Yukon ESOP can demand .' ), 'The stock be redeemed for $ 4,090,000 on Nov. 30 .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what NBI said .','It is legally prohibited from making the redemption .'))

Input: NBI also said it has hired Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. as its financial adviser and investment banker to help it restructure financially and improve its balance sheet .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what NBI said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It has hired Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. as its financial adviser and investment banker .','This was to help it restructure financially and improve its balance sheet .'))

Input: Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake .','The San Francisco earthquake is totaling nearly $ 1 billion .' ), 'The recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months .')

Input: This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage to infrastructure such as bridges , highways and public buildings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to infrastructure such as bridges .','This is to infrastructure such as highways .','This is to infrastructure such as public buildings .' ), 'This estimate does n't include claims .'))

Input: The estimated earthquake losses are low compared with the $ 4 billion in claims that insurers face from Hurricane Hugo , which ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The estimated earthquake losses are low compared with the $ 4 billion in claims .','Insurers face from Hurricane Hugo .' ), 'Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month .')

Input: The reinsurance market has been bloodied by disasters in the U.S. as well as in Great Britain and Europe , says Thomas Rosencrants , director of research at Interstate\/Johnson Lane Inc. in Atlanta .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Insurers typically retain a small percentage of the risks they underwrite and pass on the rest of the losses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Insurers typically retain a small percentage of the risks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the rest of the losses .','They underwrite and pass the risks .'))

Input: Insurers , such as Cigna Corp. , Transamerica Corp , and Aetna Life & Casualty Co. , buy reinsurance from other U.S.-based companies and Lloyd 's of London for one catastrophe at a time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for one catastrophe at a time .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as Cigna Corp. .','This is such as Transamerica Corp .','This is such as Aetna Life & Casualty Co. .' )CO/LIST('Insurers buy reinsurance from other U.S.-based companies .','Insurers buy Lloyd 's of London .')))

Input: After Hugo hit , many insurers exhausted their reinsurance coverage and had to tap reinsurers to replace that coverage in case there were any other major disasters before the end of the year .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Hugo hit .', CO/LIST('Many insurers exhausted their reinsurance coverage .','Many insurers had to tap reinsurers to replace that coverage in case there were any other major disasters before the end of the year .'))

Input: After the earthquake two weeks ago , brokers say companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again and Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what brokers say after the earthquake .', CO/LIST(', Companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again .','Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own .'))

Input: However , companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance are likely to see their rates remain flat , or perhaps even decline slightly .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', Companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance are likely to see their rates remain flat .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', Companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance perhaps even decline slightly .'))

Input: But some large insurers , such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , do n't purchase reinsurance , but fund their own program .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. .','But some large insurers do n't purchase reinsurance .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. .','But some large insurers do n't fund their own program .'))

Input: The $ 472 million of losses State Farm expects from Hugo and an additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', State Farm is losses .', CO/LIST('The $ 472 million of State Farm expects from Hugo .','An additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth .'))

Input: Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ; Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge ; and Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes and after using its reinsurance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hartford Insurance Group is a unit of ITT Corp. .','Hartford Insurance Group expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge .' )SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is before taxes and after .','Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million .' ), 'Fireman 's Fund Corp. is using its reinsurance .'))

Input: The consumer electronics , home appliances and information-processing concern said revenue in the six months ended Sept. 30 rose 8.9 % to 517.85 billion yen from 475.6 billion yen .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the consumer electronics , home appliances and information-processing concern said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 517.85 billion yen .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 475.6 billion yen .', SUB/ELABORATION('Revenue in the six months rose 8.9 % .','The six months were ended Sept. 30 .'))))

Input: Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 236.23 billion yen .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 194.24 billion yen .',', Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % .' ), ', Sales of information-processing products and electric parts accounted for 46 % of total sales .'))

Input: The company said the debentures are being issued at an issue price of $ 849 for each $ 1,000 principal amount and are convertible at any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of $ 25 a share .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','The debentures are being issued at an issue price of $ 849 for each $ 1,000 principal amount .' ), 'The company are convertible at any time prior to maturity at a conversion price of $ 25 a share .')

Input: At the same time , shareholders approved the adoption of a rights plan and a super-majority voting approval requirement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .', CO/LIST(', Shareholders approved the adoption of a rights plan .',', Shareholders approved the adoption of a super-majority voting approval requirement .'))

Input: They also approved the relocation of the company 's registered office to Toronto from Vancouver and a name change to NHI Nelson Holdings International Ltd .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Toronto .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was from Vancouver .','This was from a name change .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to NHI Nelson Holdings International Ltd .','They also approved the relocation of the company 's registered office .')))

Input: Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is following the consolidation .','The entertainment company have about 4.1 million shares outstanding .' ), 'The entertainment company has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will .')

Input: Under the super-majority amendment , certain mergers and other transactions would require approval of holders of 80 % of the company 's common shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the super-majority amendment .', CO/LIST(', Certain mergers would require approval of holders of 80 % of the company 's common shares outstanding .','Other transactions would require approval of holders of 80 % of the company 's common shares outstanding .'))

Input: Wilfred American Educational Corp. said a federal grand jury in Boston indicted the operator of cosmetology and business schools for mail fraud .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Wilfred American Educational Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for mail fraud .','A federal grand jury in Boston indicted the operator of cosmetology and business schools .'))

Input: The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sugarman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sugarman is its chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('The group owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's .', CO/LIST('The group is led by Giant Group Ltd. .','The group is led by its chairman .'))))

Input: Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit not nice and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sugarman was Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Sugarman called the lawsuit not nice .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sugarman said .', CO/LIST('His group will continue to push for control of the company .','His group will continue to push for the removal of certain directors .'))))

Input: Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rally 's said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It formed a committee of three directors .','This was to analyze the situation .' ), 'Three directors are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups .'))

Input: Leaseway Transportation Corp. said it will restructure $ 192.5 million of certain subordinated debentures to reduce its debt obligations and interest expense .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Leaseway Transportation Corp. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It will restructure $ 192.5 million of certain subordinated debentures .','This is to reduce its debt obligations and interest expense .'))

Input: Leaseway provides transportation services for manufacturers , distributors and retailers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Leaseway said it has begun discussions with certain institutional debt holders to review the proposed private placement transaction , which would exchange the debt for new subordinated debt instruments and equity securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Leaseway said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with certain institutional debt holders .','It has begun discussions .' ), 'This was to review the proposed private placement transaction .' ), 'The proposed private placement transaction would exchange the debt for new subordinated debt instruments and equity securities .'))

Input: Company officials said Leaseway fulfilled payment requirements of its debt obligations since the leveraged buy-out , but our performance since the -LCB- buy-out -RCB- makes it imperative to implement actions that will further improve our cash flow .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what company officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since the leveraged buy-out .','Leaseway fulfilled payment requirements of its debt obligations .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Our performance since the -LCB- buy-out -RCB- makes it imperative to implement actions .','Actions will further improve our cash flow .')))

Input: The threat came during a two-day celebration in Costa Rica to highlight Central America 's progress toward democracy in the region , attended by President Bush , Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and 14 other Western Hemisphere leaders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Brian Mulroney was Canadian Prime Minister .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Costa Rica .','The threat came during a two-day celebration .' ), 'This was to highlight Central America 's progress toward democracy in the region , attended by Bush , Brian Mulroney and 14 other Western Hemisphere leaders .')))

Input: And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November if the Contras are to receive the rest of the $ 49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance under a bipartisan agreement reached with the Bush administration in March .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under a bipartisan agreement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in March .','A bipartisan agreement was reached with the Bush administration .' ), 'The Contras are to receive the rest of the $ 49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance .')))

Input: While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Mr. Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ortega is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue .','While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters .'))

Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Petrie said that on Oct. 26 Petrie Stores agreed to purchase Mr. Petrie 's 2,331,100 Deb Shops shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Petrie was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Petrie said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 26 .','Petrie Stores agreed to purchase Petrie 's 2,331,100 Deb Shops shares .')))

Input: The Tokyo camera maker said net income more than doubled to 5.85 billion yen , or 16.08 a share , from 2.63 billion yen , or 7.24 yen a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Tokyo camera maker said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from 2.63 billion yen .','This was from 7.24 yen a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income more than doubled to 5.85 billion yen .','Net income more than doubled to 16.08 a share .')))

Input: Pretax profit is expected to increase 18 % to 22 billion yen and net income is expected to rise 53 % to 10.5 billion yen .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 22 billion yen .','Pretax profit is expected to increase 18 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 10.5 billion yen .','Net income is expected to rise 53 % .'))

Input: Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gulf Canada , Calgary , said .', CO/LIST('The transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada .','The transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Indonesia .','The transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on other international areas .'))

Input: He said Gulf Canada will likely report an extraordinary gain from the sale in the fourth quarter , but he would n't offer a specific estimate .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the sale in the fourth quarter .','Gulf Canada will likely report an extraordinary gain .' ), 'He would n't offer a specific estimate .'))

Input: A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker as soon as possible , even if a merger is n't consummated .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. .','A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a unit of DPC Acquisition Partners said .','It would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker as soon as possible , even if a merger is n't consummated .'))

Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what DPC Acquisition said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it expects .', SUB/PURPOSE('It will need about $ 215 million .','This was to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses .')))

Input: DPC Acquisition added that it has not begun discussions with financing sources , and said it expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('DPC Acquisition added .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with financing sources .','It has not begun discussions .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .','It expected to repay the amounts borrowed through proceeds of the liquidation .')))

Input: Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Dataproducts officials declined to comment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dataproducts officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition .','DPC Acquisition seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts .')))

Input: Dataproducts has since started a restructuring , and has said it is not for sale .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Dataproducts has since started a restructuring .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dataproducts has said .','It is not for sale .'))

Input: Kofcoh is a New York holding company for Rosalco Inc. , which imports furniture and other items .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kofcoh is a New York holding company for Rosalco Inc. .', CO/LIST('Rosalco Inc. imports furniture .','Rosalco Inc. imports other items .'))

Input: David L. Koffman , president and chief executive officer of Jayark , holds about 40 % of Kofcoh , Jayark said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David L. Koffman was president and chief executive officer of Jayark .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('David L. Koffman holds about 40 % of Kofcoh .','This was what Jayark said .'))

Input: Jayark , New York , distributes and rents audio-visual equipment and prints promotional ads for retailers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jayark is New York .', CO/LIST('Jayark distributes and rents audio-visual equipment .','Jayark prints promotional ads for retailers .'))

Input: Oils and fats also did well , posting a 5.3 % sales increase .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sales in the category that includes pharmaceuticals , amino acids and chemicals rose 4.7 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sales in the category rose 4.7 % .', CO/LIST('The category includes pharmaceuticals .','The category includes amino acids .','The category includes chemicals .'))

Input: Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange and Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what several longtime observers of the commodities industry think .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange .','This was by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules .' ), 'The fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent .'))

Input: Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was looking for a president who would be responsive to the needs of the membership and the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guttman was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement .', SUB/ELABORATION('He was looking for a president .', CO/LIST('A president would be responsive to the needs of the membership .','A president would be responsive to the needs of the board .'))))

Input: Mr. Thompson first came to the exchange in 1981 and has been executive vice president since March 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thompson was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1981 .','Thompson first came to the exchange .' ), 'Thompson first has been executive vice president since March 1988 .'))

Input: Mr. Staloff , 44 , was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Staloff was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Staloff was 44 .', CO/LIST(', Staloff was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange .',', Staloff is considered a specialist in new financial products .')))

Input: The educational effort of teaching companies in the natural gas industry how to use the futures to hedge would have to continue for another a year or two , he added .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York , and third behind the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York .', CO/LIST('The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have third behind the Chicago Board of Trade .','The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have third behind the Chicago Board of Chicago Mercantile Exchange .'))

Input: Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was at the two big Chicago exchanges .', CO/LIST('Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders .','Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted one clerk .'))

Input: But in May , the Chicago Merc said it was looking into creating a common system with the Chicago Board of Trade , and it suspended negotiations with the New York Merc .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Chicago Merc said in May .','It was looking into creating a common system with the Chicago Board of Trade .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the New York Merc .','But in May , it suspended negotiations .'))

Input: Michael Frawley , metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York , said there is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper , which ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound , up 1.6 cents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Frawley was metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Michael Frawley said .','There is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 1.6 cents .','December copper ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound .')))

Input: But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','It wo n't climb further .' ), 'But he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 .')

Input: He noted that the equity markets will set the tone for the industrial metals this week and traders should keep an eye on Wall Street .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he noted .','The equity markets will set the tone for the industrial metals this week .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Wall Street .','Traders should keep an eye .'))

Input: He said there are two reports this week that might affect prices : the purchasing managers report on Wednesday and the unemployment report on Friday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('There are two reports this week that might affect prices : the purchasing managers report on Wednesday .','There are two reports this week that might affect prices : the unemployment report on Friday .'))

Input: He thought the moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in the equity and other financial markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He thought .', CO/LIST('The moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in the equity .','The moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in other financial markets .'))

Input: CP_START CP CP CP CP CP OTHERS CC CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: CP_START CC CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices this week will likely be dominated by reports on the progress of the corn and soybean harvest as well as by speculation about more purchases of U.S. crops by the Soviet Union .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was about more purchases of U.S. crops .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was by the Soviet Union .','Prices this week will likely be dominated by reports on the progress of the corn and soybean harvest as well as by speculation .'))

Input: In recent weeks , warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent weeks .','Warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and .' )CO/LIST('The Midwest harvest .', SUB/PURPOSE('The Midwest is permitting farmers .','This was to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought .')))

Input: Employees of the Globe and Mail , a Thomson Corp. newspaper in Toronto , voted to accept a tentative contract agreement Saturday , averting a strike at Canada 's leading daily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A Thomson Corp. newspaper in Toronto was employees of the Globe and Mail .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at Canada 's leading daily .','Employees of the Globe and Mail voted to accept a tentative contract agreement Saturday , averting a strike .'))

Input: Under the terms of the three-year contract , similar to one reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month , the 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year and 7 % in each of the following two years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is similar to one .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the terms of the three-year contract .', CO/LIST('The 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year .','The 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 7 % in each of the following two years .' ), 'One is reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month .')))

Input: In addition to wage increases , the union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans , Mr. Slotnick said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Slotnick was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to wage increases .','This was in addition .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans .','This was what Slotnick said .')))

Input: For three years , a healthy economy and the export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies to record levels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to record levels .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for three years .', CO/LIST('A healthy economy propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies .','The export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies .')))

Input: But now the companies are getting into trouble because they undertook a record expansion program while they were raising prices sharply .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But now the companies are getting into trouble .', CO/CONTRAST('They undertook a record expansion program .','They were raising prices sharply .'))

Input: Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for commodity-oriented paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now .','Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in 1991 for commodity-oriented paper companies .' ), 'A 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for commodity-oriented paper companies account for the majority of the industry .')

Input: Generally they maintain that , barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies , the industry is n't headed for a prolonged slump .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Generally they maintain .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was barring a recession .','This was barring a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies .' ), 'The industry is n't headed for a prolonged slump .'))

Input: Last week Mr. Adler lowered his rating from hold to avoid on Boise Cascade , Champion International , Great Northern Nekoosa , International Paper , Louisiana Pacific and Weyerhaeuser .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Adler was Last week Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from hold .','Adler lowered his rating .' ), 'This was to avoid on Boise Cascade , Champion International , Great Northern Nekoosa , International Paper , Louisiana Pacific and Weyerhaeuser .'))

Input: Oppenheimer 's Mr. Palmero , meanwhile , is steering clear of Gaylord Container , Stone Container and Federal Paper Board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Palmero is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .', CO/LIST('Oppenheimer 's Palmero is steering clear of Gaylord Container .','Oppenheimer 's Palmero is steering clear of Stone Container .','Oppenheimer 's Palmero is steering clear of Federal Paper Board .')))

Input: Louisiana Pacific and Georgia Pacific said a number of other analysts are recommending them because of their strong wood-products business .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Louisiana Pacific and Georgia Pacific said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is because of their strong wood-products business .','A number of other analysts are recommending them .'))

Input: Mr. Palmero recommends Temple-Inland , explaining that it is virtually the sole major paper company not undergoing a major capacity expansion , and thus should be able to lower long-term debt substantially next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Palmero is Mr. .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Palmero recommends Temple-Inland .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Palmero is explaining .','It is virtually the sole major paper company not undergoing a major capacity expansion .' ), 'Palmero thus should be able to lower long-term debt substantially next year .')))

Input: A Temple-Inland spokesman said the company expects record earnings in 1989 , and we 're still pretty bullish on 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Temple-Inland spokesman said .','The company expects record earnings in 1989 .' ), 'We 're still pretty bullish on 1990 .')

Input: Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies , which buy pulp from the commodity producers and should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some take a warm view of consumer-oriented paper companies .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the commodity producers .',', Consumer-oriented paper companies buy pulp .' ), ', Consumer-oriented paper companies should benefit from the expected declines in pulp prices .'))

Input: Estimates on how much pulp prices will fall next year currently run between $ 150 and $ 250 a metric ton .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts agree that the price drop should especially benefit the two big tissue makers , Scott Paper and Kimberly-Clark .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts agree .', CO/LIST('The price drop should especially benefit the two big tissue makers .','The price drop should especially benefit Scott Paper .','The price drop should especially benefit Kimberly-Clark .'))

Input: Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shoney 's Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for its fourth quarter .','Its fourth quarter was ended yesterday .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million .','It will report a write-off of seven cents a share .')))

Input: These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments .','These payments consisted of $ 121 million in prepayments .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from operating cash flow .','This was from zero-coupon subordinated debt .','This was from assets sales .' ), '$ 121 million in prepayments was funded by $ 82.8 million .'))

Input: The Dutch utility firm serves the Amsterdam and Utrecht areas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive said that the anticipated earnings increase is fairly modest because Nissan is spending heavily to bolster its dealership network in Japan and because of currency-exchange fluctuations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the executive said .', SUB/CAUSE('The anticipated earnings increase is fairly modest .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Japan and because of currency-exchange fluctuations .','Nissan is spending heavily to bolster its dealership network .')))

Input: Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kume was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Last year , Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at its factories .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in North America , Europe and Australia .','Last year , Kume said , Nissan produced 570,000 cars and trucks .'))))

Input: That will involve a substantial increase in overseas manufacturing capacity , he acknowledged , but did n't provide specific details .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in overseas manufacturing capacity .','That will involve a substantial increase .' ), 'This was what he acknowledged .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in overseas manufacturing capacity .','That will involve a substantial increase , he did n't provide specific details .'))

Input: National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including a gain of $ 18 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the sale of a steel tube company .', CO/DISJUNCTION('National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million .','National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned 97 cents a share .')))

Input: In fiscal 1989 , it had sales of about $ 40 million and an operating loss of $ 1.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fiscal 1989 .', CO/LIST('It had sales of about $ 40 million .','It had an operating loss of $ 1.5 million .'))

Input: The municipal bond market is bracing for tough times through the end of the year as it struggles to absorb an oversupply of bonds and two of its best customers turn into sellers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is through the end of the year .','The municipal bond market is bracing for tough times .' ), 'It struggles to absorb an oversupply of bonds .' ), 'Two of its best customers turn into sellers .')

Input: Commercial banks and property\/casualty insurers , which together own about 36 % of all municipal bonds , have been dumping their securities for weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for weeks .',', Commercial banks and property\/casualty insurers have been dumping their securities .' ), ', Commercial banks and property\/casualty insurers together own about 36 % of all municipal bonds .')

Input: People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But while analysts say that municipal bonds still offer good value , you would n't know it by the way institutional investors are rushing to dump their holdings .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .','Municipal bonds still offer good value .' ), 'But , you would n't know it by the way institutional investors are rushing to dump their holdings .')

Input: Big banks such as Chemical Bank and Chase Manhattan , which have been taking heavy charges to expand their Third World loan-loss reserves , are n't looking for tax-exempt income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Big banks such as Chemical Bank and Chase Manhattan are n't looking for tax-exempt income .', SUB/PURPOSE('Big banks such as Chemical Bank and Chase Manhattan have been taking heavy charges .','This was to expand their Third World loan-loss reserves .'))

Input: The spokeswoman confirmed that the bank has significantly reduced its muni holdings , but could n't immediately confirm the amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The spokeswoman confirmed .', CO/CONTRAST('The bank has significantly reduced its muni holdings .','The bank could n't immediately confirm the amount .'))

Input: There is speculation that property\/casualty firms will sell even more munis as they scramble to raise cash to pay claims related to Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', California was Hurricane Hugo .',', California was the Northern .' )SUB/ELABORATION('There is speculation .', SUB/ELABORATION('Property\/casualty firms will sell even more munis .','They scramble to raise cash to pay claims related to California earthquake .')))

Input: Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a time .','Many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs .' ), 'Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue .')

Input: The recent natural disasters , and the need of many other cities to rebuild crumbling infrastructure , suggests that supply of new issues will continue to rise sharply -- even as demand tapers off .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The recent natural disasters suggests .','The need of many other cities to rebuild crumbling infrastructure , suggests .' ), ', Supply of new issues will continue to rise sharply -- even as demand tapers off .')

Input: But traders said the market 's tone could pick up this week if New York City 's $ 787 million bond offering goes well .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .', SUB/CONDITION('The market 's tone could pick up this week .','New York City 's $ 787 million bond offering goes well .'))

Input: The city 's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The city 's economy is growing weaker .', SUB/ELABORATION('Expenditures are rising .','Tax revenue is falling .'))

Input: Treasury bonds fell sharply on confusion about this week 's Treasury debt auction and rumors that a major Japanese investor was unloading large amounts of long-term bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Treasury bonds fell sharply on confusion about this week 's Treasury debt auction .','Treasury bonds fell sharply on rumors .' ), 'A major Japanese investor was unloading large amounts of long-term bonds .')

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 2\/32 , down nearly 5\/8 point from Thursday , or about $ 6.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down nearly 5\/8 point from Thursday .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 1022\/32 .','The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended at about $ 6.25 .')))

Input: Late Thursday , the Treasury said it needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly and would do so by issuing new securities this week .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Treasury said .', CO/LIST('It needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly .','It would do so by issuing new securities this week .'))

Input: Instead , the Treasury announced it would sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills today and said that the weekly sale of $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills will take place today , as usual , but the sale will settle tomorrow instead of Thursday .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Treasury announced .','It would sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills today .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Treasury said .','The weekly sale of $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills will take place today , as usual .' ), 'The sale will settle tomorrow instead of Thursday .'))

Input: The firm is thought to have purchased up to $ 3 billion of 30-year bonds in a buying spree on Wednesday and the previous Thursday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in a buying spree on Wednesday Thursday .','This was in a buying spree on the previous Thursday .' ), 'The firm is thought to have purchased up to $ 3 billion of 30-year bonds .')

Input: Dealers say the firm apparently has wanted to publicize its recent buying and subsequent selling of 30-year bonds by using Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Corp. as a broker .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what dealers say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by using Cantor Fitzgerald Securities Corp. as a broker .','The firm apparently has wanted to publicize its recent buying and subsequent selling of 30-year bonds .'))

Input: Nippon Kangyo 's moves puzzled traders and created confusion among potential investors , many of whom decided to stay out of the market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Nippon Kangyo 's moves puzzled traders .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among potential investors , many of whom decided to stay out of the market .','Nippon Kangyo 's moves created confusion .'))

Input: As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts say as a result of its large-scale buying .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Liquidity has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue .','The ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue .'))

Input: It shows that there are buyers of high-quality assets at high prices in today 's market , said Robert Long , managing director and head of the high-yield research department at First Boston Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many of the RJR securities , which had been trading near their 52-week lows earlier in the session , bounced back after the company 's announcement that it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle Foods , a unit of the Swiss-based food concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Nestle Foods were a unit of the Swiss-based food concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('Many of the RJR securities bounced back after the company 's announcement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Nestle Foods .','It agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses .' ), 'Many of the RJR securities had been trading near their 52-week lows earlier in the session .')))

Input: The premium the elderly pay for coverage of doctor 's bills under Part B of the Medicare health insurance plan will rise to $ 29 a month in 1990 from $ 27.90 , the Department of Health and Human Services said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Department of Health and Human Services were $ 27.90 .', SUB/ELABORATION('The premium said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from $ 27.90 The premium .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in 1990 .','The elderly pay for coverage of doctor 's bills under Part B of the Medicare health insurance plan will rise to $ 29 a month .'))))

Input: Under a less-sweeping Senate plan , the catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year , but the surtax would be abolished .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under a less-sweeping Senate plan .','The catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year .' ), 'The surtax would be abolished .')

Input: Both the House and Senate bills to reduce the cost and coverage of the catastrophic-care plan would eliminate the cap on doctor 's bills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on doctor 's bills .','Both the House and Senate bills would eliminate the cap .' ), 'To reduce the cost and coverage of the catastrophic-care plan Both the House and Senate bills .')

Input: Lockheed Corp. said it will trim its Aeronautical Systems work force in California and Georgia by several hundred workers , reflecting the defense industry 's decline .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lockheed Corp. said .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in California and Georgia .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by several hundred workers .','It will trim its Aeronautical Systems work force .' ), 'It is reflecting the defense industry 's decline .')))

Input: The Lockheed unit has 24,000 workers ; it expects to make the cuts through a combination of furloughs , attrition and retirements .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Lockheed unit has 24,000 workers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through a combination of furloughs , attrition and retirements .','It expects to make the cuts .'))

Input: Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement , and a company official declined further comment .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Jim Pattison Industries were a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores .','Jim Pattison Industries did n't elaborate on the statement .' ), 'A company official declined further comment .')

Input: Separately , Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$ 2.6 million , or 18 Canadian cents a share , reflecting inventory write-downs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$ 2.6 million .','Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of 18 Canadian cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .','Innopac was reflecting inventory write-downs .')))

Input: The results made net income for the year ended Aug. 31 C$ 2.7 million , or 20 Canadian cents a share , down from C$ 9.7 million , or 70 Canadian cents a share last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The results made .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from C$ 9.7 million , or 70 Canadian cents a share last year .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income for the year ended Aug. 31 C$ 2.7 million .','Net income for the year ended Aug. 31 20 Canadian cents a share .')))

Input: Martin Fabi , Innopac 's president and chief executive , said Innopac viewed Mr. Pattison 's decision to seek control as a very positive move .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pattison was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Martin Fabi was Innopac 's president and chief executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Martin Fabi said .','Innopac viewed Pattison 's decision to seek control as a very positive move .')))

Input: Bowing to criticism , Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Bear Stearns were bowing to criticism .','Morgan Stanley were bowing to criticism .','Oppenheimer were bowing to criticism .' )CO/LIST('Bear Stearns joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .','Morgan Stanley joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .','Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts .'))

Input: But the new pact will force huge debt on the new firm and could still fail to thwart rival suitor McCaw Cellular .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McCaw Cellular is rival suitor .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the new firm .','But the new pact will force huge debt .' ), 'But the new pact could still fail to thwart McCaw Cellular .'))

Input: The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The accord helps RJR pay off debt .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 12 % .','The accord boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market .'))

Input: GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15 % stakes in Jaguar .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he struck out with the decimal system of metric weights and measures the French had invented .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But he struck out with the decimal system of metric weights .', SUB/ELABORATION('But he measures .','The French had invented .'))

Input: Instead , Congress opted for the inches , feet and yards the colonists had brought with them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead .',', Congress opted for the inches , feet and yards .' ), 'The colonists had brought with them the inches , feet and yards .')

Input: In 1807 , the Swiss mathematician who headed the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey made an iron meter that he had brought from Europe the standard of measure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1807 .','The Swiss mathematician made an iron meter .' ), 'The Swiss mathematician headed the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey .' ), 'He had brought from Europe the standard of measure .')

Input: Today , though the public is barely aware , much of U.S. industry , particularly companies manufacturing or selling overseas , have made metrics routine .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The public is barely aware .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was particularly .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Today was much of U.S. industry companies .','Today have made metrics routine .' ), 'U.S. industry companies were manufacturing or selling overseas .')))

Input: Farm-machine makers such as Caterpillar and Deere work in the metric system .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , like the auto makers , when dealing with Mr. Everyman the Pentagon sticks to the tried and true .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Everyman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like the auto makers .','When dealing with Everyman the Pentagon sticks to the tried and true .')))

Input: Whittle Communications L.P. , which for months has fought a public relations battle with education leaders , said it has signed 500 schools in 24 states to subscribe to the controversial Channel One news program and its sister programs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Whittle Communications L.P. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It has signed 500 schools in 24 states .','This was to subscribe to the controversial Channel One news program and its sister programs .' ), 'Whittle Communications L.P. for months has fought a public relations battle with education leaders .'))

Input: Whittle said its field staff signed up the 500 schools in 238 school districts after only eight weeks and company executives now expect to reach their start-up goal of 1,000 schools before the end of this year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Whittle said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after only eight weeks .','Its field staff signed up the 500 schools in 238 school districts .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is before the end of this year .',', Company executives now expect to reach their start-up goal of 1,000 schools .')))

Input: Mr. Whittle said private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Whittle was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Whittle said .','Private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs .'))

Input: The Educational Network , as Mr. Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Whittle was Mr. .','The Educational Network , as Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts .' ), 'Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts .')

Input: The number of correct responses was 45 % on the test and school absences did n't change much , said Mr. Bruner .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Installation of satellite dishes , TVs and videocassette equipment will cost the company about $ 20,000 per school , Mr. Whittle said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Whittle was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Installation of satellite dishes , TVs and videocassette equipment will cost the company about $ 20,000 per school .','This was what Whittle said .'))

Input: The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Treasury was U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report .','The following Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week : .'))

Input: Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Maryland Community Development Administration , Department of Housing and Community Development -- $ 80 million of single-family program bonds , 1989 4th and 5th Series , via a Merrill Lynch group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: New York City -- $ 786,860,000 of bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 729.04 million tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.82 million taxable bonds , via a Goldman Sachs group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett-Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hewlett-Packard said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is including 100,000 shares .','It now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares .' ), '100,000 shares were bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share .'))

Input: Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hewlett-Packard was a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hewlett-Packard said .','It acquired the stock to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products .'))

Input: Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the number of stocks hitting new lows far outstrips the number setting new highs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('And the number of stocks outstrips the number .','The number is setting new highs .' ), ', Stocks are hitting new lows far .')

Input: Opinions vary about how important the UAL deal was to the market 's health , but analysts generally agree that the market gyrations created as the UAL plan crumbled revealed a fundamental change in investor psychology .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Opinions vary about how important the UAL deal was to the market 's health .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts agree .', SUB/ELABORATION('The market gyrations created .','The UAL plan crumbled revealed a fundamental change in investor psychology .')))

Input: Sure , price action is volatile and that 's scary , but all-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(', Sure , price action is volatile .','That 's scary .' ), 'All-in-all stocks are still a good place to be , they suggest .')

Input: There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past , but deals wo n't disappear .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('There may not be as many .','The buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past .' ), 'Deals wo n't disappear .')

Input: And even without deals , Mr. Connolly figures the market would remain healthy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Connolly is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('And even without deals , Connolly figures .','The market would remain healthy .'))

Input: He notes , for instance , that there has n't been a merger or acquisition among the 30 stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since 1986 , yet that average only three weeks ago hit a record high .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he notes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since 1986 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .','There has n't been a merger or acquisition among the 30 stocks .' ), 'That average only three weeks ago hit a record high .')))

Input: Those stocks are up because their earnings are up and their dividends are up , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('Those stocks are up .','Their earnings are up .' ), 'Their dividends are up .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad , in Mr. Connolly 's view .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Connolly is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in Connolly 's view .','Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad .'))

Input: Who can make the better decision , the guy who has 10 seconds to decide what to do or the guy with all the time in the world ? he says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The better decision is the guy .', SUB/ELABORATION('The guy has 10 seconds .','To decide what to do or the guy with all the time in the world 10 seconds .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Who can make the better decision ? .','This is what he says .')))

Input: We 've run into a market that was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('We 've run into a market .','A market was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: It provided an excuse for people to get back to reality and to look at the economic data , especially the third-quarter economic numbers , and to realize that we ca n't continue to gloss over what is going on in the junk bond market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The economic data were especially the third-quarter economic numbers .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for people .','It provided an excuse .' ), 'This was to get back to reality and to look at the economic data and to realize that we ca n't continue to gloss over what is going on in the junk bond market .'))

Input: But he figures that at current levels the stock market is comfortably valued , even with the economy obviously slowing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But he figures .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was even with the economy .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at current levels .','The stock market is comfortably valued .' ), 'The economy was slowing .')))

Input: Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger and buy-out proposals , earnings and the economic outlook .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Her view is .', CO/LIST(', Stock prices have three major props .',', Stock prices have merger and buy-out proposals .',', Stock prices have earnings .',', Stock prices have the economic outlook .'))

Input: At current levels of economic activity and earnings , stocks are fairly valued , she says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at current levels of economic activity and earnings .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Stocks are fairly valued .','This is what she says .'))

Input: But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation .','The speculation accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business .' ), 'UAL has obviously put a damper on that .')

Input: Stocks are n't cheap anymore , there have been some judicial and legislative changes in the merger area and all of this changes the arithmetic of deals , she says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Stocks are n't cheap anymore .','There have been some judicial and legislative changes in the merger area .','All of this changes the arithmetic of deals .' ), 'This is what she says .')

Input: I 'm not saying they 've stopped altogether , but future deals are going to be structured differently and bids probably wo n't be as high .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i 'm not saying .','They 've stopped altogether .' )CO/LIST('Future deals are going to be structured differently .','Bids probably wo n't be as high .'))

Input: But that 's not the only problem for stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: M&A is getting all the headlines right now , but these other things have been building up more gradually , she says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('M&A is getting all the headlines right now .','These other things have been building up more gradually .' ), 'This is what she says .')

Input: Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with economic data .','Economic data are showing a clear slowing .' ), 'The outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse .'))

Input: There are a lot more downward than upward revisions and it looks like people are questioning corporate profits as a means of support for stock prices , she says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('There are a lot more downward than upward revisions .', SUB/ELABORATION('It looks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a means of support for stock prices .','People are questioning corporate profits .' ), 'This is what she says .')))

Input: Stock prices tumbled for a third consecutive day as earnings disappointments , a sluggish economy and a fragile junk bond market continued to weigh on investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stock prices tumbled for a third consecutive day .', CO/LIST('Earnings disappointments continued to weigh on investors .','A sluggish economy continued to weigh on investors .','A fragile junk bond market continued to weigh on investors .'))

Input: For the week the Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 92.42 points , or 3.4 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the week .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 92.42 points .','The Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 3.4 % .'))

Input: Oil stocks escaped the brunt of Friday 's selling and several were able to post gains , including Chevron , which rose 5\/8 to 66 3\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 2.4 million shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Oil stocks escaped the brunt of Friday 's selling .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Chevron .',', Several were able to post gains .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Big Board composite trading of 2.4 million shares .',', Chevron rose 5\/8 to 663\/8 .')))

Input: Mobil , which said it plans to cut its exploration and production work force by about 8 % in a restructuring , dropped 5\/8 to 56 1\/8 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mobil dropped 5\/8 to 561\/8 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mobil said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by about 8 % in a restructuring .','It plans to cut its exploration and production work force .')))

Input: Echo Bay Mines rose 5\/8 to 15 7\/8 ; Pegasus Gold advanced 1 1\/2 to 12 , and Corona Class A gained 1\/2 to 7 1\/2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Echo Bay Mines rose 5\/8 to 157\/8 .', CO/LIST('Pegasus Gold advanced 11\/2 to 12 .',', Corona Class A gained 1\/2 to 71\/2 .'))

Input: Crane said it holds an 8.9 % stake in the company and may seek control .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Crane said .', CO/LIST('It holds an 8.9 % stake in the company .','It may seek control .'))

Input: For several months , officials at the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board have suspected that a metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack that ultimately caused the tail engine to break apart in flight .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials at the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board have suspected for several months .', SUB/ELABORATION('A metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack .', SUB/PURPOSE('A crack ultimately caused the tail engine .','This was to break apart in flight .')))

Input: The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The explosion sent shards of metal flying .','The explosion was severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The explosion led to the crash .','The crash killed 112 people .'))

Input: But investigators could confirm their theory only after the recent retrieval of a big chunk of Flight 232 's tail engine from a cornfield near the Sioux City Airport in Iowa .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is only after the recent retrieval of a big chunk of Flight 232 's tail engine .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is from a cornfield near the Sioux City Airport .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Iowa .','But investigators could confirm their theory .')))

Input: Anthony Broderick , the FAA 's acting executive director for regulatory standards and compliance , said that recent tests of the failed engine disk indicate that a flaw -- known as hard alpha -- occurred in the titanium during its production almost 20 years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Anthony Broderick was the FAA 's acting executive director for regulatory standards and compliance .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Anthony Broderick said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what recent tests of the failed engine disk indicate .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during its production almost 20 years ago .','A flaw -- known as hard alpha -- occurred in the titanium .'))))

Input: The FAA already has ordered that all 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes and subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the FAA has ordered .', CO/LIST('All 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes .','All 232 disks made by the old process be subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber .'))

Input: A spokesman for GE said that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and will comply fully with the required inspections .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for GE said .','The company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue .' ), 'A spokesman for GE will comply fully with the required inspections .')

Input: Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice in Tibet and say temperatures there have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Tibet .','Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China have analyzed samples of glacial ice .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Researchers at Ohio State University and Lanzhou Institute of Glaciology and Geocryology in China say temperatures .','There have been significantly higher on average over the past half-century than in any similar period in the past 10,000 years temperatures .'))

Input: The ice samples are an important piece of evidence supporting theories that the Earth has warmed considerably in recent times , largely because of pollutants in the air , and will warm far more in the century ahead .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The ice samples are an important piece of evidence .', SUB/ELABORATION('Evidence was supporting theories .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was largely because of pollutants in the air .','The Earth has warmed considerably in recent times .' ), 'The Earth will warm far more in the century ahead .')))

Input: A substantial warming would melt some of the Earth 's polar ice caps , raising the level of the oceans and causing widespread flooding of heavily populated coastal areas .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A substantial warming would melt some of the Earth 's polar ice caps .', CO/LIST('A substantial warming was raising the level of the oceans .','A substantial warming was causing widespread flooding of heavily populated coastal areas .'))

Input: If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the ice-core samples are n't definitive proof that the so-called greenhouse effect will lead to further substantial global heating , Mr. Thompson acknowledged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thompson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('But the ice-core samples are n't definitive proof .','The so-called greenhouse effect will lead to further substantial global heating .' ), 'This was what Thompson acknowledged .'))

Input: Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned and its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people , or about 15 % .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Telxon Corp. said .', CO/LIST('Its vice president for manufacturing resigned .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people .','Its Houston work force has been trimmed by about 15 % .')))

Input: The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern .','A pattern was set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees .' ), 'Overseas spending is most vulnerable .')

Input: The result is that instead of the Pentagon 's proposed split of 60-40 between domestic and foreign bases , the reduced funding is distributed by a ratio of approximately 70-30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The result is .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead of the Pentagon 's proposed split of 60-40 between domestic and foreign bases .','The reduced funding is distributed by a ratio of approximately 70-30 .'))

Input: House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. , Miss . -RRB- helped secure $ 49.7 million for his state , or more than double the Pentagon 's budget .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jamie Whitten was House Appropriations Committee Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was Miss .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for his state .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. -RRB- helped secure $ 49.7 million .','Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. -RRB- helped secure more than double the Pentagon 's budget .'))))

Input: Tennessee and North Carolina , home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees , receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees are Tennessee .','Home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees are North Carolina .' )CO/LIST('Tennessee receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request .','North Carolina receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request .'))

Input: Though spending for Iowa and Oregon was far less , their increases above Pentagon requests -- 640 % and 430 % , respectively -- were much greater because of the influence of Republicans at critical junctures .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Spending for Iowa and Oregon was far less .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at critical junctures .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .','Their increases above Pentagon requests -- 640 % and 430 % -- were much greater because of the influence of Republicans .')))

Input: The swift passage of the bill , which cleared the Senate and House on simple voice votes last week , contrasts with the problems still facing a more cumbersome $ 66.8 billion measure funding housing , environmental , space and veterans programs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The swift passage of the bill contrasts with the problems still facing a more cumbersome $ 66.8 billion measure .','A more cumbersome $ 66.8 billion measure is funding housing , environmental , space and veterans programs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on simple voice votes .','The swift passage of the bill cleared the Senate and House last week .'))

Input: By an 84-6 margin , the Senate approved the bulk of the spending Friday , but the bill was then sent back to the House to resolve the question of how to address budget limits on credit allocations for the Federal Housing Administration .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by an 84-6 margin .','The Senate approved the bulk of the spending Friday .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The bill was then sent back to the House .','This was to resolve the question of how to address budget limits on credit allocations for the Federal Housing Administration .'))

Input: Much of the excess spending will be pushed into fiscal 1991 , and in some cases is temporarily parked in slow-spending accounts in anticipation of being transferred to faster-spending areas after the budget scorekeeping is completed .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Much of the excess spending will be pushed into fiscal 1991 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in anticipation of being transferred to faster-spending areas after the budget scorekeeping is completed .','Much of the excess spending in some cases is temporarily parked in slow-spending accounts .'))

Input: For example , a House-Senate conference ostensibly increased the National Aeronautics and Space Administration budget for construction of facilities to nearly $ 592 million , or more than $ 200 million above what either chamber had previously approved .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to nearly $ 592 million .','This was to more than $ 200 million above what either chamber had previously approved .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','A House-Senate conference ostensibly increased the National Aeronautics and Space Administration budget for construction of facilities .'))

Input: But as much as $ 177 million , or nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers to research , management and flight accounts that are spent out at a faster clip .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to research , management and flight accounts .', CO/DISJUNCTION('But as much as $ 177 million is marked for potential transfers .','But nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers .' ), 'Research , management and flight accounts are spent out at a faster clip .'))

Input: Conservatives , embarrassed by Republican influence-peddling scandals at the Department of Housing and Urban Development , have used the issue in an effort to shift blame onto a Democratic-controlled Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an effort to shift blame onto a Democratic-controlled Congress .',', Conservatives have used the issue .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the Department of Housing and Urban Development .',', Conservatives were embarrassed by Republican influence-peddling scandals .'))

Input: Though I 've been blessed with academic degrees and some success in the materialistic world , I 've never forgotten or lost contact with those memories of the 1930s .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the materialistic world .', CO/LIST('I 've been blessed with academic degrees .','I 've been blessed with some success .' ), 'I 've never forgotten or lost contact with those memories of the 1930s .'))

Input: Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for handsome sums .','Or those can lease their lands and crop allotments .' ), 'Those choose not to farm .')

Input: Farmers in the Midwest and other areas have suffered , but those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of men and women living in economic slavery .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Farmers in the Midwest and other areas have suffered .', SUB/ELABORATION('Those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings .', CO/LIST('Holdings were built with the sweat of men and women .','Holdings was living in economic slavery .')))

Input: Because we refuse to face the tough answers , the questions continue as fodder for the commissions and committees , for the media and politicians .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('We refuse to face the tough answers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the media and politicians .','The questions continue as fodder for the commissions and committees .'))

Input: Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself to solving the problems of racism , teen pregnancy or lack of parental support or guidance .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to .',', Coffee-shop chatter does not lend itself .' )CO/DISJUNCTION(', Coffee-shop chatter is solving the problems of racism of parental support or guidance .',', Coffee-shop chatter is solving the problems of teen pregnancy of parental support or guidance .',', Coffee-shop chatter is solving the problems of lack of parental support or guidance .'))

Input: Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , I wish you would butt in and say , Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company .',', Somebody says , Aw heck , guys .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is like Japan or South Korea .','Nobody can do it .' )SUB/ELABORATION('I wish .', CO/LIST('You would butt in .','You would say .','You would Hold it .','You would fellas , why do n't we compare prices .','You would use our own little Third World country .')))

Input: Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in Sugar Ditch , but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is as in Sugar Ditch .','Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions .' )SUB/ELABORATION('You travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York .','The same problems exist .'))

Input: Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Management advised employees Friday that it was going to reduce employment in production operations of the group by 8 % , or 400 people .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Management advised employees Friday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in production operations of the group .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was by 8 % .','This was by 400 people .' ), 'It was going to reduce employment .')))

Input: Mobil alluded to the work-force cuts last week when it took a $ 40 million charge as part of its third-quarter earnings and attributed it to a restructuring .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mobil alluded to the work-force cuts last week .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of its third-quarter earnings .','It took a $ 40 million charge .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a restructuring .','It attributed it .')))

Input: On Wednesday , Mobil will begin offering separation packages and voluntary retirement in its U.S. production operation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Wednesday .', CO/LIST('Mobil will begin offering separation packages .','Mobil will begin voluntary retirement in its U.S. production operation .'))

Input: During the coming months , layers of management will be peeled away and regional offices will become more autonomous .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the coming months .','Layers of management will be peeled away .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is during the coming months .','Regional offices will become more autonomous .'))

Input: Field offices at New Orleans ; Houston ; Denver ; Midland , Tex. ; Bakersfield , Calif. ; Oklahoma City ; and Liberal , Kan. , will be maintained .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the staffs at some of those locations will be slashed while at others the work force will be increased .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('But the staffs at some of those locations will be slashed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at others .','The work force will be increased .'))

Input: The reorganization will focus on the value and potential of assets , Mr. Spruell said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Spruell was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The reorganization will focus on the value and potential of assets .','This was what Spruell said .'))

Input: Now , the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % , and 8.5 % is about the best around .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','The nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','8.5 % is about the best around .'))

Input: But investors looking for alternatives are n't finding it easy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Short-term municipal bonds , bond funds and tax-deferred annuities are some of the choices they mention -- and not just as a way to get a higher return .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Short-term municipal bonds are some of the choices .','Bond funds are some of the choices .','Tax-deferred annuities are some of the choices .' ), 'They mention -- and not just as a way to get a higher return the choices .')

Input: A mix of CDs and other holdings may make the most sense .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too , for in-state investors .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('That 's .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for in-state investors .','Municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too .'))

Input: Consider a laddered bond portfolio , with issues maturing in , say , 1992 , 1993 and 1994 , advises Malcolm A. Makin , a Westerly , R.I. , financial planner .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That makes them a reasonable option for investors who will accept some risk of price fluctuation in order to make a bet that interest rates will decline over the next year or so .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That makes them a reasonable option for investors .', SUB/PURPOSE('Investors will accept some risk of price fluctuation .','This is to make a bet that interest rates will decline over the next year or so .'))

Input: But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/DISJUNCTION('But they will have disappointing returns .','But they will have even losses .' ), 'Interest rates rise instead .')

Input: But , in the same circumstances , the returns would be a more extreme 14.6 % and 2.6 % for the Vanguard Bond Market Fund , with its 12 1\/2-year average maturity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the same circumstances .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with its 121\/2 - year average maturity .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the Vanguard Bond Market Fund .','But the returns would be a more extreme 14.6 % and 2.6 % .')))

Input: These insurance company contracts feature some of the same tax benefits and restrictions as non-deductible individual retirement accounts : Investment gains are compounded without tax consequences until money is withdrawn , but a 10 % penalty tax is imposed on withdrawals made before age 59 1\/2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These insurance company contracts feature some of the same tax benefits and restrictions as non-deductible individual retirement accounts .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/CONDITION('Investment gains are compounded without tax consequences .','Money is withdrawn .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A 10 % penalty tax is imposed on withdrawals .','Withdrawals were made before age 591\/2 .')))

Input: An interest rate is guaranteed for between one and seven years , after which holders get 30 days to choose another guarantee period or to switch to another insurer 's contract without the surrender charges that are common to annuities .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('An interest rate is guaranteed for between one and seven years .', SUB/PURPOSE('Holders get 30 days .','This is to choose another guarantee period or to switch to another insurer 's contract without the surrender charges that are common to annuities after between one and seven years .'))

Input: For instance , a CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance , Chicago , offers 8.8 % interest for one year or a 9 % rate for two years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Life & Health Insurance is Chicago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for instance .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance offers 8.8 % interest for one year .','A CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance offers a 9 % rate for two years .')))

Input: But at age 55 , they may be a great deal , says Mr. Wilson , the Columbia , S.C. , planner .
Prediction: NONE

Input: With average maturities of a month or so , money funds offer fixed share prices and floating returns that track market interest rates , with a slight lag .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with average maturities of a month or so .', CO/LIST('Money funds offer fixed share prices .','Money funds offer floating returns .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a slight lag .','Floating returns track market interest rates .')))

Input: Dr. Solomon Sobel , director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , said FDA officials have discussed Dr. Toseland 's findings fairly intensively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Solomon Sobel was Dr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Solomon Sobel was director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Solomon Sobel said .','FDA officials have discussed Toseland 's findings fairly intensively .')))

Input: The usual warning signs of hypoglycemia include sweating , anxiety and cramps .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We do know there are slight differences in the way human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar , Dr. Sobel said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sobel was Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('We do know there are slight differences in the way .','Human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar the way .' ), 'This was what Sobel said .'))

Input: The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The human-based drug starts the blood sugar .','The blood sugar is dropping sooner .' ), 'The human-based drug drives it down faster .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: But we do n't believe there is enough of a difference to be clinically significant , Dr. Sobel said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sobel was Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('But we do n't believe .','There is enough of a difference to be clinically significant .' ), 'This was what Sobel said .'))

Input: Dr. Leigh Thompson , a Lilly group vice president , said the company 's clinical trials of both its animal and human-based insulins indicated no difference in the level of hypoglycemia between users of either product .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leigh Thompson was Dr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Leigh Thompson was a Lilly group vice president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Leigh Thompson said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the level of hypoglycemia .','The company 's clinical trials of both its animal and human-based insulins indicated no difference between users of either product .'))))

Input: The company , which makes data base systems and software , said it expects to report a loss for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .','The third quarter was ended Sept. 30 .' ), 'It expects to report a loss .' ), 'The company makes data base systems and software .'))

Input: We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('We 'd do the strategy .', CO/LIST('We 'd come around .','We 'd do the budget .'))

Input: This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('This wo n't happen .',', Strategists come down from their ivory tower .' )CO/LIST('This wo n't learn to work in the real world of limited budgets .','This wo n't learn to work in the real world of uncertain futures .'))

Input: As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy , before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before finally forging the budgets .','The forces needed to execute the strategy .' ), 'The budgets were needed to build and maintain the forces .'))

Input: These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor and produce tons of paper , and each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor .','These procedures produce tons of paper .' ), 'Each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away .')

Input: The Pentagon 's strategists produce budgets that simply can not be executed because they assume a defense strategy depends only on goals and threats .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Pentagon 's strategists produce budgets .', SUB/CAUSE('Budgets simply can not be executed .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they assume .','A defense strategy depends only on goals and threats .')))

Input: Strategy , however , is about possibilities , not hopes and dreams .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Possibilities are not hopes and dreams .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', Strategy is about possibilities .'))

Input: That puts the real strategic decisions in the hands of others : bean counters , budgeteers , and pork-barrelers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bean counters are budgeteers .', CO/LIST('That puts the real strategic decisions in the hands of others .','That puts bean counters .','That puts pork-barrelers .'))

Input: Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- negative money , an above guidance management reserve and optimistic inflation estimates -- which understate the spending the Pentagon has committed itself to by almost $ 100 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- negative money -- .','Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- an above guidance management reserve -- .','Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- optimistic inflation estimates -- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Three accounting devices -- negative money , an above guidance management reserve and optimistic inflation estimates -- understate the spending .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to by almost $ 100 billion the spending .','The Pentagon has committed itself .')))

Input: The Pentagon argues that the negative wedge is the net effect of $ 22 billion in the as-yet unidentified procurement reductions that it intends to find in future years and $ 23 billion in an above guidance management reserve that accounts for undefined programs that will materialize in the future .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Pentagon argues .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The negative wedge is the net effect of $ 22 billion in the as-yet unidentified procurement reductions that it intends to find in future years .','The negative wedge is the net effect of $ 23 billion in an above guidance management reserve .' )SUB/ELABORATION('An above guidance management reserve accounts for undefined programs .','Undefined programs will materialize in the future .')))

Input: By adding the negative wedge and recalculating the remaining program using a more probable inflation estimate , we arrive at a baseline program costing $ 1.7 trillion between 1990 and 1994 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('We is adding the negative wedge .', CO/LIST('We is recalculating the remaining program .','We is using a more probable inflation estimate .' )SUB/ELABORATION('We arrive at a baseline program .','A baseline program is costing $ 1.7 trillion between 1990 and 1994 .')))

Input: Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This scenario has been the rough position of the U.S. Senate since 1985 , and it reduces the baseline by $ 106 billion between 1990 and 1994 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since 1985 .','This scenario has been the rough position of the U.S. Senate .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by $ 106 billion between 1990 and 1994 .','It reduces the baseline .'))

Input: It freezes the budget at its current level , and forces the Pentagon to eat the effects of inflation until 1994 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It freezes the budget at its current level .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is until 1994 .','It forces the Pentagon to eat the effects of inflation .'))

Input: This can be thought of as a pessimistic prediction , perhaps driven by the sequestering effects of the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law or possibly a relaxation of tensions with the Soviet Union .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This can be thought of as a pessimistic prediction .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A pessimistic prediction was perhaps driven by the sequestering effects of the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law .','A pessimistic prediction was perhaps driven by possibly a relaxation of tensions with the Soviet Union .'))

Input: The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario , maximizing strengths and minimizing weaknesses .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario .', CO/LIST('The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff are maximizing strengths .','The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff are minimizing weaknesses .'))

Input: They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','They would conclude their efforts .' )SUB/ELABORATION('They was producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations .','The assumptions were made .'))

Input: If , for example , they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber , they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('They would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups -- .','They would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as army divisions -- .' ), 'They moved toward lower budget levels .'))

Input: But ZBB did not involve the strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Joint Chiefs of Staff .','But ZBB did not involve the strategic planners .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But ZBB therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill .','A bean-counting drill was driven by budget politics .'))

Input: It would be run by the joint chiefs under simple directions : Produce the best possible force for each budget scenario and provide the Secretary of Defense with a comprehensive net assessment of how that force could be used to achieve U.S. goals .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under simple directions .','It would be run by the joint chiefs .' )CO/LIST('It would Produce the best possible force for each budget scenario .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was with a comprehensive net assessment of how that force could be used to achieve U.S. goals .','It would provide the Secretary of Defense .')))

Input: This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming and mistrust permeating the Pentagon and Congress , and unfortunately , there is some truth to it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming and mistrust permeating the Pentagon and Congress .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is unfortunately .','There is some truth to it .'))

Input: While Wall Street 's tough times and lower U.S. interest rates continue to undermine the dollar , weakness in the pound and the yen is expected to offset those factors .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Wall Street 's tough times continue to undermine the dollar .','Lower U.S. interest rates continue to undermine the dollar .' ), 'Weakness in the pound and the yen is expected to offset those factors .')

Input: In late Friday afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen , off from late Thursday 's 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('New York was late Friday afternoon .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was off from late Thursday 's 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in New York trading .', CO/LIST('The dollar was at 1.8300 marks .','The dollar was at 141.65 yen .'))))

Input: Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's weak state after Mr. Lawson 's resignation and the yen 's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after Mr. .','Lawson was weak state .' )SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's Lawson 's resignation .','Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the yen 's inability .' ), 'This was to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats .'))

Input: With the pound and the yen lagging behind other major currencies , you do n't have a confirmation that a sharp dollar downturn is in the works , says Mike Malpede , senior currency analyst at Refco Inc. in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday and hit the week 's low of $ 1.5765 when Mr. Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble with other cabinet members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sterling hit the week 's low of $ 1.5765 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with other cabinet members .','Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble .'))))

Input: But such an increase , he says , could be viewed by the market as too little too late .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The yen 's softness , she says , apparently stems from Japanese investors ' interest in buying dollars against the yen to purchase U.S. bond issues and persistent worries about this year 's upheaval in the Japanese government .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in .','The yen 's softness , she says , apparently stems from Japanese investors ' interest .' ), 'The yen 's softness , she says , apparently is buying dollars against the yen .' ), 'This is to purchase U.S. bond issues and persistent worries about this year 's upheaval in the Japanese government .')

Input: We are deeply disturbed that a recent editorial stated that the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 was crafted primarily by Democratic Senators Kennedy and Harkin with a premise based on the presumption that most Americans are hostile to the disabled ... .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kennedy was Democratic Senators .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('We are deeply disturbed that a recent editorial stated that the Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 was crafted primarily by Kennedy and Harkin with a premise ... .','A premise was based on the presumption .' ), 'Most Americans are hostile to the disabled .'))

Input: Perhaps even more offensive is the statement , It is surprising that George Bush and the White House inner circle would ally themselves with this crabby philosophy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Perhaps even more offensive is the statement , It is surprising .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with this crabby philosophy .', CO/LIST('George Bush would ally themselves .','The White House inner circle would ally themselves .')))

Input: The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The opposite is true .', CO/LIST('It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials .','It 's the product of many meetings with Senate staffers .','It 's the product of many meetings with advocates .','It 's the product of many meetings with business and transportation officials .'))

Input: For the 43 million people with disabilities and their families , this legislation is the Emancipation Proclamation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for the 43 million people with disabilities .','This is for the 43 million people with their families .' ), 'This legislation is the Emancipation Proclamation .')

Input: Rally 's operates and franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants throughout the U.S. .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Rally 's operates .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is throughout the U.S. .','Rally 's franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants .'))

Input: The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , and three Rally 's directors : Mr. Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sugarman is Mr. .', CO/LIST('The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , and three Rally 's directors .','The investor group includes Sugarman .','The investor group includes James M. Trotter III .','The investor group includes William E. Trotter II .'))

Input: For the year ended July 2 , Rally had net income of $ 2.4 million , or 34 cents a share , on revenue of $ 52.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 52.9 million .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the year .','The year was ended July 2 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Rally had net income of $ 2.4 million .','Rally had net income of 34 cents a share .')))

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Jack Davis , Dataproducts ' chairman , said he had n't yet seen the filing and could n't comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Davis was Dataproducts ' chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jack Davis said .', CO/LIST('He had n't yet seen the filing .','He could n't comment .')))

Input: DPC made a $ 15-a-share bid for the company in May , but Dataproducts management considered the $ 283.7 million proposal unacceptable .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the company in May .','DPC made a $ 15-a-share bid .' ), 'Dataproducts management considered the $ 283.7 million proposal unacceptable .')

Input: Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months , but it is now in the midst of a restructuring plan and management says the company is no longer for sale .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Dataproducts had sought a buyer for several months .', CO/LIST('It is now in the midst of a restructuring plan .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Management says .','The company is no longer for sale .')))

Input: The contract was first proposed more than two years ago , but shortly afterward , the colony 's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The contract was first proposed more than two years ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was shortly afterward .','The colony 's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash .'))

Input: The Securities and Futures Commission , a government watchdog set up after the 1987 crash to try to restore confidence and order to Hong Kong 's markets , had been expected to give the contract conditional approval last week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Securities and Futures Commission were a government watchdog .', SUB/PURPOSE('A government watchdog was set up after the 1987 crash .','This was to try to restore confidence and order to Hong Kong 's markets .' ), 'The Securities and Futures Commission had been expected to give the contract conditional approval last week .'))

Input: Analysts and financial officials in the British colony consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the October 1987 crash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Analysts consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange .','Financial officials in the British colony consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange .' ), 'The revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange has never fully recovered from the October 1987 crash .')

Input: The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank offered rate , or Hibor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The three-month Hong Kong interbank was offered rate .','The three-month Hong Kong interbank was offered Hibor .'))

Input: -LCB- A futures contract is an agreement to buy or sell a commodity or financial instrument at a set price on a specified date .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the case of stock-index and interest-rate futures , the instruments are given an underlying cash value and are settled in cash . -RCB-
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the case of stock-index and interest-rate futures .','The instruments are given an underlying cash value . -RCB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the case of stock-index and interest-rate futures .','The instruments are settled in cash . -RCB- .'))

Input: While Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices , futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy and went smoothly .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty .','The uncertainty was caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices .' )CO/LIST('Futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy .','Futures trading in Hong Kong went smoothly .'))

Input: If those two banks are there , then the balance of the banking institutions will be there , says Mr. Gilmore , the Securities and Futures Commission official .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency .','The currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar .' )CO/LIST('The U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step .','The U.S. and Hong Kong economies are making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go .'))

Input: In early 1988 , when the three-month Eurodollar rate was between 7 % and 8 % , the three-month Hibor rate was as low as 1 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The three-month Eurodollar rate was between 7 % and 8 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in early 1988 .','The three-month Hibor rate was as low as 1 % .'))

Input: The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed , and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed .', SUB/ELABORATION('All claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those -- have been settled .', SUB/ELABORATION('Those bet .','The Hang Seng index would fall .')))

Input: And Mr. Gilmore cautions that there may be limits on how much the contract can grow because the Hong Kong dollar is n't a widely traded currency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gilmore was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('And Gilmore cautions .','There may be limits on how much the contract can grow because the Hong Kong dollar is n't a widely traded currency .'))

Input: Exchange officials also point out that Hibor futures were designed for institutions and corporations , not for the type of small individual investors who were very active in Hang Seng index futures and defaulted in the 1987 crash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Exchange officials also point out .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Hibor futures were designed for institutions and corporations , not for the type of small individual investors .',', Small individual investors were very active in Hang Seng index futures .' ), 'Hibor futures were defaulted in the 1987 crash .'))

Input: You 're not going to get your taxi drivers and amahs and all that , says Rory Nicholas , a director for securities company Elders Bullion & Futures Ltd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: General paper product sales , including newsprints and other papers , accounting for the bulk of sales , rose to 157.78 billion yen from 143.88 billion yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 143.88 billion yen .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including newsprints .','This was including other papers .' ), 'General paper product sales accounting for the bulk of sales , rose to 157.78 billion yen .'))

Input: Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company 's strategic review of its properties , and shows that few of them are sacred cows .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week is another step in the company 's strategic review of its properties .', SUB/ELABORATION('Unocal Corp. 's decision to put its Norwegian oil and gas interests up for sale earlier this week shows .','Few of them are sacred cows .'))

Input: But Eugene L. Nowak , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , forecast that the sale will bring in $ 200 million or substantially more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eugene L. Nowak was an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Eugene L. Nowak forecast .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The sale will bring in $ 200 million .','The sale will bring in substantially more .')))

Input: The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company that has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property and the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery and related marketing operations to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The proposed transaction is the latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company has included the $ 200 million sale of its headquarters property .','The latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company has included the pending sale of half of its Chicago refinery .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Petroleos de Venezuela S.A .','The latest in a redeployment of assets by the Los Angeles-based oil company has related marketing operations .')))

Input: Unocal said it expects to complete the sale of its Unocal Norge A\/S unit by next March or April .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Unocal said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by next March or April .','It expects to complete the sale of its Unocal Norge A\/S unit .'))

Input: In addition to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field , the Norwegian unit has interests ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field .','This is in addition .' ), 'The Norwegian unit has interests .' ), 'Interests are ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses .')

Input: The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The field is currently being developed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the end of the year .','The field is slated to start production .'))

Input: Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .'))

Input: The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. , due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. .','The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds .'))

Input: The bonds are rated single-A by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the lead underwriter .','The bonds are rated single-A by Moody 's .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to the lead underwriter .','The bonds are single-A-plus by S&P .'))

Input: The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1993 to 7.10 % in 2008 and 2009 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.10 % in 2008 and 2009 .','The bonds were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1993 .' ), 'The bonds were rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second deeds of trust or second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates were Series 1989 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second deeds of trust .','This was in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties .' ), 'The issue will represent interest .' ), 'The issue was formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates .'))

Input: First National Bank of Chicago will act as trustee , and the transaction will be supported by an 8 % letter of credit issued by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. , Chicago branch .
Prediction: CO/LIST('First National Bank of Chicago will act as trustee .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. was Chicago branch .', SUB/ELABORATION('The transaction will be supported by an 8 % letter of credit .',', Credit was issued by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. .')))

Input: Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .'))

Input: As of Sept. 30 , the bank had assets of $ 511 million and deposits of $ 469 million , Security Pacific said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of Sept. 30 .', CO/LIST('The bank had assets of $ 511 million .','The bank had deposits of $ 469 million .' ), ', Security Pacific said .'))

Input: South Africa 's current account surplus swelled to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of between five billion and six billion rand -LRB- $ 1.9 billion and $ 2.28 billion -RRB- in the third quarter , Reserve Bank Governor Chris Stals said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chris Stals was Reserve Bank Governor .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', South Africa 's current account surplus swelled to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of between five billion and six billion rand -LRB- $ 1.9 billion and $ 2.28 billion -RRB- in the third quarter .','This was what Chris Stals said .'))

Input: I have just returned from France , and the net exchange rate charged on my Visa account was more favorable than I obtained for traveler 's checks in any of the several banks where I converted them .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I have just returned from France .', SUB/ELABORATION('The net exchange rate charged on my Visa account was more favorable than I obtained for traveler 's checks in any of the several banks .','I converted them .'))

Input: The state-controlled French metals group Pechiney S.A. said it has signed a preliminary accord to sell its Paris headquarters to Groupement Foncier Francais and Nouveaux Constructeurs for 2.76 billion francs -LRB- $ 443 million -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pechiney S.A. was The state-controlled French metals group .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Pechiney S.A. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It has signed a preliminary accord .','This was to sell its Paris headquarters to Groupement Foncier Francais and Nouveaux Constructeurs for 2.76 billion francs -LRB- $ 443 million -RRB- .')))

Input: The sale , which Pechiney had been eager to make for several months , is still subject to certain unspecified conditions and is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 , the group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('1990 was the group .', CO/LIST('The sale is still subject to certain unspecified conditions .','The sale is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 .' ), 'Pechiney had been eager to make for several months The sale .'))

Input: Index B , which monitors price changes for the 30 % of urban households that spend between HK$ 6,500 and HK$ 9,999 a month , rose 9.9 % last month from a year earlier and was up 1.3 % from the preceding month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Index B rose 9.9 % last month from a year earlier .','Index B was up 1.3 % from the preceding month .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the 30 % of urban households .','Index B monitors price changes .' ), 'Price changes for the 30 % of urban households spend between HK$ 6,500 and HK$ 9,999 a month .'))

Input: September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index , which measures price changes for the 10 % of urban households spending HK$ 10,000 and HK$ 24,999 a month , was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for the 10 % of urban households .', CO/LIST('This is spending HK$ 10,000 .','This is spending HK$ 24,999 a month .' ), ', September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index measures price changes .')))

Input: The main factors for the September increase from the previous month were higher prices for services , food and housing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement -LRB- BIP -RRB- , Dresdner Bank said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Banque Internationale de Placement -LRB- BIP -RRB- .', CO/LIST('West German have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake .','French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake .' ), 'This was what Dresdner Bank said .'))

Input: In a first step , Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP for 1,015 French francs -LRB- $ 162 -RRB- a share , or 528 million francs -LRB- $ 84.7 million -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is for 1,015 French francs -LRB- $ 162 -RRB- a share .','This is for 528 million francs -LRB- $ 84.7 million -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a first step .','Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP .'))

Input: The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs and declining profitability in overseas construction , Furukawa said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs .','The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter declining profitability in overseas construction .' ), 'This was what Furukawa said .')

Input: West Germany 's cost-of-living index rose a preliminary 0.3 % in October from September and was up 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Federal Statistics Office in Wiesbaden said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in October .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from September .','West Germany 's cost-of-living index rose a preliminary 0.3 % .' ), 'West Germany 's cost-of-living index was up 3.3 % from a year earlier .' ), 'This was what the Federal Statistics Office in Wiesbaden said .'))

Input: Preliminary cost-of-living data for the current month are calculated based on inflation data from the four largest West German states -- Baden-Wuerttemberg , North Rhine-Westphalia , Bavaria and Hesse .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The project costs $ 46.8 million , and is intended to boost the company 's production capacity by 25 % to 34,500 metric tons of copper cathode a year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The project costs $ 46.8 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 25 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 34,500 metric tons of copper cathode a year .','The project is intended to boost the company 's production capacity .')))

Input: September sales at major Japanese retail stores rose 9.4 % from a year earlier to 1.388 trillion yen -LRB- $ 9.81 billion -RRB- , marking the fifth-consecutive monthly increase , the Ministry of International Trade and Industry announced .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1.388 trillion yen -LRB- $ 9.81 billion -RRB- .',', September sales at major Japanese retail stores rose 9.4 % .' ), ', September sales at major Japanese retail stores were marking the fifth-consecutive monthly increase .' ), 'This was what the Ministry of International Trade and Industry announced .'))

Input: September 's growth followed a 8.7 % rise in July and an 8 % increase in August , showing continued expansion at high year-on-year levels .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', September 's growth followed a 8.7 % rise in July .',', September 's growth followed an 8 % increase in August .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at high year-on-year levels .',', September 's growth was showing continued expansion .'))

Input: Shell Canada Ltd. said it plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant at Brockville , Ontario , with start-up scheduled for 1992 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shell Canada Ltd. said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at Brockville , Ontario .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with start-up .',', Start-up was scheduled for 1992 .' ), 'It plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant .')))

Input: A spokesman said the plant , which will replace older lubricant and grease manufacturing plants in Montreal and Toronto , will cost about 50 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 42.5 million -RRB- to build .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman said .', SUB/PURPOSE('The plant will cost about 50 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 42.5 million -RRB- .','This is to build .' ), 'The plant will replace older lubricant and grease manufacturing plants in Montreal and Toronto .'))

Input: Shell Canada , an oil and gas producer and marketer , is a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , an Anglo-Dutch concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Shell Canada is an oil and gas producer .',', Shell Canada is marketer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Royal Dutch\/Shell Group is an Anglo-Dutch concern .',', Shell Canada is a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group .'))

Input: That 's the troubling conclusion reached by many international investors and money managers angry at the malfunctions on Continental stock exchanges during last week 's global market turbulence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That 's the troubling conclusion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during last week 's global market turbulence .', CO/LIST('The troubling conclusion was reached by many international investors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Continental stock exchanges .','Money managers angry at the malfunctions .'))))

Input: I 'm not saying London covered itself in glory , but the events of the past week have certainly exposed Europe 's weaknesses , says Stewart Gilchrist , a director of Scottish Amicable Investment Managers in Glasgow , Scotland , which manages about # 6 billion -LRB- $ 9.63 billion -RRB- in institutional money .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Unable to unload a large block of a French blue-chip company 's shares in Paris for two days last week , a frustrated Scottish Amicable fund manager finally tossed down her phone in disgust and called James Capel & Co. , a London brokerage firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Capel & Co. was a London brokerage firm .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in disgust .','Unable to unload a large block of a French blue-chip company 's shares in Paris for two days last week , a frustrated Scottish Amicable fund manager finally tossed down her phone .' ), 'Unable to unload a large block of a French blue-chip company 's shares in Paris for two days last week , a frustrated Scottish Amicable fund manager called James Capel & Co. .'))

Input: On so-called Manic Monday , Oct. 16 , stock prices plunged across Europe and trading problems erupted .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on so-called Manic Monday .','Oct. 16 , stock prices plunged across Europe .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on so-called Manic .','Monday , trading problems erupted .'))

Input: The London exchange 's electronic price-reporting system provided only indicative , or non-firm , prices for about 40 minutes on Manic Monday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for about 40 minutes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Manic .','The London exchange 's electronic price-reporting system provided only indicative , or non-firm , prices Monday .'))

Input: But London 's problems were nothing compared with the Continent 's .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Exchange officials extended trading hours , 75 minutes on Monday and 65 minutes on Tuesday , to clear up order backlogs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Trading hours were 75 minutes on Monday .','Trading hours were 65 minutes on Tuesday .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Exchange officials extended trading hours .','This was to clear up order backlogs .'))

Input: In France , more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day , traders say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in France .','More than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open .' ), 'Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day .' ), 'This is what traders say .')

Input: On Manic Monday , the volume of German shares traded in London more than tripled to 2.2 million , and the volume of French shares rose 48 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Manic Monday .','The volume of German shares rose 48 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('German shares were traded in London .', CO/LIST('London was tripled to 2.2 million .','London was tripled to the volume of French shares .')))

Input: Though the widely traded shares that are quoted in London account for only a small portion of those totals , they still are the most closely watched stocks and are often viewed as a barometer for the local markets generally .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The widely traded shares account for only a small portion of those totals .','The widely traded shares are quoted in London .' ), 'They still are the most closely watched stocks .' ), 'Are often viewed as a barometer for the local markets generally .')

Input: The switch to London underscores the fact that despite the economic restructuring associated with European Community efforts to develop a single market by 1992 , European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The switch to London underscores the fact .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite the economic restructuring .', SUB/PURPOSE('The economic restructuring was associated with European Community efforts .','This was to develop a single market by 1992 .' ), 'European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity .')))

Input: Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage and trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. and Japan 's Nomura Securities Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is rather .', CO/LIST('There increasingly is a group of international brokerage and trading firms -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. and Japan 's Nomura Securities Co .','There increasingly is a group of international brokerage and trading firms -- including European giants such as Deutsche Bank , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. and Japan 's Nomura Securities Co .' ), 'International brokerage and trading firms operate in most European financial centers .'))

Input: Already the Germans appear to be acting ; at a special meeting on the day of the decline , directors of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange voted to extend their trading hours , although they have n't decided when or by how much .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Already the Germans appear to be acting .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a special meeting on the day of the decline .','Directors of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange voted to extend their trading hours .' ), 'They have n't decided when or by how much .'))

Input: But for others , the pledges echo the promises made after the 1987 stock crash , when similar problems led many markets to develop the new systems that performed so badly last week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But for others , the pledges echo .','The promises made after the 1987 stock crash .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Similar problems led many markets .','This was to develop the new systems that performed so badly last week .'))

Input: Calgene Inc. and Gustafson Inc. said they plan a joint project to develop biological products to control such plant diseases as aflatoxin , a potent cancer-causing agent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Aflatoxin was a potent cancer-causing agent .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Calgene Inc. and Gustafson Inc. said .','They plan a joint project to develop biological products to control such plant diseases as aflatoxin .'))

Input: The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. and licensed to Gustafson , a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Morinaga & Co. was a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co .','The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Gustafson was a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co .','The strain was licensed to Gustafson .'))

Input: The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Unice -- an acronym for the Union of Industrial and Employers ' Confederations of Europe -- fears that the charter will force EC countries to adopt a single pattern in labor relations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Unice -- an acronym for the Union of Industrial and Employers ' Confederations of Europe -- fears .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in labor relations .','The charter will force EC countries to adopt a single pattern .'))

Input: Workers and management , Mr. Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the flexibility and diversity that has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tyszkiewicz was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Workers , Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the flexibility and diversity .','Management , Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the flexibility and diversity .' ), 'The flexibility and diversity has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions .'))

Input: But the cosmetic changes are n't expected to win over Britain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Tyszkiewicz said the charter would put poorer EC countries such as Spain , Greece and Portugal at a disadvantage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tyszkiewicz was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tyszkiewicz said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a disadvantage .','The charter would put poorer EC countries such as Spain , Greece and Portugal .')))

Input: Indeed , lower wages -- in Greece , they are a third of the EC average -- are n't enough to offset higher transport costs and lower productivity in the southern countries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is indeed .', CO/LIST('Lower wages -- in Greece , they are a third of the EC average -- are n't enough to offset higher transport costs in the southern countries .','Lower wages -- in Greece , they are a third of the EC average -- are n't enough to offset lower productivity in the southern countries .'))

Input: One possible political solution , an EC official said , would be for the commission to present the action program in late November , before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments on Dec. 8 and 9 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Dec. 8 and 9 .','This is before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments .' ), 'One possible political solution , an EC official said , would be for the commission to present the action program in late November .')

Input: France 's Socialist government , which currently holds the council 's rotating presidency , is committed to having the charter adopted by all 12 EC states before the end of 1989 -- the bicentennial of the French revolution and its Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('France 's Socialist government is committed to having the charter adopted by all 12 EC states before the end of 1989 -- the bicentennial of the French revolution .','France 's Socialist government is committed to having the charter adopted by all 12 EC states before its Universal Declaration of Human Rights .' ), 'France 's Socialist government currently holds the council 's rotating presidency .')

Input: They pile out of their truck and furiously begin twisting together steel pipes linking a giant storage tank to the Sharpshooter , a freshly drilled oil well two miles deep .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Sharpshooter was a freshly drilled oil well two miles deep .', CO/LIST('They pile out of their truck .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to the Sharpshooter .','They furiously begin twisting together steel pipes linking a giant storage tank .')))

Input: We 've been putting in long hours , Mr. Ramirez says -- six-day weeks and 13-hour days for the last two months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ramirez is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We 've been putting in long hours .','This is what Ramirez says -- six-day weeks and 13-hour days for the last two months .'))

Input: A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , he recalls .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is a year ago .', CO/LIST('You 'd spend two days working .','You 'd spend two days in the yard .' ), 'This is what he recalls .')))

Input: After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is after a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices .','This is after a three-year nightmare of draconian budget cuts .','This is after a three-year nightmare of sweeping layoffs .' ), 'Fear is finally leaving the oil patch .')

Input: That is n't the $ 40 that delighted producers a decade ago or the $ 10 that pleased users a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('That is n't the $ 40 or the $ 10 .','The $ 10 pleased users a year ago .' ), '$ 40 delighted producers a decade ago .')

Input: But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is low enough to promote consumption .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is most important .','But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies and steady enough for both producers and users to believe in .'))

Input: The current equilibrium is fragile and depends on steady , strong demand and continued relative harmony within OPEC , producer of more than 40 % of the non-Communist world 's crude .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('OPEC was producer of more than 40 % of the non-Communist world 's crude .', CO/LIST('The current equilibrium is fragile .','The current equilibrium depends on steady , strong demand and continued relative harmony within OPEC .'))

Input: Also , the new stirrings are faint , and some question their extent .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is also .','The new stirrings are faint .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is also .',', Some question their extent .'))

Input: Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago , there 's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate , the trade deficit and oil users ' corporate and personal budgets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with the nation 's inflation rate .','This was with the trade deficit .','This was with oil users ' corporate and personal budgets .' ), 'The same roller-coaster prices also played havoc .' )CO/LIST('The same roller-coaster prices halted U.S. oil exploration .','The same roller-coaster prices drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business .'))

Input: It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day , or up to 2 % annually , for years to come .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This was for years .','This was to come .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day annually .','It is projected to keep growing by up to 2 % annually .'))

Input: The resulting firm prices and stability will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently , says Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if they walk out without any effort to resolve their problem , production could increase to 23 million or 24 million barrels a day , making for a very troublesome first quarter , warns Nordine Ait-Laoussine , a consultant and former Algerian OPEC delegate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Patrick J . Early , president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit , says that despite recent stability , he plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Patrick J . Early was president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Patrick J . Early says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite recent stability .','He plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending .')))

Input: Just this week Mobil Corp. disclosed new cutbacks in its domestic exploration and production operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mobil Corp. was this week .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its domestic exploration and production operations .','Just Mobil Corp. disclosed new cutbacks .'))

Input: It is more aggressive than most , but it is n't the only company with a new attitude , as it found when it went looking for a partner for the Sharpshooter .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It is more aggressive than most .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is n't the only company with a new attitude .', SUB/ELABORATION('It found .','It went looking for a partner for the Sharpshooter .')))

Input: Kadane Oil Co. , a small Texas independent , is currently drilling two wells itself and putting money into three others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kadane Oil Co. is a small Texas independent .', CO/LIST('Kadane Oil Co. is currently drilling two wells itself .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into three others .','Kadane Oil Co. is currently putting money .')))

Input: At this price , $ 18 plus or minus , and with costs being significantly less than they were several years ago , the economics are pretty good , says George Kadane , head of the company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Most oil companies , when they set exploration and production budgets for this year , forecast revenue of $ 15 for each barrel of crude produced .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for this year .','They set exploration and production budgets .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each barrel of crude .','Most oil companies were forecast revenue of $ 15 .' ), 'Most oil companies produced .'))

Input: Contractors such as Parker Drilling Co. are raising cash again through stock offerings , and for the first time in years , two oil-service companies recently went public .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Contractors such as Parker Drilling Co. are raising cash again through stock offerings .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first time in years .','Two oil-service companies recently went public .'))

Input: Most oil companies are still reluctant to add to the office and professional staffs they slashed so deeply .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Out in the oil fields , if activity picks up much more , shortages could appear because so many roughnecks , roustabouts and others left after the crash .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Activity picks up much more .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is out in the oil fields .',', Shortages could appear .' ), 'Many roughnecks , roustabouts and others left after the crash .'))

Input: Last year , I was off a straight month , then one time for two to three weeks and another two to three weeks , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was then one time for two to three weeks and another two to three weeks .','Last year , I was off a straight month .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: But it wo n't be a boom again .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 14,505 wells , including 4,900 dry holes , were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. in the first nine months of the year , down 22.4 % from the like 1988 period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 22.4 % from the like 1988 period .','This was in the first nine months of the year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was including 4,900 dry holes .','Only 14,505 wells were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. .'))

Input: The rig was built around 1980 , but has drilled only two wells , the last in 1982 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For Zel Herring , owner and a cook at the Sandhills Luncheon Cafe , a tin building in midtown , all this has made for a very good year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Sandhills Luncheon Cafe was a tin building in midtown .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the Sandhills Luncheon Cafe .', CO/LIST('This was for Zel Herring .','This was for owner .','This was for a cook .' ), 'All this has made for a very good year .')))

Input: After 11:30 a.m. or so we have them standing and waiting , she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers and the daily special -LRB- grilled roast beef , cheese and jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , potato salad , baked beans and pudding , plus coffee or iced tea .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('We have them standing and waiting .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what she says .','As she whips out orders for hamburgers and the daily special -LRB- grilled roast beef , cheese and jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , potato salad , baked beans and pudding , plus coffee or iced tea .'))

Input: The arrests capped a four-month investigation by the Internal Revenue Service , the U.S. Attorney 's office and a Security Pacific internal investigation team .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Internal Revenue Service was the U.S. Attorney 's office .','The Internal Revenue Service was a Security Pacific internal investigation team .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the Internal Revenue Service .','The arrests capped a four-month investigation .'))

Input: Walter S. Fisher , executive vice president and general auditor of the bank 's parent , Security Pacific Corp. , said no bank funds were at risk during the investigation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Security Pacific Corp. was the bank 's parent .','Walter S. Fisher was executive vice president and general auditor of the bank 's parent .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Walter S. Fisher said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the investigation .','No bank funds were at risk .')))

Input: Geno M. Apicella , 27 , of Los Angeles , and Terrell N. Madison , 27 , of Hawthorne , were also charged with participating in the conspiracy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Geno M. Apicella was 27 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Terrell N. Madison was 27 .', CO/LIST('Geno M. Apicella of Los Angeles were also charged with participating in the conspiracy .','Terrell N. Madison of Hawthorne , were also charged with participating in the conspiracy .')))

Input: Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said it will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp. that is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars -LRB- US$ 1.93 billion -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bell Resources Ltd. were a unit of Bond Corp. .','Bond Corp. is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars -LRB- US$ 1.93 billion -RRB- .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. .','It will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option .')))

Input: Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources concern controlled by financier Alan Bond , is selling many of its assets to reduce an A$ 6.9 billion debt .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Bond is financier .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bond Corp. is a brewing , property , media and resources concern .','A brewing , property , media and resources concern were controlled by Alan Bond .' ), 'Bond Corp. is selling many of its assets to reduce an A$ 6.9 billion debt .'))

Input: Contrary to what might be expected based on the headline on John R. Dorfman 's recent Money Matters article -LRB- Pros Hit Theorists Right Where It Hurts Oct. 3 -RRB- , I was able to stand proudly before my undergraduate finance students and proclaim that the findings of your yearlong experiment on stock picking is completely consistent with what they have been taught in the classroom .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Peter W. Likins , president of Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Pa. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bethlehem was Pa. .','Lehigh University was Bethlehem .' ), 'Peter W. Likins was president of Lehigh University .' ), 'Peter W. Likins was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems .')

Input: In recent months , more than 25 agencies have been robbed , compared with only a handful all last year , according to police and travel-agency groups .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent months .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with only a handful all last year .','More than 25 agencies have been robbed according to police and travel-agency groups .'))

Input: Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Most of the cases have been in California .', CO/LIST('One agent was stabbed .','Another was shot and killed .'))

Input: Police say the robberies are usually pulled off by two to five men , who walk into the agencies near closing or lunch time , when few employees are there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Police say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to five men .','The robberies are usually pulled off by two .' )SUB/SPATIAL('Two to five men walk into the agencies near closing or lunch time .','Few employees are there .')))

Input: But then , he says , they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to his temple .','But then , he says , they put two loaded pistols .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they demanded .','He open the safe .'))

Input: When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him in the back and made off with $ 2,000 and 280 blank tickets .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the back .','When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him .' )CO/LIST('When he initially refused , he says , they made off with $ 2,000 .','When he initially refused , he says , they made off with 280 blank tickets .'))

Input: At El Monte Travel Center in El Monte , Calif. , customers now can get in only through a buzzer and lock system .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('El Monte is Calif. .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is at El Monte Travel Center in El Monte .',', Customers now can get in only through a buzzer .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is at El Monte Travel Center in El Monte .',', Customers now can lock system .')))

Input: But we 're just too nervous .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But airlines say it would be too expensive and cause too many delays if they started using computerized scanners to check tickets at the gate .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what airlines say .', CO/LIST('It would be too expensive .', SUB/CONDITION('It would cause too many delays .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the gate .','They started using computerized scanners to check tickets .'))))

Input: But Hertz points out that at least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day in Texas , while some competitors are charging $ 6.99 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But Hertz points out .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Texas .','At least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day .' ), ', Some competitors are charging $ 6.99 .'))

Input: IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary .', SUB/CAUSE('It may be .','He or she has been working 20 straight hours .'))

Input: A recent study for the Federal Aviation Administration found that major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work 16 hours or more straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A recent study for the Federal Aviation Administration found .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work 16 hours straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours .','Major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work more straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours .'))

Input: The agency may not have much choice : A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 14 hours on U.S. flights and 16 hours on international trips .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The agency may not have much choice .', CO/LIST('A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 14 hours on U.S. flights .','A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 16 hours on international trips .'))

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: Simulated golf games , in which players hit golf balls into nets , have been installed at airports in Denver and Pittsburgh ... .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(', Simulated golf games have been installed at airports in Denver and Pittsburgh ... .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into nets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Simulated golf games .','Players hit golf balls .')))

Input: Mark Q. Huggins was named executive vice president and chief financial officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Huggins , 39 years old , formerly was controller and chief accounting officer at Harte-Hanks Communications Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Huggins was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 39 years old .','Huggins formerly was controller and chief accounting officer at Harte-Hanks Communications Inc .'))

Input: Management Co. manages entertainers and produces , markets and finances entertainment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Management Co. manages entertainers .', CO/LIST('Management Co. produces .','Management Co. markets .','Management Co. finances entertainment .'))

Input: I hope that you begin talking about the plan 's permanent and , in my view , most beneficial feature -- indexation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i hope .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in my view .','You begin talking about the plan 's permanent and most beneficial feature -- indexation .'))

Input: The reduction eases the burden on portfolio changes and frees capital to seek more productive or more appropriate uses .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The reduction eases the burden on portfolio changes .', SUB/PURPOSE('The reduction frees capital .','This is to seek more productive or more appropriate uses .'))

Input: To argue that this is not likely to affect the economy in positive ways is contrary both to recent experience with capital-gains tax cuts and to common sense .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Real , aftertax returns from financial assets are on the order of 1 % or 2 % a year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy , the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates , weak capital formation and high capital costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The U.S. economy was the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates .','The U.S. economy was the closely connected phenomena of weak capital formation .','The U.S. economy was the closely connected phenomena of high capital costs .' ), 'The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy .')

Input: Isaac Hersly , 41 years old , was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics , video , cable and other television-related equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 41 years old .', CO/LIST('Isaac Hersly was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics .','Isaac Hersly was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of video .','Isaac Hersly was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of cable .','Isaac Hersly was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of other television-related equipment .'))

Input: He succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert , 66 , who continues as chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Alfred O.P. Leubert is 66 .','He succeeds Alfred O.P. Leubert .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Alfred O.P. Leubert is 66 .','Alfred O.P. Leubert continues as chairman and chief executive officer .'))

Input: Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron and president of the telesystems and video products division .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hersly was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron .','Hersly formerly was group vice president of president of the telesystems and video products division .'))

Input: But the chief rule-making body for accountants backed off one part of its original proposal made earlier this year that would have required a breakdown of certain balance-sheet items related to off-balance sheet instruments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But the chief rule-making body for accountants made earlier this year that would have required a breakdown of certain balance-sheet items .',', Certain balance-sheet items were related to off-balance sheet instruments .' ), 'Accountants were backed off one part of its original proposal .')

Input: The balance-sheet detail was opposed by many banks and thrifts that felt the cost of supplying such data was n't worth the value of the disclosures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The balance-sheet detail was opposed by many banks and thrifts .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what many banks and thrifts felt .','The cost of supplying such data was n't worth the value of the disclosures .'))

Input: The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as interest rate swaps , financial guarantees , foward interest rate contracts , loan contracts , loan commitments and options written on securites held .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as interest rate swaps written on securites .','The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as financial guarantees written on securites .','The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as foward interest rate contracts written on securites .','The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as loan contracts written on securites .','The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as loan commitments written on securites .','The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as options written on securites .' ), ', Securites were held .')

Input: The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as well the goodwill .', CO/LIST('It is trying to sell .','It is trying to its North Carolina branches .' ), 'The goodwill is associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks .')))

Input: In the year-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million .','Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of 77 cents a share .'))

Input: The bank also said its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline set in that agreement and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the bank said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its effort would continue past the Nov. 1 deadline and that the litigation between the two sides might resume as a result .','The Nov. 1 deadline was set in that agreement .'))

Input: The thrift and the holders had suspended their lawsuits as part of the agreement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of the agreement .', CO/LIST('The thrift had suspended their lawsuits .','The holders had suspended their lawsuits .'))

Input: Joe Frank Sanderson , who is currently chairman , chief executive and treasurer , will remain chairman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Joe Frank Sanderson will remain chairman .', CO/LIST('Joe Frank Sanderson is currently chairman .','Joe Frank Sanderson is currently chief executive .','Joe Frank Sanderson is currently treasurer .'))

Input: The researchers said they did this , but the toxin did n't induce immunity to whooping cough .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the researchers said .','They did this .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to whooping cough .','The toxin did n't induce immunity .'))

Input: The scientists then took the five toxin genes and triggered a mutation in the one gene that caused virulence .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The scientists then took the five toxin genes .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the one gene .','The scientists then triggered a mutation .' ), 'A mutation in the one gene caused virulence .'))

Input: But the genes were accompanied by a piece of DNA , called a promoter , that turns the genes on .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Experiments showed that the new , non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity , according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena , Italy , the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena , Italy , the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health .','Experiments showed .' ), 'The new , non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity .')

Input: Dan J. Hartwell , 41 , executive vice president of Bank One , Dover , was named president and chief executive of the Dover bank , succeeding Mr. Pissocra .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pissocra was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dan J. Hartwell was 41 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dan J. Hartwell executive vice president of Bank One , Dover , was named president and chief executive of the Dover bank .','Named president and chief executive of the Dover bank were succeeding Pissocra .')))

Input: After an 88-year absence from the birthplace of the family banking empire , the return of the Rothschild group to Frankfurt was greeted by the glare of television lights , curious reporters and a mayoral reception in Town Hall .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Town Hall .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the birthplace of the family banking empire .','This was after an 88-year absence .' )CO/LIST('The return of the Rothschild group to Frankfurt was greeted by the glare of television lights .','The return of the Rothschild group to Frankfurt was greeted by the glare of curious reporters .','The return of the Rothschild group to Frankfurt was greeted by the glare of a mayoral reception .')))

Input: The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild , and the family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild .','The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 .' ), 'The family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris .')

Input: Although its palatial residence was destroyed by bombs during World War II , the Rothschilds ' place in Frankfurt 's history is still recalled by the city park and a street bearing the Rothschild name .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during World War II .','Its palatial residence was destroyed by bombs .' )CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The Rothschilds ' place in Frankfurt 's history is still recalled by the city park .','The Rothschilds ' place in Frankfurt 's history is still recalled by a street .' ), 'The Rothschilds ' place in Frankfurt 's history were bearing the Rothschild name .'))

Input: The family was in Allied countries during both World War I and the long period of economic strife of the 1920s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was during both World War I .','This was during the long period of economic strife of the 1920s .' ), 'The family was in Allied countries .')

Input: American journalist William L. Shirer , in his book The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , wrote of how in Vienna he had witnessed squads of -LCB- Nazi -RCB- SS men carting off silver , tapestries , paintings and other loot from the Rothschild palace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William L. Shirer was American journalist .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in his book .','William L. Shirer The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , wrote of how in Vienna he had witnessed squads of -LCB- Nazi -RCB- SS men carting off silver , tapestries , paintings and other loot from the Rothschild palace .'))

Input: It would be surprising if they did n't come to Frankfurt in time for 1992 , and they bring an interesting tradition .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('It would be surprising .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in time for 1992 .','They did n't come to Frankfurt .' ), 'They bring an interesting tradition .'))

Input: But the market really is n't going to be stood on its head , said a banker at one of Frankfurt 's Big Three banks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The new representative office , with one manager and two assistants -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with one manager .','This is with two assistants .' ), 'The new representative office -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own .')

Input: Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is instead .','It is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products .'))

Input: In March , N M Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of # 4.1 billion -LRB- $ 6.51 billion -RRB- and 1.26 billion Swiss francs -LRB- $ 774 million -RRB- , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in March .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rothschild was N M .', CO/LIST('Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of # 4.1 billion -LRB- $ 6.51 billion -RRB- .','Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of 1.26 billion Swiss francs -LRB- $ 774 million -RRB- .'))))

Input: In Europe , the Rothschilds banks are focusing on mergers and acquisitions as European industry restructures ahead of 1992 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Europe .','The Rothschilds banks are focusing on mergers and acquisitions .' ), 'European industry restructures ahead of 1992 .')

Input: Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , concedes Baron David de Rothschild , but we feel we have some cards to play .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is obviously .','There are quantitative limitations on the assistance .' ), 'We can provide the assistance .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we feel .','We have some cards to play .'))

Input: The real answer to curbing wild swings in stock prices , they say , might be to curb or even abolish stock-index futures .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Mario Gabelli , another star in the investing world , says , My gut says the negatives of futures and synthetics far outweigh the benefits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mario Gabelli is another star in the investing world .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what my gut says .','The negatives of futures and synthetics far outweigh the benefits .'))

Input: While it was once expected that futures would mimic stock prices , traders now routinely check the futures markets in Chicago before they buy or sell stocks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it was once expected .','Futures would mimic stock prices .' )SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Chicago .','Traders now routinely check the futures markets .' ), 'They buy or sell stocks .'))

Input: I think they should close down the futures exchange and then we could get back to investing .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','They should close down the futures exchange .' ), 'We could get back to investing .')

Input: The kind of instant liquidity that is implied by index futures is that you can buy a portfolio over two years and get out in one day .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The kind of instant liquidity is .','Instant liquidity is implied by index futures .' )CO/LIST('You can buy a portfolio over two years .','You can get out in one day .'))

Input: But stock-index futures have plenty of support .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Louis Margolis , managing director in charge of equity options and futures at Salomon Inc. , says that trading baskets of stocks began in the 1970s , a decade before the advent of futures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Louis Margolis was managing director in charge of equity options and futures at Salomon Inc. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The 1970s were a decade .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Louis Margolis says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the advent of futures .','Trading baskets of stocks began in the 1970s .'))))

Input: Since stock-index arbitrage merely narrows the gap between prices in the futures and stock markets , it ca n't add to volatility , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CAUSE(', Stock-index arbitrage merely narrows the gap between prices in the futures and stock markets .','It ca n't add to volatility .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: All life is about change -- either you adapt or die , says one Chicago futures trader .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If futures are n't permitted here , we 'll take it to Australia or Tokyo .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Futures are n't permitted here .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Australia or Tokyo .','We 'll take it .'))

Input: If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Managers fear .','The overall stock market will fall .' ), 'Managers want to continue owning stocks .' )CO/LIST('They can hold on to specific stocks .','They can sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts .'))

Input: n Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('N Inc. . Guides .','Official Airlines Guides .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in non-strategic businesses .', CO/LIST('N Inc. sold $ 2 billion .','Official Airlines sold $ 2 billion .')))

Input: its current tight trading pattern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: centive to keep his workers healthy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: h little time to see clients .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ttened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: yo and Osaka stock exchanges , most of the Japanese companies acquired by foreigners are privately held .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Yo were most .','Osaka stock exchanges were most .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Yo and Osaka stock exchanges of the Japanese companies are privately held .','The Japanese companies were acquired by foreigners .'))

Input: arket plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance .', SUB/ELABORATION('Arket plunge .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 .','This was compared with 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index .','This was compared with 3.6 % for the industrial average .' ), 'The Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % .')))

Input: the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock basket product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock basket product .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a single trade .','Its own stock basket product allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index .'))

Input:  , as several Wall Street firms pulled back from program trading last week under pressure from big investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from big investors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as several Wall Street .','Firms pulled back from program trading last week under pressure .'))

Input: orts accompanying spending bills rather than in the official bills themselves .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ng several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on safety and drunk driving .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is including a special-projects group .','Ng several new functions .' ), 'A special-projects group has made films on safety and drunk driving .')

Input: ome companies are raising money in anticipation of a government less predictable than Mr. Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in anticipation of a government less predictable than Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive .','Ome companies are raising money .'))

Input: umped 10.6 % in the period , the New York trade group said .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the period .','The New York trade group was umped 10.6 % .' ), 'The New York trade group said .')

Input: ong-term debt substantially next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  's view .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  involve the strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the Joint Chiefs of Staff .','Involve the strategic planners .' ), 'Degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics .')

Input:  n't enough to offset higher transport costs and lower productivity in the southern countries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ford might succeed because many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid or institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Ford might succeed .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Many shareholders are speculators keen for a full bid unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties .','Many shareholders are speculators keen for institutional investors unhappy over Jaguar management 's handling of its current financial difficulties .'))

Input: In wooing British lawmakers , GM has pointed out that its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British-owned and independent .
Prediction: CO/LIST('GM was wooing British lawmakers .', SUB/ELABORATION('GM has pointed out .','Its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British-owned and independent .'))

Input: This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members .','This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for two House of Lords members .' ), 'This was to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there .')

Input: Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher might , however , be receptive to any request by Jaguar Chairman Sir John Egan for the restriction 's early removal to let GM amass more than 15 % or mount a friendly suitor bid against Ford .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Margaret Thatcher is Prime Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION('John Egan is Jaguar Chairman Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is against Ford .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','Margaret Thatcher might be receptive to any request by John Egan for the restriction 's early removal to let GM amass more than 15 % or mount a friendly suitor bid .'))))

Input: In the end , Sir John -- rather than the government or Jaguar shareholders -- may hold the key that unlocks the golden share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John is Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the end .','John -- rather than the government or Jaguar shareholders -- may hold the key .' ), 'The key unlocks the golden share .'))

Input: This may have been true 10 years ago , but times have changed , even in Utah .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('This may have been true 10 years ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was even in Utah .','Times have changed .'))

Input: Many of his views on the protection of wilderness areas , rivers and canyons are now embraced by mainstream , conservative Utahans .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Redford , like it or not , is like a braking system on a runaway truck , kind of slowing it down into control .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Redford is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('A runaway truck is kind of slowing it down into control .','Redford , like it or not , is like a braking system on a runaway truck .'))

Input: But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy over his administration 's policies in Central America .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Central America .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over his administration 's policies .','But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy .'))

Input: But Costa Rican officials argue that the recent drop in coffee prices , combined with the country 's continuing struggle to reinvigorate its economy , make the support as necessary as ever .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what costa Rican officials argue .', SUB/ELABORATION('The recent drop in coffee prices make the support as necessary as ever .','The recent drop in coffee prices is combined with the country 's continuing struggle to reinvigorate its economy .'))

Input: Democrats argue that Costa Rica deserves more assistance for the same reason that Mr. Bush is attending the celebration this weekend : to reward the country for its stability in a region wracked with turmoil and for its efforts to promote peace in Nicaragua .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Officials also insist Mr. Bush will use the trip to highlight his own initiatives for pushing democracy in the region , fighting illegal drugs and assisting the less developed countries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what officials insist .','Bush will use the trip to highlight his own initiatives for pushing democracy in the region , fighting illegal drugs and assisting the less developed countries .'))

Input: But we still see this as an opportunity to discuss many , many very important issues .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined -LRB- 30 hours a week versus 25.3 -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on their sports .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in season .','The football and basketball players spent more time .' )SUB/ELABORATION('They did on class attendance and homework .',', Class attendance and homework were combined -LRB- 30 hours a week versus 25.3 -RRB- .')))

Input: Almost half -LRB- 49.8 % -RRB- reported suffering mental abuse from coaches , and almost one-quarter -LRB- 24.8 % -RRB- said they had been pressured to ignore injuries .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from coaches .','Almost half -LRB- 49.8 % -RRB- reported suffering mental abuse .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what almost one-quarter -LRB- 24.8 % -RRB- said .','They had been pressured to ignore injuries .'))

Input: But even those numbers do n't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -- The coaches should have a more personal and sympathetic attitude toward the athletes -- not treat us like pieces of meat .
Prediction: CO/LIST('-- The coaches should have a more personal and sympathetic attitude toward the athletes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like pieces of meat .','-- treat us .'))

Input: They always say to get a degree first , but they do n't allow us time or to skip practice to study for a test .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They always say to get a degree first .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They do n't allow us time .','They do n't allow us to skip practice to study for a test .'))

Input: -- The pressure put on us to win at all times has resulted in physical violence , such as punching and slapping by coaches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by coaches .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as punching and slapping .','-- The pressure put on us to win at all times has resulted in physical violence .'))

Input: Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football -LRB- meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('Time is always taken up by something .','To relax and enjoy ourselves Time .' ), 'This was to do with football -LRB- meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films -RRB- .')

Input: One has to establish one 's own identity away from athletics and make athletics only a part , not a whole , of the student-athlete 's life .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is not a whole .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is only a part of the student-athlete 's life .','One has to establish one 's own identity away from athletics and make athletics .'))

Input: The Knight Foundation , of Akron , Ohio , has established a national commission to look into college-sports reform , and the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half , moving the start of basketball practice back by a month and reducing maximum schedules in that sport to 25 games from 28 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was of Akron , Ohio .','The Knight Foundation has established a national commission .' ), 'This was to look into college-sports reform .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 25 games from 28 .','The NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half , moving the start of basketball practice back by a month and reducing maximum schedules in that sport .'))

Input: But the real world also includes the unpleasant truth that colleges are cheating the athletes they have wooed and won .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the real world also includes the unpleasant truth .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Colleges are cheating the athletes .','They have wooed and won the athletes .'))

Input: And like college radicals everywhere , they are talking about a demonstration -- where protesters would gather quietly near the science building and raise their hands , classroom style .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks , or SONG .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Such is the fiber of the wool .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks .','Woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of SONG .'))

Input: SONGsters are mad as heck about campus anti-intellectualism and they are n't going to take it anymore , at least not without trying a few really neat ideas first .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', SONGsters are mad as heck about campus anti-intellectualism .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least not without trying a few really neat ideas first .','They are n't going to take it anymore .'))

Input: We could have called ourselves the Academic Intellectual Society , but then everyone would have said , Oh , you mean the nerd-and-geek club , Leonid Fridman , SONG 's graduate-student adviser , told 19 attendees at the club 's inaugural meeting earlier this month .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('We could have called ourselves the Academic Intellectual Society .', CO/LIST('Then everyone would have said .','Oh , you mean the nerd-and-geek club .', SUB/ELABORATION('Leonid Fridman was SONG 's graduate-student adviser .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the club 's inaugural meeting .','Leonid Fridman told 19 attendees earlier this month .'))))

Input: But SONG founder Jeremy Kahn , a Harvard junior , thinks of nerds and geeks more as nonconformists , albeit with a studious bent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jeremy Kahn is SONG founder .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jeremy Kahn is a Harvard junior .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is albeit with a studious bent .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as nonconformists .','But Jeremy Kahn thinks of nerds and geeks more .'))))

Input: The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as Real Genius , in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ; and naturally , the Revenge of the Nerds , a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was such as Real Genius .','The Revenge of the Nerds , a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants .' ), 'The club plans to show nerdy movies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with lasers in Real Genius .','Physics whizzes pop corn .'))

Input: One of its more ambitious goals is to get Jaime Escalante , the Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher featured in the film Stand and Deliver , to come to Harvard for a guest lecture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Jaime Escalante was the Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a guest lecture .','The Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher was featured in the film Stand and Deliver , to come to Harvard .' ), 'One of its more ambitious goals is to get Jaime Escalante .'))

Input: Nerds and geeks sometimes find themselves a bit isolated at Harvard .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION(', Starpointe holders will receive $ 21 in cash a share .',', Starpointe holders will receive $ 21 in a total $ 63 million .' ), ', Starpointe holders approved the plan last April .')

Input: He will succeed Charles L. Harrington , chairman and chief executive officer , who retired last month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('He will succeed Charles L. Harrington .','He will succeed chairman .','He will succeed chief executive officer .' ), ', Charles L. Harrington , chairman and chief executive officer retired last month .')

Input: William J. Russo was named senior vice president , public affairs and advertising , for this financial and travel services concern 's American Express Bank Ltd. subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Senior vice president was public affairs .',', Senior vice president was advertising .' ), 'William J. Russo was named senior vice president for this financial and travel services concern 's American Express Bank Ltd. subsidiary .')

Input: Mr. Russo , 38 years old , previously was first vice president , public affairs and advertising , at the banking unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Russo was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 38 years old .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the banking unit .', CO/LIST('Russo previously was first vice president .','Russo previously was public affairs .','Russo previously was advertising .'))))

Input: In the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill in March , new governmental drilling bans are sharply curtailing exploration in promising locations offshore and in Alaska .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in promising locations offshore and in Alaska .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill in March .','New governmental drilling bans are sharply curtailing exploration .'))

Input: At the same time , moves toward tighter air-quality standards are spurring interest in lighter or alternative fuels that do n't pollute as much as fuel refined from heavy crudes , generally high in sulfur .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in lighter or alternative fuels generally high in sulfur .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .','Moves toward tighter air-quality standards are spurring interest .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Lighter or alternative fuels do n't pollute as much as fuel .','Fuel was refined from heavy crudes .')))

Input: Recently Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , traditional heavy-crude producers , have boasted of new finds of light , low-sulfur oil by their national oil companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Saudi Arabia and Venezuela were traditional heavy-crude producers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by their national oil companies .','Recently Saudi Arabia and Venezuela have boasted of new finds of light , low-sulfur oil .'))

Input: And some oil companies are trying to lock in future supplies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was off Santa Barbara .','A huge production system built in the sea .' ), 'A huge production system ashore is sitting idle .')

Input: More than half the domestic drilling now under way is for gas , partly on the assumption that demand will rise for a fuel that is cleaner to burn than either oil or coal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is partly .','More than half the domestic drilling now under way is for gas on the assumption .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Demand will rise for a fuel .','A fuel is cleaner to burn than either oil or coal .'))

Input: Santa Fe International Corp. , which is owned by Kuwait -LRB- and is n't related to Santa Fe Southern Pacific 's unit -RRB- , is stepping up development of a well off Texas ' Matagorda Island where it found gas in 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was off Texas ' Matagorda Island .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .','It found gas .' ), ', Santa Fe International Corp. is stepping up development of a well .' ), ', Santa Fe International Corp. is owned by Kuwait -LRB- and is n't related to Santa Fe Southern Pacific 's unit -RRB- .'))

Input: We could have sat on it longer , but the impetus is to get the gas to the marketplace , says Richard Poole , senior scout for Santa Fe International .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The proposals go far beyond the current and rather confused policies of perestroika , Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy was the current .','Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy was rather confused policies of perestroika .' )CO/LIST('The proposals go far beyond the current .','The proposals go far beyond rather confused policies of perestroika .'))

Input: They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of unemployment and high inflation , and recommend ways to soften the social consequences .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as the likelihood of unemployment and high inflation .','They also address such taboo subjects .' ), 'They also recommend ways to soften the social consequences .')

Input: While many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed , the blueprint is attracting widespread attention here because of its comprehensiveness and presumed high-level authorship .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was here because of its comprehensiveness .','This was here because of presumed high-level authorship .' ), 'The blueprint is attracting widespread attention .'))

Input: Although it was published unsigned in the latest edition of the weekly Ekonomicheskaya Gazeta , Soviet sources say the article was written by Leonid Abalkin and a small group of colleagues .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It was published unsigned in the latest edition of the weekly Ekonomicheskaya Gazeta .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what soviet sources say .', CO/LIST('The article was written by Leonid Abalkin .','The article was written by a small group of colleagues .')))

Input: Mr. Abalkin , head of the Academy of Science 's Institute of Economics , was recently appointed deputy chairman of the Soviet government and head of a state commission on economic reform .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Abalkin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Abalkin was head of the Academy of Science 's Institute of Economics .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on economic reform .','Abalkin was recently appointed deputy chairman of the Soviet government and head of a state commission .')))

Input: But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But the proposals also display political savvy , so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government .','The government stand to lose out if they are implemented .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in cautious language so as .','But the proposals also were couching some of the most controversial ideas not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government .' ), 'The government stand to lose out if they are implemented .'))

Input: Seeking a middle path between opponents of change and radicals who demand overnight solutions , the article advocates what it calls a radical-moderate approach .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The article is seeking a middle path between opponents of change and radicals .','A middle path between opponents of change and radicals demand overnight solutions .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The article advocates .','It calls a radical-moderate approach .'))

Input: The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy and concede that quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the authors concede .','Quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist .'))

Input: The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992 , including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders , cooperatives and joint ventures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including factories or owned by shareholders , cooperatives and joint ventures .','Factories were leased by workers .' )CO/LIST('The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now .','The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between 1992 .'))

Input: Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries , who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries .', CO/LIST('Government ministries now jealously guard their turf .', CO/LIST('Government ministries now are seen as one of the major obstacles .','Government ministries now were blocking economic reform .')))

Input: To cushion the blows , the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to cushion the blows .', CO/LIST('The government would introduce a minimum wage .','The government would introduce unemployment benefits .'))

Input: The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled , and free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade and some retail trade .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled .', CO/LIST('Free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade .','Free-market prices introduced for some retail trade .'))

Input: Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices , but luxury and imported items , including food , would be sold at market prices .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including food .', CO/LIST('Luxury would be sold at market prices .','Imported items would be sold at market prices .')))

Input: The current liberalization and decentralization of foreign trade would be taken much further .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Soviet companies would face fewer obstacles for exports and could even invest their hard currency abroad .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for exports .',', Soviet companies would face fewer obstacles .' ), ', Soviet companies could even invest their hard currency abroad .')

Input: Alongside the current non-convertible ruble , a second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars and other Western currencies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was alongside the current non-convertible ruble .', CO/LIST('A second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars .','A second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for other Western currencies .'))

Input: The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : the State Planning Committee , known as Gosplan , and the State Committee for Material Supply , or Gossnab .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions .','The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the State Planning Committee .','The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the State Committee for Material Supply , or Gossnab .' ), 'The two powerful economic institutions seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans .' ), 'The State Planning Committee was known as Gosplan .')

Input: But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The changes are particularly the introduction of wholesale trade .','The changes are particularly the breakup of state monopolies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But it hints strongly .', SUB/ELABORATION('Both organizations would increasingly lose their clout .','The changes take effect .')))

Input: Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood When my car does n't start ; If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood .','My car does n't start .' ), 'If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart .')

Input: Albert Engelken and Robert Thomson had never met , though for 38 years their lives had been intertwined in a way peculiar to the sports world .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Albert Engelken and Robert Thomson had never met .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 38 years .','Their lives had been intertwined in a way peculiar to the sports world .'))

Input: Mr. Engelken , now a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Mr. Thomson , a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. , had n't even talked to each other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was now .', SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Thomson were a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. .','Engelken a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Thomson had n't even talked to each other .')))

Input: Mr. Engelken , a rabid baseball fan , pores over the sports pages to chart the exploits of my favorite and not-so-favorite teams and players .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken is a rabid baseball fan .', SUB/PURPOSE('Engelken pores over the sports pages .','This is to chart the exploits of my favorite and not-so-favorite teams and players .')))

Input: He often groans , he says , at the clutter of sports stories about drugs , alcohol , gambling and some player 's lament about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('He often groans .','This is what he says , at the clutter of sports stories about drugs , alcohol , gambling and some player 's lament about the miserly millions .' ), 'He is offered to play the game the miserly millions .')

Input: His morning paper , the Washington Post , even carries a sports column called Jurisprudence that recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Washington Post was his morning paper .', SUB/ELABORATION('His morning paper even carries .', SUB/ELABORATION('A sports column called Jurisprudence .','Jurisprudence recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers .')))

Input: The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The second game was 100 .', CO/LIST('The Giants got swamped in the second game .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Giants trailed 4-1 .','4-1 was going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game .')))

Input: The Giants scored once and had runners on second -LCB- Whitey Lockman -RCB- and third -LCB- Clint Hartung -RCB- as Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Giants scored once .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Giants had runners on second -LCB- Whitey Lockman -RCB- .','The Giants had runners on third -LCB- Clint Hartung -RCB- .' ), 'Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate .'))

Input: The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high and inside and then , with a crack of the bat , was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high and inside .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a crack of the bat .','The pitch then was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands .'))

Input: And Bobby Thomson was made a legend .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Engelken and Mr. Thomson drifted in different directions in the subsequent years , and the Polo Grounds , located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan , was replaced by a public-housing project .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the subsequent years .','Engelken and Thomson drifted in different directions .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Polo Grounds was replaced by a public-housing project .','The Polo Grounds were located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan .')))

Input: Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington , but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mr. .','Engelken moved south to Washington .' ), 'He took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 .')

Input: And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mr. .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('And on Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book .','And on Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife was detailing the big homer .' )SUB/PURPOSE('And on Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife sent it off to Thomson .','This was to be autographed .')))

Input: On her husband 's 50th birthday -LRB- after an auspicious 23 years of marriage , it should be noted -RRB- , Betsy , Al and their college-bound son set out for New York to visit Fordham University .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on her husband 's 50th birthday -LRB- after an auspicious 23 years of marriage , it should be noted -RRB- .', CO/LIST('Betsy set out for New York .','Al set out for New York .','Their college-bound son set out for New York .' ), 'This was to visit Fordham University .'))

Input: At the appointed exit , the family pulled over , and Mrs. Engelken went to get her papers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the appointed exit .','The family pulled over .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the appointed exit .','Engelken went to get her papers .')))

Input: Mr. Engelken turned off the motor and rolled down the window .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Engelken turned off the motor .','Engelken rolled down the window .'))

Input: She crouched down by the car window and addressed her husband with her favorite nickname :
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She crouched down by the car window : .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with her favorite nickname .',', She addressed her husband : .'))

Input: Keep your Thomas Jeffersons , or St. Augustines or Michelangelos ; I 'd take baseball 's Flying Scot without hesitation .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Keep your Thomas Jeffersons , or St. Augustines or Michelangelos .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is without hesitation .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Scot is Flying .','I 'd take baseball 's Scot .')))

Input: And when Mr. Engelken asked him why he took time off from work for somebody he did n't even know , Bobby Thomson replied : You know , Albert , if you have the chance in life to make somebody this happy , you have an obligation to do it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Engelken asked him .','Why he took time off from work for somebody .' )SUB/ELABORATION('And he did n't even know , Bobby Thomson replied : You know , Albert , if you have the chance in life to make somebody this happy .','You have an obligation to do it .')))

Input: But when Betsy Engelken wrote him , saying she could stop near his New Jersey home , it seemed different .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Betsy Engelken wrote him .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Betsy Engelken was saying .',', She could stop near his New Jersey home .' ), 'But , it seemed different .'))

Input: My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan 's Bluff , where a real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid who never fully grew up and is all the richer for it .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan 's Bluff .', SUB/ELABORATION('A real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid .', CO/LIST('A kid never fully grew up .','A kid is all the richer for it .')))

Input: Analysts said the announcement , the latest in a series of divestitures and restructuring moves , is aimed at improving Southam 's earnings before the expiration in June of a standstill pact with Torstar Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The announcement was the latest in a series of divestitures and restructuring moves .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .','The announcement is aimed at improving Southam 's earnings before the expiration in June of a standstill pact with Torstar Corp .'))

Input: The newspaper could fetch between 15 million and 20 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 12.8 million to $ 17.1 million -RRB- , said one analyst , who asked not to be identified .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price the company is seeking or on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 4 million and C$ 7 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price or on estimates of the paper 's annual losses .','The company is seeking the price .' ), 'Most analysts place at between C$ 4 million and C$ 7 million estimates of the paper 's annual losses .')

Input: The acquisition of the Financial Times of Canada is well within reach for any number of media companies , both public and private , said James Cole , an analyst with Toronto-based BBN James Capel Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Possible bidders include Christopher Ondaatje , a Toronto financier and vice chairman of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , a holding company controlled by Toronto 's Bronfman family .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Hees International Bancorp Inc. was a holding company .','A holding company was controlled by Toronto 's Bronfman family .' ), ', Christopher Ondaatje was a Toronto financier and vice chairman of Hees International Bancorp Inc. .' ), 'Possible bidders include Christopher Ondaatje .')

Input: Mr. Ondaatje sold his stake in Pagurian Corp. to Hees earlier this year and is said to be seeking a media acquisition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ondaatje was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Pagurian Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Hees .','Ondaatje sold his stake earlier this year .' ), 'Ondaatje is said to be seeking a media acquisition .')))

Input: This year , it has moved to cut costs in its newspaper division through layoffs and asset sales , while reaching joint venture and acquisition agreements in other areas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was through layoffs and asset sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its newspaper division .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was while reaching joint venture and acquisition agreements in other areas .','This year , it has moved to cut costs .')))

Input: Operating profit for the abrasives , engineering materials and petroleum services concern was $ 19.2 million , or 91 cents a share , up 3 % from $ 18.7 million , or 87 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 3 % from $ 18.7 million , or 87 cents a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Operating profit for the abrasives , engineering materials and petroleum services concern was $ 19.2 million .','Operating profit for the abrasives , engineering materials and petroleum services concern was 91 cents a share .'))

Input: Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Eastman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a joint venture .', CO/LIST('Norton had each held a 50 % stake .','Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake .')))

Input: Norton announced earlier this month that it was exploring the possible sale of all or part of Eastman Christensen .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Norton announced earlier this month .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It was exploring the possible sale of all .','It was exploring part of Eastman Christensen .'))

Input: For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Norton had net of $ 81.2 million and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million .','Norton had net of $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million .'))

Input: In the year-earlier period , the company had net of $ 77.2 million , or $ 3.68 a share , and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had net of $ 77.2 million and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million .','The company had net of $ 3.68 a share , and a tax credit of $ 7.7 million .'))

Input: Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million .','Norton had operating profit of $ 3.66 a share .'))

Input: It 's all I think about or talk about .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It 's all .', CO/DISJUNCTION('I think about .','I talk about all .'))

Input: For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for the Parks .','This was for millions of other young Koreans .' ), 'The long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion .')

Input: In 1987 , a quarter of the population owned 91 % of the nation 's 71,895 square kilometers of private land , the report said , and 10 % of the population owned 65 % of the land devoted to housing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .','A quarter of the population owned 91 % of the nation 's 71,895 square kilometers of private land .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .','10 % of the population owned 65 % of the land .' ), 'The land was devoted to housing .'))

Input: Highlights of the bills , as currently framed , are : -- A restriction on the amount of real estate one family can own , to 660 square meters in the nation 's six largest cities , but more in smaller cities and rural areas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Highlights of the bills , as currently framed , are : -- .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the nation 's six largest cities .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 660 square meters .','A restriction on the amount of real estate one family can own .')))

Input: -- Taxes of between 15 % and 50 % a year on excessive profits from the resale of property , or the sale of idle land to the government .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some want lower limits on house sizes ; others insist on progressively higher taxation for larger homes and lots .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on house sizes .',', Some want lower limits .' ), 'Others insist on progressively higher taxation for larger homes and lots .')

Input: The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice , a public-interest group leading the charge for radical reform , wants restrictions on landholdings , high taxation of capital gains , and drastic revamping of the value-assessment system on which property taxes are based .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice were a public-interest group .','A public-interest group was leading the charge for radical reform .' )CO/LIST('The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice wants restrictions on landholdings .','The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice wants high taxation of capital gains .','The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice wants drastic revamping of the value-assessment system on which property taxes are based .'))

Input: But others , large landowners , real-estate developers and business leaders , say the government 's proposals are intolerable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Others are large landowners .','Others are real-estate developers .','Others are business leaders .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what others say .','The government 's proposals are intolerable .'))

Input: Led by the Federation of Korean Industries , the critics are lobbying for the government to weaken its proposed restrictions and penalties .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The critics were led by the Federation of Korean Industries .', SUB/PURPOSE('The critics are lobbying for the government .','This was to weaken its proposed restrictions and penalties .'))

Input: Government officials who are urging real-estate reforms balk at the arguments of business leaders and chafe at their pressure .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Government officials balk at the arguments of business leaders .','Government officials are urging real-estate reforms .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Government officials chafe at their pressure .','Government officials are urging real-estate reforms .'))

Input: The chief culprits , he says , are big companies and business groups that buy huge amounts of land not for their corporate use , but for resale at huge profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The chief culprits , he says , are big companies and business groups .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is not for their corporate use , but for resale at huge profit .','Big companies and business groups buy huge amounts of land .'))

Input: One research institute calculated that as much as 67 % of corporate-owned land is held by 403 companies -- and that as little as 1.5 % of that is used for business .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The government 's Office of Bank Supervision and Examination told the National Assembly this month that in the first half of 1989 , the nation 's 30 largest business groups bought real estate valued at $ 1.5 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the government 's Office of Bank Supervision and Examination told the National Assembly this month .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first half of 1989 .','The nation 's 30 largest business groups bought real estate .' ), 'Real estate was valued at $ 1.5 billion .'))

Input: Banks , investment and credit firms would be permitted to own land equivalent in value to 50 % of their capital -- currently the proportion is 75 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 50 % of their capital .','Banks , investment and credit firms would be permitted to own land equivalent in value .' ), ', Currently the proportion is 75 % .')

Input: But Mrs. Park acknowledges that even if the policies work to slow or stop speculation , apartment prices are unlikely to go down .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Park is Mrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Park acknowledges .', SUB/CONDITION('The policies work to slow or stop speculation .','Apartment prices are unlikely to go down .')))

Input: Although profits were squeezed in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw-material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was mainly .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of higher raw-material costs .','Profits were squeezed in 1989 .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','It is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond .')))

Input: Greg Smith , Moon Township manager , said the ordinance is intended to prevent the concentration of group homes for the mentally retarded from changing the character and flavor of the neighborhood .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greg Smith was Moon Township manager .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Greg Smith said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from changing the character and flavor of the neighborhood .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the mentally retarded .','The ordinance is intended to prevent the concentration of group homes .'))))

Input: Ten years ago , the newspaper El Espectador , of which my brother Guillermo was editor , began warning of the rise of the drug mafias and of their leaders ' aspirations to control Colombian politics , especially the Congress .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('El Espectador was the newspaper .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was ten years ago .','El Espectador began warning of the rise of the drug mafias and of their leaders ' aspirations to control Colombian politics , especially the Congress .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Guillermo was My brother .', SUB/ELABORATION('El Espectador was editor of the newspaper .','Guillermo was El Espectador .'))))

Input: Then , when it would have been easier to resist them , nothing was done and my brother was murdered by the drug mafias three years ago .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It would have been easier to resist them .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was then .','Nothing was done .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was then .','My brother was murdered by the drug mafias three years ago .')))

Input: Within the past two months a bomb exploded in the offices of the El Espectador in Bogota , destroying a major part of its installations and equipment .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Bogota .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the past two months .','A bomb exploded in the offices of the El Espectador .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the past two months .','A bomb was destroying a major part of its installations and equipment .')))

Input: And only last week the newspaper Vanguardia Liberal in the city of Bucaramanga was bombed , and its installations destroyed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Vanguardia Liberal was last week the newspaper .','And only Vanguardia Liberal in the city of Bucaramanga was bombed .' ), 'And its installations destroyed .')

Input: If the Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship there is little doubt that the drug mafia 's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers published in the free world .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship .', SUB/ELABORATION('There is little doubt .', SUB/ELABORATION('The drug mafia 's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers .','All the newspapers were published in the free world .')))

Input: The American people and their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs posed to the moral structure of their country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The American people also woke up too late to the menace drugs .','Their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs .' ), 'The menace drugs were posed to the moral structure of their country .')

Input: I can attest that a recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks ' walk between Grand Central Terminal and the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in midtown Manhattan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I can attest .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Manhattan was midtown .','This was in Manhattan .' )CO/LIST('A recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks ' walk between Grand Central Terminal .','A recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks ' walk between the Waldorf Astoria Hotel .')))

Input: All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Much has been accomplished and public opinion decisively supports the government and the army -- but , on the other hand , none of the key drug barons have been captured .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Much has been accomplished .', CO/LIST('Public opinion decisively supports the government .','Public opinion decisively supports the army .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the other hand .','None of the key drug barons have been captured .')))

Input: But most of the drug money is kept in investments and in financial institutions outside Colombia .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Our coffee growers face reductions in their income , and this tempts them to contemplate substituting coca crops for coffee .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Our coffee growers face reductions in their income .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for coffee .','This tempts them to contemplate substituting coca crops .'))

Input: Each gram of cocaine consumed is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world who fight this terrible scourge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Each gram of cocaine is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world .',', Cocaine is consumed .' ), 'The world fight this terrible scourge .')

Input: When the dust and dirt settle in an extra-nasty mayoral race , the man most likely to gain custody of all this is a career politician named David Dinkins .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The dust and dirt settle in an extra-nasty mayoral race .', SUB/ELABORATION('The man most likely to gain custody of all this is a career politician .','A career politician was named David Dinkins .'))

Input: Running the nation 's largest and most ornery city may be no treat , but at least Mr. Dinkins knows what to expect from it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Running the nation 's largest and most ornery city may be no treat .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('At least Dinkins knows .','This is to expect from it .')))

Input: They wonder whether he has the economic know-how to steer the city through a possible fiscal crisis , and they wonder who will be advising him .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they wonder .','Whether he has the economic know-how to steer the city through a possible fiscal crisis .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they wonder .','Who will be advising him .'))

Input: Polls also have recorded some slippage in Mr. Dinkins 's support among Jewish voters , and citywide projections now put his lead at between four and 20 percentage points .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was some slippage in Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among Jewish voters .','Polls also have recorded Dinkins 's support .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at between four and 20 percentage points .',', Citywide projections now put his lead .')))

Input: In an interview with reporters and editors of The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Dinkins appears quite confident of victory and of his ability to handle the mayoralty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an interview with reporters and editors of The Wall Street Journal .','Dinkins appears quite confident of victory and of his ability to handle the mayoralty .'))

Input: A lot of people think I will give away the store , but I can assure you I will not , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a lot of people think .','I will give away the store .' ), 'I can assure you I will not .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: Renewed efforts to fight drugs and crime will be costly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Koch already has announced he will drop 3,200 jobs from the city payroll , but that wo n't be enough .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Koch was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Koch has announced .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the city payroll .','He will drop 3,200 jobs .' ), 'That wo n't be enough .')))

Input: His supporters are not venal , but their solution to everything will be to spend more money , and he wo n't have any money .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('His supporters are not venal .', CO/LIST('Their solution to everything will be to spend more money .','He wo n't have any money .'))

Input: By and large , Mr. Dinkins has finessed the touchy question of whose ox he would gore .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by and large .','Dinkins has finessed the touchy question of whose ox he would gore .'))

Input: The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people , says Meyer Frucher , a real-estate executive and former aide to Gov. Mario Cuomo .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He is an avuncular figure .', CO/LIST('An avuncular figure remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children .','An avuncular figure opens doors for women .','An avuncular figure never has a bad word to say about anybody .'))

Input: He has canceled numerous campaign appointments and was largely inaccessible to the media until the stock story broke .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He has canceled numerous campaign appointments .', SUB/CONDITION('He was largely inaccessible to the media .','The stock story broke .'))

Input: Colleagues today recall with some humor how meetings would crawl into the early morning hours as Mr. Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his private office to discuss , en masse , certain controversial proposals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is the early morning hours as Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('En masse is certain controversial proposals .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what colleagues recall .','With some humor how meetings would crawl into Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his private office to discuss , en masse .')))

Input: But board members say he took so long to decide how to vote that by the time he decided , it was too late to try to draw other members to his position .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind , Mr. Ferrer admits , but he maintains that he did n't delay his support of Mr. Dinkins and that he backs the Democratic candidate enthusiastically .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to time on the length of time .','I had some problem from time he would take to make up his mind .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was his support of Mr. .','He maintains that he did n't delay Dinkins and that he backs the Democratic candidate enthusiastically .'))

Input: Mr. Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff , Bill Lynch , denies that the Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff were Bill Lynch .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff denies .','The Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues .')))

Input: But Mr. Dinkins 's economic planks do n't seem to bother the business community , where he draws significant support .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .','But Dinkins 's economic planks do n't seem to bother the business community .' ), 'He draws significant support .')

Input: Mr. Dinkins 's inner circle of advisers appears to include both ideologues and pragmatists , leaving voters with little clue as to who will be more influential .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with little clue as to who will be more influential .','Dinkins 's inner circle of advisers appears to include both ideologues and pragmatists , leaving voters .'))

Input: A disheveled , roly-poly son of a Long Island potato farmer , Mr. Lynch is a veteran union organizer who worked on the presidential campaigns of Sen. Edward Kennedy and Mr. Jackson .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lynch was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Edward Kennedy was the presidential campaigns of Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lynch was a Long Island potato farmer .', SUB/ELABORATION('A disheveled , roly-poly son of a Long Island potato farmer is a veteran union organizer .','A veteran union organizer worked on Edward Kennedy and Jackson .'))))

Input: But as the Dinkins campaign hit tough times this month , Andrew Cuomo , the politically seasoned son of the New York governor , is also said to have taken a more active role on strategy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Andrew Cuomo was the politically seasoned son of the New York governor .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Dinkins campaign hit tough times this month .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on strategy .','But , Andrew Cuomo is also said to have taken a more active role .')))

Input: Some business leaders and others also believe that Mr. Dinkins would place significant responsibility in the hands of a deputy mayor with a strong administrative background .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some business leaders and others believe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the hands of a deputy mayor with a strong administrative background .','Dinkins would place significant responsibility .')))

Input: Then there are Mr. Dinkins 's old-time Harlem colleagues , such as U.S. Rep. Rangel , former Deputy Mayor Paterson and Mr. Sutton .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rangel is U.S. Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Paterson is former Deputy Mayor .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as Rangel , Paterson and Sutton .','Then there are Dinkins 's old-time Harlem colleagues .'))))

Input: I will sit down and talk some of the problems out , but take on the political system ? Uh-uh , he says with a shake of the head .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('I will sit down ? Uh-uh .','I will talk some of the problems out ? Uh-uh .','I will take on the political system ? Uh-uh .' ), 'This is what he says with a shake of the head .')

Input: The bottom line is that he is a very genuine and decent guy , says Malcolm Hoenlein , a Jewish community leader .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The petite , 29-year-old Ms. Johnson , dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt as she slogs through the steady afternoon rain , is a claims adjuster with Aetna Life & Casualty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson is 29-year-old Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson is the petite .','The petite dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt as she slogs through the steady afternoon rain , is a claims adjuster with Aetna Life & Casualty .'))

Input: She has been on the move almost incessantly since last Thursday , when an army of adjusters , employed by major insurers , invaded the San Francisco area to help policyholders sift through the rubble and restore some order to their lives .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(', She has been on the move almost incessantly since last Thursday .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to their lives .','An army of adjusters invaded the San Francisco area to help policyholders sift through the rubble and restore some order .' ), 'An army of adjusters was employed by major insurers .'))

Input: Equipped with cellular telephones , laptop computers , calculators and a pack of blank checks , they parcel out money so their clients can find temporary living quarters , buy food , replace lost clothing , repair broken water heaters , and replaster walls .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('They was equipped with cellular telephones .','They was equipped with laptop computers .','They was equipped with calculators .','They was equipped with a pack of blank checks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('They parcel out money .', CO/LIST('Their clients can find temporary living quarters .','Their clients can buy food .','Their clients can replace lost clothing .','Their clients can repair broken water heaters .','Their clients can replaster walls .')))

Input: But she asks a workman toting the bricks from the lawn to give her a boost through an open first-floor window .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But she asks a workman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the lawn to give her a boost through an open first-floor window .','A workman is toting the bricks .'))

Input: She snaps photos of the buckled floors and the plaster that has fallen away from the walls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', She snaps photos of the buckled floors .',', She snaps photos of the plaster .' ), 'Photos of the buckled floors and the plaster has fallen away from the walls .')

Input: While she works inside , a tenant returns with several friends to collect furniture and clothing .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', She works inside .', SUB/PURPOSE('A tenant returns with several friends .','This is to collect furniture and clothing .'))

Input: One of the friends sweeps broken dishes and shattered glass from a countertop and starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('One of the friends sweeps broken dishes .','One of the friends sweeps shattered glass from a countertop .' ), 'One of the friends starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen .')

Input: Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Others grab books .','Others grab records .','Others grab photo albums .','Others grab sofas .','Others grab chairs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Others are working frantically in the fear .','An aftershock will jolt the house again .'))

Input: The owners , William and Margie Hammack , are luckier than many others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('William are the owners .','Margie Hammack are the owners .' ), 'The owners are luckier than many others .')

Input: Only about 20 % of California home and business owners carried earthquake coverage .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's hard to accept all the suffering people are going through , but you have to .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's hard to accept all the suffering people .','Are going through all the suffering people .' ), 'You have to .')

Input: For Aetna and other insurers , the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for Aetna .','This was for other insurers .' ), 'The San Francisco earthquake hit .' ), 'Resources in the field already were stretched .')

Input: Aetna , which has nearly 3,000 adjusters , had deployed about 750 of them in Charlotte , Columbia , and Charleston .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Charlotte , Columbia , and Charleston .','Aetna had deployed about 750 of them .' ), 'Aetna has nearly 3,000 adjusters .')

Input: Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to fly these executives back to the West Coast and bring along portable computers , cellular phones and some claims adjusters .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', Commercial airline flights were disrupted .', SUB/PURPOSE('The company chartered three planes .','This was to fly these executives back to the West Coast and bring along portable computers , cellular phones and some claims adjusters .'))

Input: He returned home last Thursday , packed a bag with fresh clothes and reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He returned home last Thursday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with fresh clothes .','He packed a bag .' ), 'He reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek .')

Input: In a few instances , Aetna knew it would probably be shelling out big bucks , even before a client called or faxed in a claim .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Aetna knew in a few instances .', SUB/ELABORATION('It would probably be shelling out big bucks .','A client called or faxed in a claim .'))

Input: But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding .','But they must also assign a price .' ), 'This is to come up with a total value for a house .')

Input: The house itself , located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 , was pushed about four feet off its foundation and then collapsed into its basement .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The house itself was pushed about four feet off its foundation .','The house itself was located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The house itself was then collapsed into its basement .','The house itself was located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 .'))

Input: Many of the adjusters employed by Aetna and other insurers have some experience with construction work or carpentry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Many of the adjusters have some experience with construction work or carpentry .', CO/LIST('The adjusters are employed by Aetna .','The adjusters are employed by other insurers .'))

Input: But such skills were alien to Toni Johnson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Four years ago , she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was four years ago .',', She was managing a film-processing shop .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was four years ago .',', She was totally bored .'))

Input: She signed up , starting as an inside adjuster , who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was starting as an inside adjuster .',', She signed up .' )CO/LIST('An inside adjuster settles minor claims .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by phone .','An inside adjuster does a lot of work .')))

Input: She spent a month at an Aetna school in Gettysburg , Pa. , learning all about the construction trade , including masonry , plumbing and electrical wiring .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at an Aetna school .',', She spent a month in Gettysburg , Pa. .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including masonry .','This was including plumbing .','This was including electrical wiring .' ), ', She was learning all about the construction trade .'))

Input: That was followed by three months at the Aetna Institute in Hartford , where she was immersed in learning how to read and interpret policies .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Hartford .','That was followed by three months at the Aetna Institute .' ), ', She was immersed in learning how to read and interpret policies .')

Input: As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after .','Johnson stands outside the Hammack house .' ), 'Johnson is winding up her chores there .' ), 'The house begins to creak and sway .'))

Input: It is an aftershock , one of about 2,000 since the earthquake , and it makes her uneasy .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('An aftershock is one of about 2,000 since the earthquake .','It is an aftershock .' ), 'It makes her uneasy .')

Input: The next day , as she prepares a $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks , which will cover the cost of demolishing the house and clearing away the debris , she jumps at the slightest noise .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', She prepares a $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks .','The next day , she jumps at the slightest noise .' ), 'A $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks will cover the cost of demolishing the house and clearing away the debris .')

Input: They would like to retrieve some appliances on the second floor , but wonder if it 's safe to venture inside .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the second floor .','They would like to retrieve some appliances .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they wonder .','If it 's safe to venture inside .'))

Input: The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations , but says : We 're talking policy limits .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations .','The adjuster says .' ), 'We 're talking policy limits .')

Input: Earthquake insurance costs about $ 2 to $ 4 annually for every $ 1,000 of value , and high deductibles mean it generally pays only when there is a catastrophe .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is annually for every $ 1,000 of value .','Earthquake insurance costs about $ 2 to $ 4 .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what high deductibles mean .', SUB/ELABORATION('It generally pays only .','There is a catastrophe .')))

Input: I always knew that the Big One was coming , but not during my lifetime , she says .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what i knew .','The Big One was coming .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is not during my lifetime .',', She says .'))

Input: Last Sunday , Ms. Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants , but stopped abruptly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson was Ms. .', CO/CONTRAST('Last Sunday , Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants .','Last Sunday , Johnson stopped abruptly .'))

Input: The Federal Communications Commission allowed American Telephone & Telegraph Co. to continue offering discount phone services for large-business customers and said it would soon re-examine its regulation of the long-distance market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Federal Communications Commission allowed American Telephone & Telegraph Co. to continue offering discount phone services for large-business customers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Federal Communications Commission said .','It would soon re-examine its regulation of the long-distance market .'))

Input: The FCC moves were good news for AT&T , which has been striving since the breakup of the phone system for greater latitude in pricing and reduced regulation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The FCC moves were good news for AT&T .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for greater latitude in pricing and reduced regulation .','AT&T has been striving since the breakup of the phone system .'))

Input: But it has been an open question whether Mr. Sikes , an extraordinarily cautious man , would continue pushing deregulation at the FCC in the face of what is likely to be great political pressure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sikes was an open question whether Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sikes was an extraordinarily cautious man .', SUB/ELABORATION('But it has been Sikes in the face of what is likely to be great political pressure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the FCC Sikes .','Would continue pushing deregulation .'))))

Input: Apart from those two actions , Mr. Sikes and the three other commissioners said they expect to re-examine how AT&T is regulated since competition has increased .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sikes was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sikes and the three other commissioners said apart from those two actions .','They expect to re-examine how AT&T is regulated since competition has increased .'))

Input: The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(CO/LIST('This is at the fierce competition in the long-distance business .','This is at the fierce competition in the rules .' ), 'This is governing it .' ), 'The time is long overdue to take a look .' ), 'This was what the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement .')

Input: But MCI , of Washington , was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 , arguing that AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was of Washington .','But MCI was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MCI , of Washington , was arguing .','AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules .'))

Input: Last week alone , an eye-popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds , or nearly 5 % of their total assets , according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. , a Boston research firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dalbar Financial Services Inc. were a Boston research firm .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was last week alone .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to estimates by Dalbar Financial Services Inc. .', CO/DISJUNCTION('An eye-popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of the junk funds .','An eye-popping $ 1.6 billion flowed out of nearly 5 % of their total assets .'))))

Input: In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past two months .','The nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- .' ), 'This is what Dalbar says .'))

Input: Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Their junk funds combined have had net outflows .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past two months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Their junk funds combined were totaling nearly $ 500 million .','Their junk funds combined were totaling about 13 % of their junk fund assets .')))

Input: Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A lesser extent was government-bond funds .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what mutual fund officials say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent .','Investors have transferred most of it .')))

Input: You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , says Mr. Litvack .
Prediction: CO/LIST('You get a news item .','It hits .','You have strong redemptions that day .', SUB/ELABORATION('Litvack is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for two days .','Following -- then go back to normal , says Litvack .')))

Input: People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('People now could get hit again .','People remain in junk funds .' ), 'This is what some analysts and fund specialists say .')

Input: Many funds in recent weeks and months have been selling their highest-quality junk issues , such as RJR Nabisco , to raise cash to meet expected redemptions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as RJR Nabisco .', SUB/PURPOSE('Many funds in recent weeks and months have been selling their highest-quality junk issues .','This was to raise cash to meet expected redemptions .'))

Input: And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Lawson 's resignation shocked many analysts , despite the recent recurring speculation of a rift between the chancellor and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Margaret Thatcher was Prime Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was despite the recent recurring speculation of a rift between the chancellor .','This was despite the recent recurring speculation of a rift between Margaret Thatcher .' ), 'Lawson 's resignation shocked many analysts .')))

Input: But Mr. Foley predicted few economic policy changes ahead , commenting that Mr. Major shares a very similar view of the world with Mr. Lawson .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Foley was Mr. .', CO/LIST('But Foley predicted few economic policy changes ahead .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Foley was commenting .','Major shares a very similar view of the world with Lawson .')))

Input: Unless Mr. Lawson 's resignation leads to a change in British interest-rate policy -- Mrs. Thatcher 's administration firmly supports high interest rates to keep inflation in check -- or posturing toward full inclusion in the European Monetary System 's exchange-rate mechanism , Mr. Lawson 's withdrawal will have little long-term impact on exchange rates , Mr. Chandross concluded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher was Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Unless Lawson 's resignation leads to a change in British interest-rate policy -- Thatcher 's administration in check -- or posturing toward full inclusion in the European Monetary System 's exchange-rate mechanism , Lawson 's withdrawal will have little long-term impact on exchange rates , Chandross concluded .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher is inflation .','Firmly supports high interest rates to keep Thatcher 's administration .'))))

Input: Also announcing his resignation Thursday was Alan Walters , Mrs. Thatcher 's economic adviser and Mr. Lawson 's nemesis .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated , shelf offering of $ 200 million of debt securities , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Home Nutritional Services Inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of Healthdyne Inc. , proposed initial offering of four million common shares , of which 1.8 million will be sold by Home Nutritional Services and 2.2 million will be sold by Healthdyne , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: SynOptics Communications Inc. , proposed public offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 1,003,884 shares are to be sold by the company and 496,116 shares are to be sold by holders , via Morgan Stanley & Co. and Hambrecht & Quist .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I agree , it 's ridiculous , says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boren is Mr. .', CO/LIST('I agree , it 's ridiculous .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('I agree .','This is what it says Boren .' ), 'I agree , it may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action .'))

Input: But in 1989 most senators have other ideas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Boren does n't think all this influenced the failed coup this month , but he does concede that Congress has made mistakes .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Boren was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Boren does n't think .','All this influenced the failed coup this month .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He does concede .',', Congress has made mistakes .')))

Input: Elliott Abrams , a veteran of intelligence committee debates , doubts that even Grenada or the Libyan raid would have taken place if consensus had been required .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Elliott Abrams was a veteran of intelligence committee debates .', SUB/ELABORATION('Elliott Abrams doubts .', SUB/CONDITION('Even Grenada or the Libyan raid would have taken place .',', Consensus had been required .')))

Input: Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents ; modern senators , Mr. Boren notwithstanding , are less modest .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents .', SUB/ELABORATION('Boren is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Boren notwithstanding is Modern senators .','Modern senators are less modest .')))

Input: But it 's just as plausible to argue that if even David Boren can get mired in this sort of mess , the problem goes beyond legal interpretation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The reply of the Metzenbaums and Cohens is that we ca n't abolish these oversight committees because we 've seen too many abuses of executive power .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The reply of the Metzenbaums and Cohens is .', SUB/CAUSE('We ca n't abolish these oversight committees .','We 've seen too many abuses of executive power .'))

Input: But Panama illustrates that their substitute is a system that produces an absurd gridlock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But Panama illustrates .', SUB/ELABORATION('Their substitute is a system .','A system produces an absurd gridlock .'))

Input: We lived in rural areas many years , but now live in St. Louis County , Mo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mo was St. Louis County .', CO/CONTRAST('We lived in rural areas many years .','We now live in St. Louis County .'))

Input: This morning as I drove the 13 miles to my law office and endured the routine heavy traffic during that twice-daily journey , I thought of how fortunate it was that we made the decision to be residents of an expanding community with so many opportunities and where so much is happening .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to my law office .','I drove the 13 miles .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during that twice-daily journey .','I endured the routine heavy traffic .' ), 'This morning , I thought of how fortunate it was that we made the decision to be residents of an expanding community with so many opportunities and where so much is happening .'))

Input: I remembered being fired at age 44 , with five children at home , when my views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with five children at home .','I remembered being fired at age 44 .' ), 'My views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer .')

Input: Now , I revel in the freedom , culture , activity and diversity of this great metropolitan area with its traffic jams and perpetual road-building projects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with its traffic jams .','This is with perpetual road-building projects .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','I revel in the freedom , culture , activity and diversity of this great metropolitan area .'))

Input: The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 and the third in fall 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fall 1991 .', CO/LIST('The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 .','The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in the third .'))

Input: One analyst said the first ship probably will be delivered close to schedule , but that Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the second and third ships .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one analyst said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was but .','The first ship probably will be delivered close to schedule .' ), ', Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the second and third ships .'))

Input: However , some bankers cited possible parallels between the Waertsilae Marine case and the collapse of Norway 's state-owned Kongsberg Vappenfabrikk AS two years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', CO/LIST(', Some bankers cited possible parallels between the Waertsilae Marine case two years ago .',', Some bankers cited the collapse of Norway 's state-owned Kongsberg Vappenfabrikk AS two years ago .'))

Input: In that case , international banks and investors incurred big losses because they incorrectly believed the company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in that case .','International banks and investors incurred big losses .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they believed .','The company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees .'))

Input: At the time 71%-controlled by Oy Waertsilae , a conglomerate , the shipbuilding unit faced potential losses estimated at one billion markka and was on the brink of liquidation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oy Waertsilae was a conglomerate .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the time 71 % - controlled by Oy Waertsilae .','The shipbuilding unit faced .' )CO/LIST('Potential losses estimated at one billion markka .','Potential losses was on the brink of liquidation .')))

Input: Under the rescue plan , Waertsilae sold 51 % of its stake to a group of banks and pension funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a group of banks and pension funds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the rescue plan .','Waertsilae sold 51 % of its stake .'))

Input: The government , in turn , guaranteed financing to complete the order backlog and took control of the board .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in turn .','The government guaranteed financing .' ), 'This was to complete the order backlog .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in turn .','The government took control of the board .'))

Input: The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Waertsilae was the parent .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The government spent most of last year .','Last year was attempting to carry out such a plan .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The government was thwarted .','Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute .')))

Input: After the restructuring of Waertsilae Marine and bolstered by state loan guarantees , two big bank creditors , Union Bank of Finland and state-controlled Postipankki , resumed lending the shipyard working capital .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Union Bank of Finland and state-controlled Postipankki were two big bank creditors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the restructuring of Waertsilae Marine and bolstered by state loan guarantees .','Two big bank creditors resumed lending the shipyard working capital .'))

Input: But the bankers got cold feet recently as government officials complained they had been misled about the shipyard 's actual financial condition , and hinted the credit guarantees might be withdrawn .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But the bankers got cold feet recently .', SUB/ELABORATION('Government officials complained .','They had been misled about the shipyard 's actual financial condition .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But the bankers hinted .','The credit guarantees might be withdrawn .')))

Input: People familiar with Monday 's board meeting said it was the state 's refusal to explicitly reaffirm the credit guarantees that led Union Bank and Postipankki to halt lending to Waertsilae Marine .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what people familiar with Monday 's board meeting said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was the state 's refusal to explicitly reaffirm the credit guarantees .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Waertsilae Marine .','The credit guarantees led Union Bank and Postipankki to halt lending .')))

Input: But there appear to be few , if any , suitors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties , and unamortized issue discount and costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the cable programmer said .','The loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties .' )CO/LIST('Unamortized issue discount related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries .',', Costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries .'))

Input: A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the quarter 's earnings .','A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Turner spokesman said .','The company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 .'))

Input: The company said the repayment or redemption of the long-term debt , and the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures and notes and $ 900 million in bank borrowings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('The repayment or redemption of the long-term debt was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures and notes and $ 900 million in bank borrowings .','The outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures and notes and $ 900 million in bank borrowings .'))

Input: The notes were priced to yield 8 % and are convertible into the company 's Class B common stock at a price which represents a 15 % premium over the market price on Oct. 10 , 1989 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The notes were priced to yield 8 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('The notes are convertible into the company 's Class B common stock at a price .','A price represents a 15 % premium over the market price on Oct. 10 , 1989 .'))

Input: The assembly plant builds the Cadillac DeVille , Chevrolet Caprice and Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera Wagon .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 147,121 vehicles this week , down 9.6 % from the 162,767 a year ago , but 2.5 % higher than last week 's 143,534 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is than last week 's 143,534 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is down 9.6 % from the 162,767 a year ago , but 2.5 % higher .','The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 147,121 vehicles this week .'))

Input: They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The last thing markets like is uncertainty , said Ian Harwood , chief economist at S.G. Warburg & Co. , of the resignations of Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson and chief economic adviser Sir Alan Walters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think you 'll see share prices go down , and sterling now is under something of a cloud .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','You 'll see share prices go down .' ), ', Sterling now is under something of a cloud .')

Input: At 15 % , base interest rates are the highest in eight years , and the 7.6 % annual inflation rate is by far the highest in the European Community .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at 15 % .','Base interest rates are the highest in eight years .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at 15 % .','The 7.6 % annual inflation rate is by far the highest in the European Community .'))

Input: London-based LIT Holdings , the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets , said yesterday it will incur a second-half loss as a result of the market plunge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('London-based LIT Holdings were the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what london-based LIT Holdings said yesterday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result of the market plunge .','It will incur a second-half loss .')))

Input: But after trading losses in the mid-October market jolts here , many people will be lucky to have jobs at all , executives predict .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But investment bankers say that stock market uncertainties in the U.S. may cause many European companies to mark time before bidding for American companies , in the hope that share prices will come down .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what investment bankers say .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Stock market uncertainties in the U.S. may cause many European companies .','This is to mark time before bidding for American companies , in the hope that share prices will come down .'))

Input: But he adds : Everybody and his sister have opened up M&A shops .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But he adds .', CO/LIST('Everybody have opened up M&A shops .','His sister have opened up M&A shops .'))

Input: At the others , there are going to be a lot of disappointments , after all those promises and all that big money that 's been paid to people .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the others .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is after all those promises .','This is after all that big money .' ), 'There are going to be a lot of disappointments .' ), 'All that big money 's been paid to people .'))

Input: Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was as a London stockbroker .','Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career .' ), 'Last summer , he headed for the mountains .')

Input: The percentage of your day spent twiddling your thumbs got greater , and the work day kept getting longer .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The percentage of your day got greater .','Your day was spent twiddling your thumbs .' ), 'The work day kept getting longer .')

Input: But unlike London , out here I 've never heard anybody blow a car horn in anger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in anger .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was out here .','But unlike London I 've never heard anybody blow a car horn .'))

Input: SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peat Marwick Hungerfords was accounting firm .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under pressure from bank lenders .',', SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. has called in Peat Marwick Hungerfords .' ), 'This was to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company .'))

Input: Yesterday , Mr. Skase said the company is solvent and with the continued support of its bankers is able to meet its financial commitments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Skase was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Skase said .','The company is solvent .' ), 'Yesterday , Skase with the continued support of its bankers is able to meet its financial commitments .'))

Input: Last Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , its 43%-owned U.S. TV production and distribution affiliate , filed for Chapter 11 protection .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Qintex Entertainment Inc. was its 43 % .','Owned U.S. TV production and distribution affiliate .' ), 'Last Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. filed for Chapter 11 protection .')

Input: And defense lawyers are warning that they wo n't stick around if they do n't get paid .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what defense lawyers are warning .', SUB/CONDITION('They wo n't stick around .','They do n't get paid .'))

Input: The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was the money that Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar .', SUB/CONDITION('The founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted .','The government may move to seize Antar is using to pay legal fees .'))))

Input: A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was Mr. .','Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what prosecutors have told him .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on racketeering and securities fraud charges .','They may soon seek an indictment .')))

Input: Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law .','This('The government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial .')))

Input: Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was attorneys for Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault were Antar .', CO/LIST('Justin Feldman both declined to comment on the matter .','Jack Arseneault both declined to comment on the matter .')))

Input: Mr. Antar was charged last month in a civil suit filed in federal court in Newark by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was charged last month in a civil suit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the Securities and Exchange Commission .','A civil suit was filed in federal court in Newark .')))

Input: The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the SEC has alleged .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through false financial statements .','Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits .')))

Input: Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 .','Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million .'))

Input: In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in general .','Markets function well .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in general .','Markets adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances .'))

Input: As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The market tumbled .','Disorderly market conditions prevailed .' ), 'The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened .','Trading in many stocks was suspended .','Orders took unduly long to be executed .','Many specialists stopped trading altogether .')

Input: These failures in turn contributed to the fall in the market averages : Uncertainty extracted an extra risk premium and margin-calls triggered additional selling pressures .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the market averages .','These failures in turn contributed to the fall .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Uncertainty extracted .', CO/LIST('An extra risk premium triggered additional selling pressures .','Margin-calls triggered additional selling pressures .')))

Input: The Fed already buys and sells foreign exchange to prevent disorderly conditions in foreign-exchange markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In 1987 , it pumped billions into the markets through open market operations and the discount window .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was into the markets .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was through open market operations .','This was through the discount window .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .','It pumped billions .')))

Input: It lent money to banks and encouraged them to make funds available to brokerage houses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to banks .','It lent money .' ), 'It encouraged them to make funds available to brokerage houses .')

Input: They , in turn , lent money to their customers -- who were supposed to recognize the opportunity to make a profit in the turmoil and buy shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to their customers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in turn .','They lent money -- .' ), 'Their customers -- were supposed to recognize the opportunity to make a profit in the turmoil and buy shares .'))

Input: The foreign-exchange and government securities markets are vastly larger .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Fed should guard against systemic risk , but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But since the member countries of the International Monetary Fund agreed to the Guidelines to Floating in 1974 , such difficulties have been avoided .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Floating in 1974 .','The member countries of the International Monetary Fund agreed to the Guidelines .' ), 'But , such difficulties have been avoided .')

Input: But this could be a case where we all might go broke if it is n't fixed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the bugs are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws .','Flaws could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts .' )CO/LIST('The bugs are n't expected to hurt Intel .','The bugs are n't expected to hurt most computer makers .'))

Input: Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their brains appear on the market sometime next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say .', CO/LIST('The defects do n't affect the average user .', SUB/ELABORATION('The defects are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip .','Their brains appear on the market sometime next year .')))

Input: But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say .','The bugs will delay products .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what most big computer makers said .','The flaws do n't affect them .'))

Input: Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was nonetheless .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on volume of 3,609,800 shares .',', Concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is nonetheless .',', Concern about the chip may have partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday .')))

Input: Intel said it had corrected the problems and would start producing bugless chips next week .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Intel said .','It had corrected the problems .' ), 'Intel would start producing bugless chips next week .')

Input: The bugs will cause problems in specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications such as word-processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: An IBM spokeswoman said the company told customers Monday about the bugs and temporarily stopped shipping the product .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an IBM spokeswoman said .', CO/LIST('The company told customers Monday about the bugs .','The company temporarily stopped shipping the product .'))

Input: IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards .','This was what the spokeswoman said .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is without long product delays .','IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards , the spokeswoman could probably circumvent the bugs .'))

Input: Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST('-LRB- A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time . -RRB- .', SUB/ELABORATION('Newer is 32-bit chips .','-LRB- A 16-bit microprocessor is slower than newer . -RRB- .'))

Input: Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','Intel has cornered a large part of the market .'))

Input: Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Big personal computer makers are developing 486-based machines .','Many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines .' ), '486-based machines are expected to reach the market early next year .')

Input: Bethlehem had little choice but to go with a European steelmaker , because its competitors already have tapped the Japanese and South Korean industry leaders , analysts noted .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CAUSE('Bethlehem had little choice but to go with a European steelmaker .','Its competitors already have tapped the Japanese and South Korean industry leaders .' ), 'This was what analysts noted .')

Input: Under terms of the agreement , Usinor 's Chavanne-Ketin unit and Bethlehem would establish a modernized facility to make cast-iron mill rolls at the company 's cast-iron shop here .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under terms of the agreement .', CO/LIST('Usinor 's Chavanne-Ketin unit would establish a modernized facility .','Bethlehem would establish a modernized facility .' ), 'This is to make cast-iron mill rolls at the company 's cast-iron shop here .'))

Input: The caster improves the metallurgical quality of the iron mill rolls , which are basically huge rolling pins used to flatten or shape steel products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The caster improves the metallurgical quality of the iron mill rolls .', SUB/ELABORATION('The iron mill rolls are basically huge rolling pins .','Huge rolling pins were used to flatten or shape steel products .'))

Input: Once the consolidation is complete , Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication , hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The consolidation is complete .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on nuclear fabrication .','This was on hardened steel .','This was on large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications .' ), 'Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business .'))

Input: Well , when Congress in its recent S&L bailout mandated that the thrifts sell off all their junk-bond holdings by 1994 , it not only artificially increased the supply of these bonds in the market but also eliminated one of the few profitable investments thrifts have made .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress in its recent S&L bailout mandated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by 1994 .','The thrifts sell off all their junk-bond holdings .' )CO/CONTRAST('Well , it not only artificially increased the supply of these bonds in the market .','Well , it not only also eliminated one of the few profitable investments thrifts have made .')))

Input: Now , we regard this as a largely phony issue , but the long term is nonetheless a big salon topic all around the Beltway .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','We regard this as a largely phony issue .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is all around the Beltway .','The long term is nonetheless a big salon topic .'))

Input: It turns out that Columbia had this huge loss in large part because the new congressionally mandated rules forced it to adjust the book value of its soon-to-be-sold junk bonds to the lower of either their cost or market value .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It turns out .', SUB/CAUSE(', Columbia had this huge loss in large part .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the lower of either their cost or market value .','The new congressionally mandated rules forced it to adjust the book value of its soon-to-be-sold junk bonds .')))

Input: I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i believe .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was through Justice .','This was at getting as much done as we can through the court and through state and federal regulatory agencies .' ), 'We have to take a shot .'))

Input: Healthy thrifts such as Columbia or the junk-bond market itself should have been so lucky .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As part of its restructuring several years ago , Exxon moved most of those out of the city and sold its 53-floor Rockefeller Center skyscraper to a Japanese company .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of its restructuring several years ago .','Exxon moved most of those out of the city .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a Japanese company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of its restructuring several years ago .','Exxon sold its 53-floor Rockefeller Center skyscraper .')))

Input: But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials , coming at a time of high office building vacancy rates and departures by other major companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials .', CO/LIST('An embarrassment to New York City officials is coming at a time of high office .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by other major companies .','An embarrassment to New York City officials are building vacancy rates and departures .')))

Input: Dallas , its economy based on oil and real estate , has been in a slump .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was based on oil .','This was based on real estate .' ), 'Dallas was its economy .' ), 'Dallas has been in a slump .')

Input: Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of office buildings , homes and recreational facilities that its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of office buildings .','Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of homes .','Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of recreational facilities .' ), 'Its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years .')

Input: The company wo n't say how much it will save , but during at its interim location , sources say it will likely pay rent of $ 10 to $ 15 per square foot .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The company wo n't say .','It will save .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what sources say during at its interim location .','It will likely pay rent of $ 10 to $ 15 per square foot .'))

Input: In Texas , taxes and development costs are also lower , they said .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Texas .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Taxes and development costs are also lower .','This was what they said .'))

Input: Market pulp is wood pulp sold on the open market to producers of paper and other products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Market pulp is wood pulp .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to producers of paper and other products .','Wood pulp was sold on the open market .'))

Input: IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('IMA Holdings Corp. were purchasing 63 million shares .','IMA Holdings Corp. were purchasing 86 % .')))

Input: IMA is a group that includes First Boston Corp. and the Pritzker family of Chicago through the leveraged buy-out fund Harry Gray Melvyn Klein & Partners .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Harry Gray Melvyn Klein & Partners is the leveraged buy-out fund .', SUB/ELABORATION('IMA is a group .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through Harry Gray Melvyn Klein & Partners .', CO/LIST('A group includes First Boston Corp. .','A group includes the Pritzker family of Chicago .'))))

Input: Harry J. Gray and Melvyn N. Klein , along with five other IMA designees , were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was along with five other IMA designees .', CO/LIST('Harry J. Gray were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board .','Melvyn N. Klein were named to join American Medical 's 10-member board .'))

Input: It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It received more offers .', SUB/ELABORATION('The auction was surprisingly won by IMA .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gilleland was Mr. .', CO/LIST('IMA bid $ 28 a share .','IMA asked Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant .'))))

Input: Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady said that Congress should grant the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to close the stock markets in periods of crisis .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nicholas Brady was Treasury Secretary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Nicholas Brady said .',', Congress should grant the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to close the stock markets in periods of crisis .'))

Input: But Mr. Brady argued that the SEC is closer to the markets and in a better position to understand when the exchanges are under such stress that they should be closed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brady was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Brady argued .', SUB/ELABORATION('The SEC is closer to the markets and in a better position to understand when the exchanges are under such stress .','They should be closed .')))

Input: This raises questions whether futures and equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels and whether futures margins are adequate , Mr. Brady said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brady was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This raises questions whether futures and equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels and whether futures margins are adequate .','This was what Brady said .'))

Input: Margins on the futures exchanges typically are raised and lowered according to market volatility .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The former Wall Street executive refused to offer an opinion on the controversy surrounding program trading , which has recently become a larger part of the trading in the market and has been blamed for accelerating the drop two weeks ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The former Wall Street executive refused to offer an opinion on the controversy surrounding program trading .','The former Wall Street executive has been blamed for accelerating the drop two weeks ago .' ), 'Program trading has recently become a larger part of the trading in the market .')

Input: But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brady was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Brady endorsed the market-revision bill .','Both houses of Congress will try to push through this session .'))

Input: That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('That bill would require brokerage firms .','That bill is proposed by the SEC last year .' ), 'This is to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets .')

Input: The bill also would give the SEC the power to close the markets , a discretion that former SEC Chairman David Ruder wanted but Mr. Breeden does n't .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Ruder was that former SEC Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('David Ruder was a discretion .', SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('The bill also would give the SEC the power to close the markets , David Ruder wanted .','Breeden does n't .'))))

Input: Mr. Brady and senators agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brady was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Brady agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill .',', Senators agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill .'))

Input: These include provisions relating to the technology and systems that must be employed by exchanges , oversight and disciplinary procedures for exchange trading practices , the relationship between commodity brokerage firms and floor traders , and exchange governance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('These include provisions relating to the technology and systems .','These include the relationship between commodity brokerage firms and floor traders .','These include exchange governance .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for exchange trading practices .', CO/LIST('The technology must be employed by exchanges , oversight and disciplinary procedures .',', Systems must be employed by exchanges , oversight and disciplinary procedures .')))

Input: The bill also elevates even minor rule infractions to felonies and provides for recovery of punitive damages in civil lawsuits and arbitration cases without any showing of willful misconduct .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to felonies .','The bill also elevates even minor rule infractions .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is without any showing of willful misconduct .','The bill also provides for recovery of punitive damages in civil lawsuits and arbitration cases .'))

Input: Other aspects of the bill , however , are either structured in ways that create unnecessary burdens for the industry or actually are harmful to the exchanges , the industry and ultimately the general public .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Other aspects of the bill are either structured in ways .' ), 'Ways create unnecessary burdens for the industry .' )CO/LIST('Other aspects of the bill actually are harmful to the exchanges .','Other aspects of the bill actually are harmful to the industry .','Other aspects of the bill actually are harmful to ultimately the general public .'))

Input: But is it realistic for Congress to mandate by a rigid deadline a system that has not yet been subjected to feasibility studies ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for trading in the same or very similar contracts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fact .',', Several London markets already offer lower costs .'))

Input: The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity and cost-efficiency ; long-term growth depends on it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity .','The U.S. exchanges need cost-efficiency .' ), 'Long-term growth depends on it .')

Input: One section of the bill would make all commodity brokerage firms and floor brokers liable for damages without willful misconduct .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This would force out of business many of the individuals and small firms that function as floor brokers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This would force out of business many of the individuals .','This would force out of business many of small firms .' ), ', Small firms function as floor brokers .')

Input: Finally , under the bill , a number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned , unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was finally .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the bill .','A number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned .' ), 'The CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue .'))

Input: All U.S. futures exchanges agree that these and other trading practices require proper regulation and supervision .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what all U.S. futures exchanges agree .', CO/LIST('These require proper regulation and supervision .','Other trading practices require proper regulation and supervision .'))

Input: On the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo , life is nasty , brutish and wickedly entertaining .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is brutish .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is on the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo .','Life is nasty and wickedly entertaining .'))

Input: Zaita the cripple-maker rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The cripple-maker rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars .','The cripple-maker takes a cut of every cent .' ), 'They cadge .')

Input: For the killer and thief , Said Mahran , fame flows from the barrel of a gun .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Said Mahran is the killer and thief .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the killer and thief .','Fame flows from the barrel of a gun .'))

Input: But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades and include work of social realism , protest and allegory .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But they do show the range of a restless intellect .','A restless intellect 's 30-odd span five decades .' ), 'But they do include work of social realism , protest and allegory .')

Input: The Beginning and the End , easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's realistic period and it is the one for which he is most renowned .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Mahfouz is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is easily .', CO/LIST('The Beginning , belongs to Mahfouz 's realistic period .','The End the best of the three , belongs to Mahfouz 's realistic period .' ), 'It is the one for which he is most renowned .')))

Input: Published in 1949 , it follows the decline of a Cairo family with the saga-like sweep and rich detail that critics often compare to Dickens , Balzac and Galsworthy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It is published in 1949 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the saga-like sweep and rich detail .','It follows the decline of a Cairo family .' ), ', Critics often compare to Dickens , Balzac and Galsworthy .'))

Input: And the successful son wishes his embarrassing siblings dead .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We see , smell and hear slums filled with the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language , rattling coughs and the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats and spewing into the street .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('We see .','We smell .','We hear slums .' )CO/LIST(', Slums were filled with the echoes of hawkers .', CO/LIST(', Slums were advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language .',', Slums were advertising their wares interspersed with rattling coughs .',', Slums were advertising their wares interspersed with the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats and spewing into the street .')))

Input: And we meet engaging crooks , such as Hassan the Head , famed for his head-butting fights , his whoring and his hashish .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as Hassan the Head .','And we meet engaging crooks .' )CO/LIST('Hassan the Head was famed for his head-butting fights .','Hassan the Head was famed for his whoring .','Hassan the Head was famed for his hashish .'))

Input: Mr. Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic , and he modeled his work on Western classics .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Mahfouz was Mr. .','Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Western classics .','He modeled his work .'))

Input: But the familiarity of his style also makes his work accessible , as the streets of Cairo come alive for the Western reader as vividly as Dickens 's London or Dostoevski 's St. Petersburg .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the familiarity of his style also makes his work accessible .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The streets of Cairo come alive for the Western reader as vividly as Dickens 's London .','The streets of Cairo come alive for the Western reader as vividly as Dostoevski 's St. Petersburg .'))

Input: The Thief and the Dogs , written in 1961 , is a taut , psychological drama , reminiscent of Crime and Punishment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is reminiscent of Crime and Punishment .', CO/LIST('The Thief is a taut , psychological drama .','The Dogs is a taut , psychological drama .' )CO/LIST('The Thief are written in 1961 .','The Dogs are written in 1961 .')))

Input: Its antihero , Said Mahran , is an Egyptian Raskolnikov who seeks nobility in robbing and killing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Mahran is Said .','Mahran is its antihero .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Its antihero is an Egyptian Raskolnikov .','An Egyptian Raskolnikov seeks nobility in robbing and killing .'))

Input: I am the hope and the dream , the redemption of cowards , he says in one of many interior monologues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The hope are the redemption of cowards .','The dream are the redemption of cowards .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('I am the hope .','I am the dream .' ), 'This is what he says in one of many interior monologues .'))

Input: Here , the city is dark and laden with symbolism : Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is here .','The city is dark and laden with symbolism .' ), ', Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society .')

Input: While the theme is compelling , the plot and characters are not .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The theme is compelling .', CO/LIST('The plot are not .',', Characters are not .'))

Input: We never care about Said or the hypocrites he hunts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Thief and the Dogs is a pioneering work , the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic , but it is likely to disappoint Western readers .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('A pioneering work is the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic .', CO/LIST('The Thief is a pioneering work .','The Dogs is a pioneering work .' ), 'It is likely to disappoint Western readers .'))

Input: The story of a playwright 's stage debut unfolds in first-person monologues , in the manner of Faulkner 's The Sound and the Fury .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in the manner of Faulkner 's The Sound .','This is in the manner of Faulkner 's the Fury .' ), 'The story of a playwright 's stage debut unfolds in first-person monologues .')

Input: But the device obscures more than it illuminates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The indirectness of his later work reflects both an appetite for new genres and the hazards of art in the Arab world .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The clutter of the 1940s remains , but its color has drained away , and the will to overcome has been defeated .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The clutter of the 1940s remains .', CO/LIST('Its color has drained away .','The will to overcome has been defeated .'))

Input: Having lost their faith in God , in social reform and in opium , Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in social reform .',', Cairenes were having lost their faith in God and in opium .' ), ', Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor .')

Input: Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston said it may make a tender offer for some or all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd. 's common shares .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is for some .','This is for all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd. 's common shares .' ), 'It may make a tender offer .'))

Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Norwood said it 's part of a group that holds 525,546 Phoenix Technologies common shares , or a 5.3 % stake .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Norwood said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's part of a group .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A group holds 525,546 Phoenix Technologies common shares .','A group holds a 5.3 % stake .')))

Input: Norwood has made no detailed plans , but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Norwood has made no detailed plans .','It has engaged in talks with other shareholders .' ), 'This was what the filing said .')

Input: Norwood is controlled by Daniel L. Barnett and Paul A. Reese , both officers of Boston-based Oasis Capital Management Inc. , a small Boston money management firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paul A. Reese was both officers of Boston-based Oasis Capital Management Inc. .', CO/LIST('Norwood is controlled by Daniel L. Barnett .','Norwood is controlled by Paul A. Reese a small Boston money management firm .'))

Input: Weirton Steel Corp. said it reached a tentative agreement on a 48-month labor contract with the Independent Steelworkers Union covering production and maintenance employees .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Weirton Steel Corp. said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a 48-month labor contract .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Independent Steelworkers Union .','It reached a tentative agreement .' ), 'It was covering production and maintenance employees .')))

Input: The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 19 cents , 70 cents and 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is respectively .', CO/LIST('The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 19 cents effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 .','The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 70 cents effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 .','The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 .'))

Input: The 40 pet projects were discovered buried in the appropriations bill for HUD and some other agencies after it returned from a conference committee that was called to resolve differences between the House and Senate versions .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(CO/LIST('The 40 pet projects were discovered buried in the appropriations bill for HUD .','The 40 pet projects were discovered buried in the appropriations bill for some other agencies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It returned from a conference committee .','A conference committee was called to resolve differences between the House and Senate versions .'))

Input: They transferred some $ 28 million from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for low - and moderate-income projects and funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for job retention in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for equipment and landscaping to deter crime and aid police surveillance at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for integrated urban data based in seven cities . No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library and recreation center at Mackinac Island , Mich .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mich was Mackinac Island .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for low - and moderate-income projects and funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for job retention in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for equipment and landscaping to deter crime and aid police surveillance at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for integrated urban data . No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library and recreation center .','Integrated urban data were based in seven cities .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was at Mackinac Island .','They transferred some $ 28 million .')))

Input: The efforts to get to the people who are addicted , try to rehabilitate them ; if they can not be rehabilitated , at least to contain them ; to educate people , to strongly discourage use of drugs by people who are casual users and first users , to stop this process among the young -- all of these things I think are extremely important .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The conceptual base -- a criminal-justice approach -- is the same that I have worked through before , in the Nixon administration when I was budget director and secretary of the treasury with jurisdiction over the Customs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The conceptual base -- a criminal-justice approach -- is the same .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Nixon administration .','I was budget director and secretary of the treasury with jurisdiction over the Customs .' ), 'I have worked through before .'))

Input: What we have before us now is essentially the same program but with more resources plowed into all of the efforts to enforce and control .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This was but with more resources plowed into all of the efforts .','This was to enforce and control .' ), 'What we have before us now is essentially the same program .')

Input: When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives , including , I might say , the incentive that the drug pushers have to go around and get kids addicted , so that they create a market for themselves .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I am catching your attention , then read a bold and informative article in this September 's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on this subject .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in this September 's issue of Science .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by Ethan Nadelmann .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is then .','If I am catching your attention read a bold and informative article on this subject .')))

Input: Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many economists think the rise in the value of the U.S. dollar this year will further crimp progress in trade , because it makes exports more expensive and imports cheaper .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many economists think .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in trade .','The rise in the value of the U.S. dollar this year will further crimp progress .' ), 'It makes exports more expensive and imports cheaper .'))

Input: A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of all the goods and services the economy produced .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of all the goods .','A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of services .' ), 'The economy produced all the goods and services .')

Input: An inflation gauge that measures the quarterly change in prices of an array of goods and services slowed its growth to a 2.9 % annual rate in the third quarter from 5 % in the second .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a 2.9 % annual rate in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 5 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the second .','An inflation gauge slowed its growth .' ), 'An inflation gauge measures the quarterly change in prices of an array of goods and services .')))

Input: But he said he believes the second quarter 's 5 % rate will prove to have been this year 's peak quarterly inflation rate .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .','The second quarter 's 5 % rate will prove to have been this year 's peak quarterly inflation rate .'))

Input: But administration officials were concerned over the bleak trade report , which showed the deficit in the country 's trade of goods and services swelling to a $ 74 billion annual rate in the third quarter from a $ 51 billion rate in the second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But administration officials were concerned over the bleak trade report .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the country 's trade of goods and services .','The bleak trade report showed the deficit .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a $ 51 billion rate in the second quarter .','The bleak trade report was swelling to a $ 74 billion annual rate in the third quarter .')))

Input: Mr. Darby called it a disappointment but predicted exports will pick up again .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Darby was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Darby called it a disappointment .', SUB/ELABORATION('Darby predicted .','Exports will pick up again .')))

Input: I ca n't believe it will continue , he added , noting that the economies of the country 's major trading partners are strong and prices of U.S. products are still competitive .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('I ca n't believe .','It will continue .' ), 'He added , noting that the economies of the country 's major trading partners are strong .','Prices of U.S. products are still competitive .')

Input: While a buildup of these stocks adds to GNP , it can hurt the economy because a pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A buildup of these stocks adds to GNP .', SUB/CAUSE('It can hurt the economy .','A pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs .'))

Input: Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the U.S. Air Force .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile .','Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract .'))

Input: The contract provides additional equipment for Northrop , the prime contractor on the missile , and also supports a 1990 purchase of 90 missiles for follow-on flight tests .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Northrop is the prime contractor on the missile .', CO/LIST('The contract provides additional equipment for Northrop .','The contract also supports a 1990 purchase of 90 missiles for follow-on flight tests .'))

Input: Canada 's largest department store operator said the rights offering will entitle holders of its ordinary shares , except residents in the U.S. and Britain , to subscribe for two additional shares for every five shares held at a price of C$ 31.25 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Canada 's largest department store operator said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This is except residents in the U.S. and Britain .','The rights offering will entitle holders of its ordinary shares .' ), 'This was to subscribe for two additional shares for every five shares held at a price of C$ 31.25 a share .'))

Input: Hudson 's Bay said that Woodbridge Co. , which currently holds about 77 % of the ordinary shares , will subscribe for all the shares to which it is entitled and for any shares that are n't otherwise taken up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hudson 's Bay said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Woodbridge Co. will subscribe for all the shares to which it is entitled and for any shares .','Any shares are n't otherwise taken up .' ), 'Woodbridge Co. currently holds about 77 % of the ordinary shares .'))

Input: But in 1988 , it ran into a buzz saw : a Defense Department spending freeze .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('ERC International Inc. is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the military .','ERC International Inc. provides professional and technical services .'))

Input: In the belief that development of advanced military technology will remain a top Defense Department priority , ERC last year acquired W.J. Schafer Associates , a technical and scientific analysis company with contracts under the Strategic Defense Initiative .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('W.J. Schafer Associates were a technical and scientific analysis company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the Strategic Defense Initiative .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the belief .','Development of advanced military technology will remain a top Defense Department priority .' ), 'ERC last year acquired W.J. Schafer Associates with contracts .')))

Input: As orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled , three years of steady growth ended with a 69 % drop in income in this year 's first half .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in this year 's first half .','Three years of steady growth ended with a 69 % drop in income .'))

Input: Telos Corp. , a Santa Monica , Calif. , provider of software-development and hardware-maintenance services to the military , enjoyed steady growth until this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the military .','Telos Corp. was a Santa Monica , Calif. , provider of software-development and hardware-maintenance services .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was until this year .','Telos Corp. enjoyed steady growth .'))

Input: A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame , but so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army and delays in getting paid .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame .', CO/LIST('A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army .','A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue were lower profits from delays in getting paid .'))

Input: Telos responded by combining three of its five divisions to reduce expenses and bring more focus to potentially fewer bidding opportunities , says Lin Conger , Telos chairman and controlling shareholder .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company not only merged three military-electronics manufacturing operations , but also closed an unrelated plant that makes ordnance devices used in fighter planes and missiles .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The company not only merged three military-electronics manufacturing operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('The company not only also closed an unrelated plant .', SUB/ELABORATION('An unrelated plant makes ordnance devices .','Ordnance devices were used in fighter planes and missiles .')))

Input: He was convicted of charging interest rates much higher than what the law permitted , and attempting to evade income taxes by using a double accounting system .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Christies says it has had no contact with Mr. Morishita since the stock purchase , but that it 's happy to deal with him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morishita was no contact with Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Christies says .', CO/CONTRAST('It has had Morishita since the stock purchase .', SUB/ELABORATION('It has .','It 's happy to deal with him .'))))

Input: In describing that business in general , he says that when the client ca n't repay the loan , some machikin clutch on like hyenas and even take over the client 's company .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He is describing that business in general .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('The client ca n't repay the loan .', CO/LIST(', Some machikin clutch on like hyenas .',', Some machikin even take over the client 's company .'))))

Input: And the acquisition , which made Aska one of Christies ' top five shareholders , left many people wondering who this man was and what his intentions were .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('And the acquisition left many people .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the acquisition was wondering .','Who this man was and what his intentions were .' ), 'The acquisition made Aska one of Christies ' top five shareholders .'))

Input: We 're an investor , Mr. Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morishita was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We 're an investor .','This was what Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs .'))

Input: In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings , he has acquired 600 items , he says , enough to persuade him to start a museum next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('He has acquired 600 items .','This is what he says , enough to persuade him to start a museum next year .'))

Input: He makes snap judgments , says Kiyotaka Kori , the art gallery 's manager and Mr. Morishita 's secretary for more than seven years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes , he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher 's son .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in his silky white shirt .','He is stretching his arms .' ), 'He is squeaking his black shoes .' )CO/LIST('He lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate .','He boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher 's son .'))

Input: Not many people know the details of Mr. Morishita 's business , but it 's a source of rumors about shady dealings .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Morishita is the details of Mr. .','Not many people know Morishita 's business .' ), 'It 's a source of rumors about shady dealings .')

Input: He also owns courses in the U.S. and France .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I quit after one try , whether I win or lose , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('I quit .','I win or lose .' ), 'One try .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: Mr. Morishita says he intends to expand his business to many other areas at home and abroad .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morishita is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Morishita says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to many other areas at home and abroad .','He intends to expand his business .')))

Input: He co-founded the company with Grant Tinker and Mary Tyler Moore in 1969 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with Grant Tinker .','This was with Mary Tyler Moore .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1969 .','He co-founded the company .'))

Input: But it said that its consumer banks in Oregon , California , Nevada and Washington performed well during the quarter and that nonperforming assets at these banks declined by 14 % over the year-ago period .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the year-ago period .','That its consumer banks in Oregon , California , Nevada and Washington performed well during the quarter and that nonperforming assets at these banks declined by 14 % .'))

Input: Private-sector union contracts signed in the third quarter granted slightly lower wage increases than those signed in the second quarter , but wage increases still are running above last year 's levels .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Private-sector union contracts signed in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was .','Those signed in the second quarter .' ), 'The third quarter was granted slightly lower wage increases .' ), 'Wage increases still are running above last year 's levels .'))

Input: The Labor Department said wage settlements in the third quarter called for average annual wage increases of 3.6 % in the first year and 3.0 % over the life of the contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the life of the contracts .', CO/LIST('The third quarter was called for average annual wage increases of 3.6 % in the first year .','The third quarter was called for average annual wage increases of 3.6 % in 3.0 % .' ), 'The Labor Department said wage settlements .')))

Input: The last time parties to these settlements negotiated wage increases , mostly in 1986 or 1987 , wages increased an average of 2.4 % a year over the life of the contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the life of the contracts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was mostly in 1986 or 1987 .','The last time parties to these settlements negotiated wage increases , wages increased an average of 2.4 % a year .'))

Input: Settlements reached in the first nine months of 1989 called for wage increases averaging 3.7 % in the first contract year and 3.1 % annually over the life of the contracts , the department said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Settlements reached in the first nine months of 1989 called for wage increases .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the first contract year .','This was in 3.1 % .' ), ', Settlements reached in the first nine months of 1989 were averaging 3.7 % annually over the life of the contracts .' ), 'This was what the department said .'))

Input: For all of 1988 , union contracts provided for 2.5 % wage increases in the first year and 2.4 % over the life of the contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the life of the contracts .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the first year .','This was in 2.4 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for all of 1988 .','Union contracts provided for 2.5 % wage increases .')))

Input: In the second quarter , contracts called for increases of 3.9 % in the first year and 3.4 % over the life of the contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the life of the contracts .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the first year .','This was in 3.4 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the second quarter .',', Contracts called for increases of 3.9 % .')))

Input: The figures exclude lump-sum payments and cost-of-living adjustments , so the actual wage increases may have been bigger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The figures exclude lump-sum payments .','The figures exclude cost-of-living adjustments .' ), 'The actual wage increases may have been bigger .')

Input: Radio programs and books have followed the daily television show .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the process , Batibot , an archaic Filipino word meaning strong or enduring , has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Batibot was an archaic Filipino word meaning strong or enduring .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the process .','Batibot has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language .'))

Input: But while better-off Filipinos are quick to cite the logic in using a language as widespread as English , they are often slow to reveal that they are prejudiced against Filipino , say advocates of the native language .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds to the U.S. , in Philippine class structure , in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Philippine class structure .','This was to the U.S. in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography .' ), 'It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds .')

Input: But many proponents of Filipino see resistance to the language finally crumbling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the language .','The language is crumbling .' ), 'But many proponents of Filipino see resistance .')

Input: But advertising revenue is inadequate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are only two large puppets in the program : Pong Pagong and a monkey named Kiko Matsing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are only two large puppets in the program .', CO/LIST('Pong Pagong named Kiko Matsing .','A monkey named Kiko Matsing .'))

Input: And the show 's creativity makes up for any technological deficiencies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , CMS reported third-quarter net of $ 68.2 million , or 83 cents a share , up from $ 66.8 million , or 81 cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from $ 66.8 million , or 81 cents a share , a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', CMS reported third-quarter net of $ 68.2 million .',', CMS reported third-quarter net of 83 cents a share .')))

Input: HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('HEALTHDYNE Inc. was Atlanta .', SUB/ELABORATION('Home Nutritional Services Inc. were its subsidiary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what HEALTHDYNE Inc. said .','Its subsidiary registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common .')))

Input: The company said it expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and for general corporate purposes , including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for general corporate purposes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including establishing new operating centers and possible acquisitions .','It expects to use the proceeds to repay certain bank debt and .')))

Input: Black & Decker rescued Emhart from the takeover bid of Topper Limited Partnership last March by agreeing to acquire the maker of door locks and gardening tools for about $ 2.8 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the takeover bid of Topper Limited Partnership last March .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','Black & Decker rescued Emhart .' )CO/LIST('Black & Decker was agreeing to acquire the maker of door locks .','Black & Decker was agreeing to acquire gardening tools for about $ 2.8 billion .')))

Input: Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the information and electronics segment , the Dynapert electrical assembly business and Mallory Capacitors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on the auction block .','This was on the information and electronics segment .','This was on the Dynapert electrical assembly business .','This was on Mallory Capacitors .' ), 'Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses .')

Input: The company is still negotiating the sales of the other four units and expects to announce agreements by the end of the year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company is still negotiating the sales of the other four units .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the end of the year .','The company expects to announce agreements .'))

Input: Our divestiture program is on schedule , and we remain confident that we will achieve our stated goal of over $ 1 billion in net proceeds , said Nolan D. Archibald , Black & Decker 's president and chief executive officer , in a statement .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Embedded in the budget being concocted by the House-Senate conference committee is something that looks , smells and waddles like a duck .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Embedded in the budget is something .','The budget is being concocted by the House-Senate conference committee .' ), ', Something looks , smells and waddles like a duck .')

Input: Typically , Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a bid and a chance to use regulatory review as a delaying tactic .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a delaying tactic .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was typically .', CO/LIST('Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a bid to use regulatory review .','Hart-Scott is used now to give managers of target firms early news of a chance to use regulatory review .')))

Input: One especially dangerous aspect to the new tax would be that the proceeds will be used to increase the budgets of the antitrust division at Justice and the Federal Trade Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One especially dangerous aspect to the new tax would be .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was at Justice .','This was at the Federal Trade Commission .' ), 'The proceeds will be used to increase the budgets of the antitrust division .'))

Input: Michael Grobstein , 46 years old , was named vice chairman for planning , marketing and industry services , a new post .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Planning , marketing and industry services were a new post .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 46 years old .','Michael Grobstein was named vice chairman for planning , marketing and industry services .'))

Input: At a news conference , Mr. Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company , whose interests include insurance , banking , tuna canning , sugar and orange juice .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Fournier was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a news conference .','Fournier accused Paribas of planning to pay for the takeover by selling parts of the company .' )CO/LIST('The company 's interests include insurance .','The company 's interests include banking .','The company 's interests include tuna canning .','The company 's interests include sugar .','The company 's interests include orange juice .')))

Input: Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent-company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs -LRB- $ 754.4 million -RRB- , up from 633.8 million francs last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fournier was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fournier said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is up from 633.8 million francs last year .','Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent-company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs -LRB- $ 754.4 million -RRB- .')))

Input: Paribas still needs the go-ahead from the Commission des Operations de Bourse , a government regulatory agency , but analysts said that is considered likely .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Commission des Operations de Bourse is a government regulatory agency .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the Commission des Operations de Bourse .','Paribas still needs the go-ahead .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .','Is considered likely .')))

Input: The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much-larger Paribas .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The petition is still pending .', SUB/ELABORATION('Fournier was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the much-larger Paribas .','Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own .')))

Input: The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes will be used to reduce existing debt .','The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for general corporate purposes .','The company said .'))

Input: The 1986 Tax Reform Act has nearly eliminated the number of large , profitable corporations that do n't pay federal income tax , according to Citizens for Tax Justice , a nonprofit , labor-funded research and lobbying group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Citizens for Tax Justice , a nonprofit , labor-funded research and lobbying group .','The 1986 Tax Reform Act has nearly eliminated the number of large , profitable corporations .' ), 'The number of large , profitable corporations do n't pay federal income tax .')

Input: The report , released yesterday , comes as Congress is considering a number of special tax breaks only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation abolished or curtailed many loopholes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The report comes .','The report is released yesterday .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Congress is considering a number of special tax breaks .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation abolished .','Only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation curtailed many loopholes .')))

Input: In the corporate realm , the 1986 law abolished the investment-tax credit , scaled back use of an accounting method that allowed large contractors to defer taxes until a project was completed and strengthened the so-called alternative minimum tax , a levy to ensure all money-making businesses pay some federal tax .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , Kroger Co. , Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , CSX Corp. , Illinois Power Co. , Media General Inc. , Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. and Gulf States Utilities Co. , did n't pay any federal income tax last year although they garnered a total of $ 1.2 billion in profits , the group said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Kroger Co. was Pinnacle West Capital Corp. .','Kroger Co. was CSX Corp. .','Kroger Co. was Illinois Power Co. .','Kroger Co. was Media General Inc. .','Kroger Co. was Santa Fe Southern Pacific Corp. .','Kroger Co. was Gulf States Utilities Co. .' ), ', Still , Kroger Co. did n't pay any federal income tax last year although they garnered a total of $ 1.2 billion in profits , the group said .')

Input: He retains his titles of president and chief operating officer and succeeds as chief executive Howard O. Painter Jr. , who remains chairman of the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Howard O. Painter Jr. is chief executive .', CO/LIST('He retains his titles of president and chief operating officer .','He succeeds as Howard O. Painter Jr. .' ), 'Howard O. Painter Jr. remains chairman of the board .'))

Input: In search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue , investment bankers are turning to -- who else ? The Japanese .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's .','This is in search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Saks Fifth Avenue .' ), 'Investment bankers are turning to -- who else ? The Japanese .')

Input: But so far Japan 's cash-rich retailers are proving to be cautious shoppers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japanese retail executives say the main reason they are reluctant to jump into the fray in the U.S. is that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what japanese retail executives say .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The main reason is .','They are reluctant to jump into the fray in the U.S. . The main reason .' ), '-- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles .'))

Input: The Japanese have watched the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market , and they fret that business practices that have won them huge profits at home wo n't translate into success in the U.S. .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Japanese have watched the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market .', SUB/ELABORATION('They fret .', SUB/ELABORATION('Business practices wo n't translate into success in the U.S. .','Business practices have won them huge profits at home .')))

Input: Britain 's B.A.T Industries PLC is trying to unwind its U.S. retailing operations , which include such well-known stores as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's , Breuners and Ivey 's .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Britain 's B.A.T Industries PLC is trying to unwind its U.S. retailing operations .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as Saks Fifth Avenue .','This is as Marshall Field 's .','This is as Breuners .','This is as Ivey 's .' ), 'Its U.S. retailing operations include such well-known stores .'))

Input: And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on Campeau .','This was on its stores .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Bloomingdale 's .','Paying off that debt put such a squeeze that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire .'))

Input: Hoping to avoid another takeover , Mr. Traub retained Blackstone Group and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help him find partners for a management-led buy-out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Traub was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Traub was hoping to avoid another takeover .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a management-led buy-out .','Traub retained Blackstone Group and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help him find partners .')))

Input: When you look at the economics , Traub needs a Japanese and a European partner to make it work , says one investment banker who follows the retail industry .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake in Tiffany & Co. to 13 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Tiffany & Co. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 13 % .','And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake .'))

Input: Through the longstanding relationship between the two companies , Mitsukoshi has opened 22 Tiffany shops in its stores and arcades in Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its stores and arcades .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through the longstanding relationship between the two companies .','Mitsukoshi has opened 22 Tiffany shops .')))

Input: Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what company officials say .', CO/CONTRAST('They are studying various proposals .','They wo n't discuss details .'))

Input: Eiji Nakazato , a Takashimaya general manager , admits that his company 's image is similar to Saks 's and that there is some interest in the idea .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eiji Nakazato is a Takashimaya general manager .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Eiji Nakazato admits .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('His company 's image is similar to Saks 's .','His company 's image is similar to that .' ), 'There is some interest in the idea .')))

Input: But it looks tough .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It said the regular 1988 deficit amounted to $ 43.5 million , based on revenue of $ 74.4 million and expenses of $ 117.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was based on revenue of $ 74.4 million .','This was based on expenses of $ 117.9 million .' ), 'The regular 1988 deficit amounted to $ 43.5 million .'))

Input: But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for its radio station .','But it said extraordinary expenditures .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 57.2 million .','But restoration of buildings increased the deficit .'))

Input: Council member Cardinal Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald Carter is Cardinal .','Gerald Carter is Council member .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald Carter is Cardinal .','Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole .'))

Input: The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. in Bethlehem and is marketed in a package decorated with green , black , red and white stripes .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Bethlehem .','The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The spaghetti is marketed in a package .','A package was decorated with green , black , red and white stripes .'))

Input: The charities regularly sell used stamps , which they collect from children and other donors , to raise funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The charities regularly sell used stamps to raise funds .', CO/LIST('They collect from children .','They collect from other donors used stamps .'))

Input: The company 's U.S. subsidiary , Matsushita Electric Corp. of America , had donated over $ 35,000 worth of Matsushita-made flashlights and batteries to residents shortly after the disaster , a company spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Matsushita Electric Corp. of America was the company 's U.S. subsidiary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to residents .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was shortly after the disaster .','The company 's U.S. subsidiary had donated over $ 35,000 worth of Matsushita-made flashlights and batteries .' ), 'This was what a company spokesman said .')))

Input: But attendance is down from previous years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Di Giorgio Corp. said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Di Giorgio Corp. said .','It 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units .' ), 'Di Giorgio Corp. has reached no agreement on any deals .')

Input: Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Di Giorgio is a food wholesaler and building products maker .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Acquisition Corp. is DIG .','Acquisition Corp. is a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. .','Di Giorgio is seeking alternatives .')))

Input: Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bond prices fell .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was against most major currencies .', CO/LIST('Only slightly rose a little .','The dollar rose a little .'))))

Input: The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nigel Lawson was the Exchequer .', CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The dollar rose modestly against the mark .','The dollar rose modestly against the yen .' ), 'The dollar soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer .'))

Input: Analysts have complained that third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Analysts have complained .','Third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good .' ), 'The effect hit home particularly hard yesterday .')

Input: In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 1.8353 marks Wednesday .','This was compared with 141.52 yen Wednesday .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in late New York trading .', CO/LIST('The dollar was at 1.8400 marks .','The dollar was at 142.10 yen .')))

Input: An estimated $ 40 million would come annually from a new $ 20,000 charge on pre-merger notifications to the Justice Department , and Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Justice Department .','An estimated $ 40 million would come annually from a new $ 20,000 charge on pre-merger notifications .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % .','This is to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget .'))

Input: Yesterday 's vote on Japanese-American reparations ensures final enactment of the entitlement provision , which abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts but is seen as a more realistic path to expediting compensation first authorized in 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yesterday 's vote on Japanese-American reparations ensures final enactment of the entitlement provision .', CO/CONTRAST('The entitlement provision abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts .', SUB/ELABORATION('The entitlement provision is seen as a more realistic path to expediting compensation .',', Compensation was authorized in 1988 .')))

Input: No payments would be made this year , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the bill commits the government to annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of $ 1.25 billion is met .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('No payments would be made this year .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to annual payments of as much as $ 500 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is beginning in fiscal 1991 .','The bill commits the government .' ), 'The total liability of $ 1.25 billion is met .')))

Input: The measure provides $ 321 million to maintain services but would sharply curb the power of the current board until successors are agreed to by the Bush administration .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The measure provides $ 321 million to maintain services .', SUB/CONDITION('The measure would sharply curb the power of the current board .',', Successors are agreed to by the Bush administration .'))

Input: And on back-to-back roll calls , 206-199 and 223-178 , the Appropriations Committee leadership turned back efforts to weaken or strip the proposed restrictions first added by Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Warren Rudman was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('R. was N.H. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was 206-199 and 223-178 .','And on back-to-back roll calls the Appropriations Committee leadership turned back efforts .' ), 'This was to weaken or strip the proposed restrictions first added by Warren Rudman -LRB- R. -RRB- .')))

Input: The estimated $ 40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission , which both face serious cuts if the income is n't realized .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The estimated $ 40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division .','The estimated $ 40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Federal Trade Commission .' )SUB/CONDITION('The Federal Trade Commission both face serious cuts .','The income is n't realized .'))

Input: The Federal Bureau of Investigation is slated to receive $ 30 million by charging for fingerprint services in civil cases , and the judiciary will rely on another $ 32 million from bankruptcy charges , including a 33 % increase in the current filing fee .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by charging for fingerprint services in civil cases .','The Federal Bureau of Investigation is slated to receive $ 30 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is including a 33 % increase in the current filing fee .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from bankruptcy charges .','The judiciary will rely on another $ 32 million .')))

Input: The $ 17.2 billion total for the bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.2 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds approved by the House-Senate conference yesterday , and the rush of money is already provoking jealousy among states competing for assistance .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in supplemental anti-drug funds yesterday .',', Supplemental anti-drug funds were approved by the House-Senate conference .' ), 'The $ 17.2 billion total for the bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.2 billion .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is among states competing for assistance .','The rush of money is already provoking jealousy .'))

Input: The House agreed to defer for a year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants but , by a 287-123 margin , the chamber stripped a Senate initiative to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as New Hampshire and Delaware , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The House agreed to defer for a year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a 287-123 margin .','The chamber stripped a Senate initiative .' ), 'This was to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as New Hampshire and Delaware , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 .'))

Input: The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. was The Big Three .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in their core North American automotive businesses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .','U.S. auto makers posted losses .' ), 'Expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period .')))

Input: As Japanese auto makers gained market share , the Big Three , with GM in the lead , slashed North American production and launched a retail discounting blitz .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Japanese auto makers gained market share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with GM in the lead .','The Big Three slashed North American production and launched a retail discounting blitz .'))

Input: But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains , and domestic car sales have plunged 19 % since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains .', SUB/CAUSE('But domestic car sales have plunged 19 % .','The Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 .'))

Input: If sales do n't pick up , the cuts will go deeper and incentives will sprout again .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION(', Sales do n't pick up .','The cuts will go deeper .' ), 'Incentives will sprout again .')

Input: The Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker ran a loss of $ 37 million on assembling and marketing cars in the U.S. , a deterioration of $ 378 million in that line from the 1988 quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. was a deterioration of $ 378 million in that line from the 1988 quarter .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on .','The Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker ran a loss of $ 37 million .' ), 'The Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker was assembling and marketing cars in the U.S. .'))

Input: Ford managed to show a profit for the quarter primarily because of earnings from overseas auto operations and financial services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for the quarter primarily because of earnings from overseas auto operations .','This was for the quarter primarily because of earnings from financial services .' ), 'Ford managed to show a profit .')

Input: A year earlier , Ford reported record net of $ 856.3 million , or $ 1.78 a share , on revenue of $ 20.38 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 20.38 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ford reported record net of $ 856.3 million .','Ford reported record net of $ 1.78 a share .')))

Input: In the latest nine months , Ford earned $ 3.52 billion , or $ 7.51 a share , compared with $ 4.14 billion , or $ 8.53 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 4.14 billion .','This was compared with $ 8.53 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the latest nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ford earned $ 3.52 billion .','Ford earned $ 7.51 a share .')))

Input: Still , Mr. McCammon said Ford expects the U.S. economy to weaken through the end of 1990 , causing weaker sales and production .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McCammon was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what McCammon said .','Ford expects the U.S. economy to weaken through the end of 1990 , causing weaker sales and production .'))

Input: In the 1988 fourth quarter , Ford had net of $ 1.16 billion , or $ 2.42 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 fourth quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ford had net of $ 1.16 billion .','Ford had net of $ 2.42 a share .'))

Input: A year earlier , Chrysler 's net was $ 113 million , or 50 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Chrysler 's net was $ 113 million .',', Chrysler 's net was 50 cents a share .'))

Input: Mr. Miller said costs of incentives caused a moderate loss in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Miller was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Miller said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business .',', Costs of incentives caused a moderate loss .')))

Input: He said the loss was n't that much different from Ford 's $ 37 million loss on U.S. automotive operations , but he declined to be specific .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The loss was n't that much different from Ford 's $ 37 million loss on U.S. automotive operations .' ), 'He declined to be specific .')

Input: But analysts estimated that GM had a loss of as much as $ 300 million on domestic vehicle operations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts estimated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on domestic vehicle operations .','GM had a loss of as much as $ 300 million .'))

Input: But GM 's results also illustrate the increasing diversity of its operations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In one breakdown , GM attributed half of its net to its two big technology units , Electronic Data Systems Corp. and GM Hughes Electronics Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to its two big technology units .','This was to Electronic Data Systems Corp. .','This was to GM Hughes Electronics Corp .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in one breakdown .','GM attributed half of its net .'))

Input: Measure for Measure is one of Shakespeare 's problem plays , so named because it does not fit neatly into a category such as tragedy , comedy or history .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Measure for Measure is one of Shakespeare 's problem plays .', SUB/CAUSE('One of Shakespeare 's problem plays was so named .','It does not fit neatly into a category such as tragedy , comedy or history .'))

Input: Last season , Hartford Stage director Mark Lamos mounted a production at Lincoln Center , and currently two other productions -- one just closed at the Old Globe in San Diego and another now at the Seattle Rep -- overlap with Mr. Boyd 's .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Mark Lamos was Hartford Stage director .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Lincoln Center .','Last season , Mark Lamos mounted a production .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Boyd is Mr. .',', Currently two other productions -- one just closed at the Old Globe in San Diego and another now at the Seattle Rep -- overlap with Boyd 's .')))

Input: For the Alley production , scene designer Peter David Gould has arranged a stark but extremely effective set featuring a rectangular platform of white-washed boards that extends into the audience .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter David Gould was scene designer .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was for the Alley production .','Peter David Gould has arranged a stark but extremely effective set featuring a rectangular platform of white-washed boards .' ), 'A rectangular platform of white-washed boards extends into the audience .'))

Input: When Isabella -LRB- Ellen Lauren -RRB- confronts her brother Claudio -LRB- Matt Loney -RRB- in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom ; when Isabella and the disguised Duke -LRB- Philip Kerr -RRB- conspire to trick Angelo ; and when Mariana -LRB- Annalee Jefferies -RRB- , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy and intelligence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Claudio is her brother .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to life with intense energy and intelligence .','When Isabella -LRB- Ellen Lauren -RRB- confronts Claudio -LRB- Matt Loney -RRB- in his cell , explaining the price ; when Isabella and the disguised Duke -LRB- Philip Kerr -RRB- conspire to trick Angelo ; and when Mariana -LRB- Annalee Jefferies -RRB- , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points .' ), ', She has been asked to secure his freedom the price .'))

Input: Mr. Boyd is of the directorial school that believes one must find modern parallels or metaphors to make Shakespeare accessible to today 's audiences .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boyd is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Boyd is of the directorial school .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the directorial school believes .', SUB/PURPOSE('One must find modern parallels or metaphors .','This is to make Shakespeare accessible to today 's audiences .'))))

Input: It 's a valid approach , but it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's a valid approach .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste .','It puts a heavy burden .'))

Input: When the opportunist Lucio -LRB- Jack Stehlin -RRB- visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate , Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear , but brings along a voluptuous companion -LRB- Jill Powell -RRB- , not in Shakespeare 's script , to undulate lasciviously .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lucio is the opportunist .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lucio -LRB- Jack Stehlin -RRB- visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate .', CO/CONTRAST('Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear .', SUB/PURPOSE('Lucio not only brings along a voluptuous companion -LRB- Jill Powell -RRB- , not in Shakespeare 's script .','This is to undulate lasciviously .'))))

Input: The problem here is not in the concept but in its lack of discrimination .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler , head of Theatre Communications Group , to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter Zeisler was head of Theatre Communications Group .', CO/LIST('Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment .','Her dismissal led Peter Zeisler to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board .'))

Input: None of this backlash could change the fact that Ms. Brown 's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brown was the fact that Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('None of this backlash could change .','Brown 's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative .'))

Input: Not only is Mr. Boyd giving the theater a new sense of adventure and excitement on stage , the balance sheet is the best the theater has had in 10 years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boyd was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Not only is Boyd giving the theater a new sense of adventure and excitement on stage , the balance sheet is the best .','The theater has had in 10 years the best .'))

Input: Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , Steel Magnolias , helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Last season 's runaway hit was Steel Magnolias .', CO/CONTRAST('Admittedly last season 's runaway hit helped a lot .', SUB/ELABORATION('Admittedly last season 's runaway hit so did cost .',', Cost was cutting .' ), 'Other measures insisted on by the board .')))

Input: But it is clear he is going to give it a shot .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Democratic leaders have bottled up President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut in the Senate and may be able to prevent a vote on the issue indefinitely .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Senate .','Democratic leaders have bottled up Bush 's capital-gains tax cut .' ), 'Democratic leaders may be able to prevent a vote on the issue indefinitely .'))

Input: The 60-vote requirement will be there and they do n't have the 60 votes , Sen. Mitchell said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitchell was Sen. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The 60-vote requirement will be there .','They do n't have the 60 votes .' ), 'This was what Mitchell said .'))

Input: Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster , or extended debate .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Democrats were threatening a filibuster .','Democrats were threatening extended debate .'))

Input: And they threatened to try to amend any other revenue bill in the Senate with the capital-gains provision .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the capital-gains provision .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Senate .','And they threatened to try to amend any other revenue bill .'))

Input: The transaction , for cash and stock , would represent the biggest European takeover since 1980 for New York-based Marsh & McLennan , the world 's largest insurance broker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('New York-based Marsh & McLennan is the world 's largest insurance broker .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for New York-based Marsh & McLennan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for cash and stock .','The transaction would represent the biggest European takeover since 1980 .')))

Input: Analysts speculated that Marsh & McLennan would spend between 250 million marks -LRB- $ 136.4 million -RRB- and 350 million marks for the rest of Gradmann & Holler , or roughly 25 to 30 times the private firm 's estimated earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts speculated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the rest of Gradmann & Holler .', CO/LIST('Marsh & McLennan would spend between 250 million marks -LRB- $ 136.4 million -RRB- the private firm 's estimated earnings .','Marsh & McLennan would spend between 350 million marks , or roughly 25 to 30 times the private firm 's estimated earnings .')))

Input: But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way they do business in Europe because they believe the European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Europe .','They do business the way .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they believe .','The European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies .')))

Input: Mr. Kiep said he sought the combination because all our large clients in Germany are becoming European companies or multinational companies and they expect an insurance broker to serve them as well in Paris as in Germany .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kiep was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kiep said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('He sought the combination because all our large clients in Germany are becoming European companies and they expect an insurance broker to serve them as well in Paris as in Germany .','He sought the combination because all our large clients in Germany are becoming multinational companies and they expect an insurance broker to serve them as well in Paris as in Germany .')))

Input: Furukawa Electric Co. said it plans to increase production of computer memory devices on a large scale in the U.S. and Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Furukawa Electric Co. said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is on a large scale in the U.S. and Japan .','It plans to increase production of computer memory devices .'))

Input: The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the computer maker said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 58 million a year earlier .','This was from $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net jumped to $ 87 million .','Net jumped to $ 2.02 a share .')))

Input: The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. .','This was in the carrying value of a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The latest quarter 's results included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million .','The latest quarter 's results included a pretax gain of 20 cents a share .')))

Input: Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net for the nine months was $ 254 million .','Net for the nine months was $ 5.94 a share .'))

Input: Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million , or 15 cents a share , in the carrying value of the Conner investment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the carrying value of the Conner investment .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of $ 9.7 million .','Net for the year-earlier nine months also included a gain of 15 cents a share .'))

Input: Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international -LCB- sales -RCB- represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is over the next couple of years .', CO/LIST('We would not be surprised to see Europe represent 50 % of the company 's revenues .','We would not be surprised to see international -LCB- sales -RCB- represent 50 % of the company 's revenues .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the third quarter .',', Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland .' ), 'A former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland will be used for international service and repair operations .')

Input: Diversified Investment Group Inc. said it agreed to be acquired by Star States Corp. for stock valued at $ 13.75 a share , or about $ 24.4 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Diversified Investment Group Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It agreed to be acquired by Star States Corp. for stock .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Stock was valued at $ 13.75 a share .',', Stock was valued at about $ 24.4 million .')))

Input: The agreement is subject to regulatory approval and resolution of lawsuits brought by certain Diversified holders in connection with the proposed merger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The agreement is subject to regulatory approval and resolution of lawsuits .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the proposed merger .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in connection .','Lawsuits were brought by certain Diversified holders .')))

Input: Chandler Insurance Co. said it expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to $ 2.8 million , or 51 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chandler Insurance Co. said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to $ 2.8 million .','It expects to report third-quarter net income jumped 97 % to 51 cents a share .'))

Input: In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a restated basis .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 16.5 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million .','The automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of 48 cents a share .'))))

Input: In an interview , W. Brent LeGere , chairman and chief executive officer , said he expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('W. Brent LeGere was chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what W. Brent LeGere said in an interview .','He expects revenue in the latest quarter to total about $ 28 million .'))

Input: Mr. LeGere attributed the earnings increase to growth in the company 's longhaul trucking insurance lines and the ability to keep premium rates firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('LeGere was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to growth in the company 's longhaul trucking insurance lines .','This was to the ability to keep premium rates firm .' ), 'LeGere attributed the earnings increase .'))

Input: The maker of water-treatment chemicals and equipment said it will select the plant site early next year , and production is expected to begin in 1991 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the maker of water-treatment chemicals and equipment said .','It will select the plant site early next year .' ), 'Production is expected to begin in 1991 .')

Input: Call Jim Wright 's office in downtown Fort Worth , Texas , these days and the receptionist still answers the phone , Speaker Wright 's office .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Fort Worth is office in downtown .',', Call Jim Wright 's Fort Worth , Texas , these days .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Wright is Speaker .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wright 's office is the phone .','The receptionist still answers the phone .')))

Input: Michael Deaver , the former White House aide , has become the most recent addition to the teeming ranks of fallen politicians and officials earning their way as lobbyists and consultants here .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Deaver was the former White House aide .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the teeming ranks of fallen politicians and officials .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as lobbyists and consultants .','Fallen politicians and officials were earning their way here .' ), 'Michael Deaver has become the most recent addition .')))

Input: But many have .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As if he were still in his old job , Mr. Wright , by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job , by law enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance , three paid staffers , up to $ 67,000 for stationery and telephones and continued use of the franking privilege .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wright was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wright was his old job .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by law .','This was by resigning with his title instead of being forced from his job .' ), 'As if he were still in his old job enjoys a $ 120,000 annual office expense allowance , three paid staffers , up to $ 67,000 for stationery and telephones and continued use of the franking privilege .')))

Input: When someone says , I 've turned to God , everybody lays off , observes Frank Mankiewicz , an old Washington hand and former aide to Robert Kennedy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it does n't always work so smoothly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He is now in solo law practice in Washington .', CO/LIST('His fees have been meager .', SUB/PURPOSE('He failed in efforts .','This was to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book .')))

Input: From time to time he returns to the monastery for prayer , meditation and pro bono legal work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to time .','This is from time .' )CO/LIST('He returns to the monastery for prayer .','He returns to the monastery for meditation .','He returns to the monastery for pro bono legal work .'))

Input: It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged -LRB- and then cleared -RRB- on allegations of public drunkenness .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It did n't help .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1986 .',', She was charged -LRB- and then cleared -RRB- on allegations of public drunkenness .'))

Input: I cut my losses and ran , she says , from her new home in Colorado , where she is busy remodeling .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('I cut my losses .','I ran .' ), 'This is what she says , from her new home in Colorado .' ), ', She is busy remodeling .')

Input: You could say she survived , but it was n't easy on her .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('You could say .',', She survived .' ), 'It was n't easy on her .')

Input: Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for No Excuses jeans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for No Excuses jeans .','Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame lost her modeling contract .'))

Input: Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran-Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college , according to a recent fund-raising appeal sent out on his behalf .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Secord was the retired Air Force general .','The retired Air Force general was felled in the Iran-Contra scandal .' )CO/LIST('Richard Secord is all but ruined .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a recent fund-raising appeal .','Forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college sent out on his behalf .')))

Input: Sex scandals make people look careless and silly , and one of the worst sins in Washington is to be laughed at .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sex scandals make .','People look careless and silly .' ), 'One of the worst sins in Washington is to be laughed at .')

Input: You can be wicked , but not foolish , says Mr. Mankiewicz .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Now he is writing a book , serving on an elite foreign policy advisory board and consulting for an array of corporate clients , including British publishing mogul Robert Maxwell .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Maxwell is British publishing mogul .', CO/LIST('Now he is writing a book .','Now he is serving on an elite foreign policy advisory board .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including Robert Maxwell .','Now he is consulting for an array of corporate clients .')))

Input: After a few weeks in seclusion , Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby ; that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Mack was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after a few weeks in seclusion .','Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by registering as a lobbyist .','That would require him to disclose his clients .')))

Input: Raymond Donovan , the New Jersey construction executive who was forced to resign as labor secretary and indicted in 1985 , only to be acquitted of fraud charges , often calls other scandal-tossed public figures to offer a sympathetic ear .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Raymond Donovan is the New Jersey construction executive .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was only .','The New Jersey construction executive was forced to resign as labor secretary to be acquitted of fraud charges .' ), 'The New Jersey construction executive was indicted in 1985 , only to be acquitted of fraud charges .' ), 'Raymond Donovan often calls other scandal-tossed public figures to offer a sympathetic ear .'))

Input: The expected Canadian move has been welcomed by the Bush administration even though Canada has opposed such U.S. actions as the trade embargo against Cuba , the invasion of Grenada and the military support for Nicaragua 's Contra guerrillas .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The expected Canadian move has been welcomed by the Bush administration .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was as the trade embargo against Cuba .','This was as the invasion of Grenada .','This was as the military support for Nicaragua 's Contra guerrillas .' ), ', Canada has opposed such U.S. actions .'))

Input: Canada has a larger and more beneficial role to play in the hemisphere , Mr. Mulroney said recently .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mulroney was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Canada has a larger and more beneficial role to play in the hemisphere .','This was what Mulroney said recently .'))

Input: As a fan of older movies from the 1920s on , I do not find modern comedies contain violence , sex and foul language to any greater degree than other recent movies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to any greater degree than other recent movies .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on .','This is as a fan of older movies from the 1920s .' ), 'I do not find modern comedies contain violence , sex and foul language .'))

Input: For example , one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy Kind Hearts and Coronets , in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives -LRB- all played by Alec Guinness -RRB- because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','One of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy Kind Hearts and Coronets .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Dennis Price was actor .','The entire comedy is based on Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives -LRB- all played by Alec Guinness -RRB- because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title in the 1949 British comedy Kind Hearts and Coronets .'))

Input: The Thin Man series of movies , as well as many others , based their entire comedic appeal on the star detectives ' witty quips and puns as other characters in the movies were murdered .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the star detectives ' witty quips and puns .','The Thin Man series of movies , as well as many others , based their entire comedic appeal .' ), 'Other characters in the movies were murdered .')

Input: Keep in mind that this is the same movie in which a character is flattened by a steamroller only to pop right back up and peer in the window of a Boeing 747 -- from the outside -- as it takes off .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sex and violence are routinely included even when they are irrelevant to the script , and high-tech special effects are continually substituted for good plot and character development .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sex and violence are routinely included even .','They are irrelevant to the script .' ), 'High-tech special effects are continually substituted for good plot and character development .')

Input: In short , we have a movie and television industry that is either incapable or petrified of making a movie unless it carries a PG-13 or R rating .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in short .','We have a movie and television industry .' ), 'A movie and television industry is either incapable or petrified of making a movie .' ), 'It carries a PG-13 or R rating .')

Input: The Clarksburg , W.Va. , producer of gas and oil , said it wants shareholders to approve the split because it would enhance the marketability and trading of the stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('W.Va . was producer of gas and oil .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Clarksburg , W.Va . said .','It wants shareholders to approve the split because it would enhance the marketability and trading of the stock .'))

Input: If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from 50 million .','If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million .' ), 'If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny .')

Input: Terms were n't disclosed , but Duriron said the deal will be completed through an exchange of stock .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Terms were n't disclosed .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Duriron said .','The deal will be completed through an exchange of stock .'))

Input: Duriron , a maker of pumps , valves and other controls , said the acquisition wo n't impact its 1989 profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Duriron was a maker of pumps , valves and other controls .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Duriron said .','The acquisition wo n't impact its 1989 profit .'))

Input: The remaining 51 % of the joint venture will be controlled by Polish lubricants manufacturers , refiners and technical institutes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Explonaft will develop application guidelines for lubricants , sell high-quality mineral oils , and offer services in industrial cleaning and related fields .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for lubricants .','Explonaft will develop application guidelines .' ), 'Explonaft will sell high-quality mineral oils .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in industrial cleaning .','This was in related fields .' ), 'Explonaft will offer services .'))

Input: Burmah , which has a strong market position supplying marine lubricants and metal-working fluids in Poland , described the joint venture as fairly small .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as fairly small .','Burmah described the joint venture .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Burmah has a strong market position .', CO/LIST('A strong market position is supplying marine lubricants .','A strong market position is supplying metal-working fluids in Poland .')))

Input: Du Pont Co. reported that third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Du Pont Co. reported .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year ago on the strength of the company 's operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in various chemicals and fibers , and in petroleum .','Third-quarter profit grew a robust 19 % .')))

Input: Du Pont , unlike companies hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics , is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is unlike companies .',', Companies were hurt badly by sharp price declines for basic chemicals and plastics .' ), 'Du Pont is benefiting from its broad range of businesses .')

Input: The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market , for which the company is a supplier , and a strengthening in the dollar , which lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('The profit gain was made despite a weakening in the housing market .', CO/LIST('The company is a supplier .','The company is a strengthening in the dollar for the housing market .' ), 'The dollar lowers the value of overseas earnings when they are translated into dollars .'))

Input: The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million .','The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 2.36 a share .' ), 'Net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , was in line with Wall Street estimates .')

Input: In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 461 million .','The company earned $ 1.91 a share .'))

Input: A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A spokesman for Seagram was the Montreal wine and spirits concern .','The Montreal wine and spirits concern were controlled by the Bronfman family .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for Seagram said .','The company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends .'))

Input: The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Titanium dioxide was a white pigment .','A white pigment was used in paints , paper and plastics .' )CO/LIST('The company benefited from continued strong demand .','The company benefited from higher selling prices for titanium dioxide .'))

Input: Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment .','Profit climbed to $ 98 million .' ), 'Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume .')

Input: And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 122 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets .','And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million .'))

Input: For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Du Pont earned $ 2 billion .','Du Pont earned $ 8.46 a share .')))

Input: Western European leaders who favor speedy economic and monetary union are adding a new argument to their arsenal : the dizzying political changes under way in Eastern Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to their arsenal .','Western European leaders are adding a new argument : the dizzying political changes under way in Eastern Europe .' ), 'Western European leaders favor speedy economic and monetary union .')

Input: This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is to East .','This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries to flow from West .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is to East .', CO/LIST('This would allow greater economic aid to flow from West .','This would allow technological know-how to flow from West .')))

Input: The only response to the challenge being presented to us by the East , Mr. Mitterrand told the European Parliament in Strasbourg yesterday , is to reinforce and accelerate the union and cohesion of the European Community .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitterrand is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The only response to the challenge , Mitterrand told the European Parliament in Strasbourg yesterday , is to reinforce and accelerate the union and cohesion of the European Community .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was by the East .','The challenge is being presented to us .')))

Input: Mr. Mitterrand proposed that a conference be convened next fall to write a new treaty for the EC allowing a European central bank , and that the treaty be ratified by 1992 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitterrand was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mitterrand proposed .','That a conference be convened next fall to write a new treaty for the EC allowing a European central bank , and that the treaty be ratified by 1992 .'))

Input: Says a European strategist : The U.S. tends to look at Eastern Europe -LCB- not including the Soviet Union -RCB- as Europe looks at Latin America : important but far away .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Margaret Thatcher is British Prime Minister .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite sudden changes in the strategic equation .',', Some Western European leaders , especially Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite sudden changes in the strategic equation .',', Some Western European leaders , especially Margaret Thatcher , are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds .')))

Input: But British analysts are beginning to link the issues .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For Poland and Hungary we need to think about a stick-and-carrot economic approach that would force them to price things realistically in return for removing all our tariff barriers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is for Poland and Hungary .','We need to think about a stick-and-carrot economic approach .' ), 'A stick-and-carrot economic approach would force them to price things realistically in return for removing all our tariff barriers .')

Input: But they have n't yet drawn the operational policy conclusions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He adds : We , and the rest of the EC have to talk to the Germans , now , frankly and raise these future risks with them .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He adds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with them .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .', CO/LIST('We have to talk to the Germans frankly and raise these future risks .','The rest of the EC have to talk to the Germans frankly and raise these future risks .'))))

Input: He adds : Once both sides feel comfortable , it should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He adds .', SUB/ELABORATION('Both sides feel comfortable .','It should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East .'))

Input: Kyle Technology Corp. said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kyle Technology Corp. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('A Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent .','This was to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share .'))

Input: Separately , Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars -LRB- $ 4 million -RRB- , or 12 Canadian cents a share , for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the fiscal-first quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars -LRB- $ 4 million -RRB- .','Dominion Textile posted 12 Canadian cents a share .' ), 'The fiscal-first quarter was ended Sept. 30 .')))

Input: The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million .','The company had a net loss of 14 Canadian cents a share .'))

Input: Ohbayashi officials said the purchase was undertaken to participate in ventures in and around New York City .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ohbayashi officials said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in and around New York City .','The purchase was undertaken to participate in ventures .'))

Input: H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under management of about $ 17 billion .','U.S. Trust Corp. was a private-banking firm with assets .' ), 'H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. .')

Input: But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it flattery .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schwarz is Mr. .', CO/LIST('But Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses .','But Schwarz is calling it flattery .'))

Input: We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , Mr. Schwarz says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schwarz is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('We have always taken smaller accounts .', SUB/ELABORATION('Now we are looking for smaller accounts .',', Smaller accounts will grow .' ), 'This is what Schwarz says .')))

Input: Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Schwarz was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('F.A.O. Schwarz was the New York toy store .',', Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded F.A.O. Schwarz .' ), 'His family no longer has ties to the company .'))

Input: Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Roberts is Mr. .','Roberts continues as treasurer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Wonham is Mr. .','Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services .'))

Input: Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Frederick B. Taylor was 48 .', SUB/ELABORATION('A vice chairman and chief investment officer were a new post .','Frederick B. Taylor also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer .'))

Input: Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Taylor was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Taylor also was named a director .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 22 .','Taylor also was increasing the board .' ), 'Taylor also is not part of the new office of the chairman .')))

Input: Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the fiscal first quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It earned $ 5.2 million .','It earned seven cents a share .')))

Input: In the 1988 period , the company earned $ 20.6 million , or 26 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 20.6 million .','The company earned 26 cents a share .'))

Input: But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was well into the summer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for its newest computers .','But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand .'))

Input: Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts have said .', CO/LIST(', Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. .',', Sun also is vulnerable to competition from Next Inc .' ), 'International Business Machines Corp. plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year .'))

Input: Mr. Rogers , who was president and chief operating officer of Equifax , will retain his position as president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Rogers is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as president .','Rogers will retain his position .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Rogers was Mr. .','Rogers was president and chief operating officer of Equifax .')))

Input: A merchant bank and investment fund have agreed to co-sponsor a reorganization plan to bring Sharon Steel Corp. out of Chapter 11 proceedings and to acquire the company 's steel-related assets in a transaction valued at more than $ 300 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a transaction .','A transaction was valued at more than $ 300 million .' ), 'A merchant bank and investment fund have agreed to co-sponsor a reorganization plan to bring Sharon Steel Corp. out of Chapter 11 proceedings and to acquire the company 's steel-related assets .')

Input: Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for a combination of cash .','This is for the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities .' ), 'They would acquire the assets .'))

Input: Castle Harlan and Quantum said the plan is expected to be filed within 60 days with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Pittsburgh .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Castle Harlan and Quantum said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Pittsburgh .','The plan is expected to be filed within 60 days with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court .'))

Input: Castle Harlan said that such financing is already being sought and that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee and other Sharon creditors over the next few days .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Castle Harlan said .', CO/LIST('That such financing is already being sought .', CO/LIST('That such financing that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee .','That such financing that a formal proposal would be made to other Sharon creditors over the next few days .')))

Input: Mr. Posner resigned as president and chief executive officer of Sharon in April 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Posner was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in April 1988 .','Posner resigned as president and chief executive officer of Sharon .'))

Input: He remains chairman , but wields little power at the company .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He remains chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the company .','He wields little power .'))

Input: The Castle Harlan group includes Walter Sieckman , former chief operating officer of Sharon , and Wolfgang Jansen , former executive vice president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolfgang Jansen is former executive vice president .', CO/LIST('The Castle Harlan group includes Walter Sieckman .','The Castle Harlan group includes former chief operating officer of Sharon .','The Castle Harlan group includes Wolfgang Jansen .'))

Input: Two old friends , George Bush and Deng Xiaoping , are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('George Bush and Deng Xiaoping are two old friends .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to U.S.-China ties .','Two old friends are trying to limit further damage .'))

Input: And he told the physicist that China 's leaders were very much concerned about the deaths and had arranged aid for the victims ' families .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he told the physicist .', CO/LIST(', China 's leaders were very much concerned about the deaths .',', China 's leaders had arranged aid for the victims ' families .'))

Input: He says that the Chinese never asked him to convey their statements to President Bush , but that the White House spontaneously invited him to do so .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what that asked .','Him to convey their statements to Bush , but that the White House spontaneously invited him to do so .')))

Input: But he may not have a choice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Beijing officials have said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is against those .','They will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation .' ), 'Those participated in the demonstrations .'))

Input: So far , the victims are officially considered evil-doers , and their families receive no compensation .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .','The victims are officially considered evil-doers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is so far .','Their families receive no compensation .'))

Input: In the U.S. , there are still people who want to crush China and interfere in our internal affairs , Zhu Qizhen , China 's new ambassador to the U.S. , said as he left for Washington last week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the U.S. .','Zhu Qizhen was China 's new ambassador .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Zhu Qizhen said in the U.S. .','As he left for Washington last week .'))

Input: The House and Senate are to begin soon hashing out an agreement for sanctions legislation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales and exchanges , a suspension of most high-level government contacts and a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade Development Program .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. .','This is such as the Trade Development Program .' )CO/LIST('Measures already in effect include a ban on military sales and exchanges .','Measures already in effect include a suspension of most high-level government contacts .','Measures already in effect include a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs .' ), 'Effect are expected to be made law .'))

Input: The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The new genetically engineered drug was EPO .', SUB/TEMPORAL('The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store .',', Surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug .'))

Input: EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('EPO is a protein .','Erythropoietin , is a protein .' ), 'The human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells a protein .')

Input: The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The volume of red cells was 41 % higher per donor .','Red cells were donated by the EPO-treated patients .' ), 'This was what the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported .')

Input: TAX SHELTERS CALLED Individual Retirement Accounts , or IRAs , were created without fanfare on Sept. 2 , 1974 , but grew beyond expectations as an inducement to personal saving .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('TAX SHELTERS CALLED Individual Retirement Accounts , or IRAs , were created without fanfare on Sept. 2 , 1974 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to personal saving .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as an inducement .','TAX SHELTERS CALLED Individual Retirement Accounts , or IRAs , grew beyond expectations .')))

Input: Labor and business leaders , quoted at the White House Rose Garden rites , hailed its provisions for insuring corporate pension benefits .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','Labor and business leaders hailed its provisions .' ), 'Labor and business leaders were quoted at the White House Rose Garden rites .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Labor and business leaders were insuring corporate pension benefits .','Labor and business leaders were quoted at the White House Rose Garden rites .'))

Input: But it did n't sing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This caused an explosion of IRA promotions by brokers , banks , mutual funds and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by brokers .','This was by banks .','This was by mutual funds .','This was by others .' ), 'This caused an explosion of IRA promotions .')

Input: But in 1986 Congress sharply reduced the number of people who could qualify for its benefits and IRA tax-deductions slowed their roaring growth .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But in 1986 Congress sharply reduced the number of people .','People could qualify for its benefits .' ), 'But in 1986 IRA tax-deductions slowed their roaring growth .')

Input: IRA account assets have grown to about $ 400 billion from $ 393 billion last year and just $ 26 billion in 1981 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from $ 393 billion last year .','This was from just $ 26 billion in 1981 .' ), 'IRA account assets have grown to about $ 400 billion .')

Input: But for Soviet citizens who travel abroad for business or tourism , the rate will jump to 6.26 rubles to the dollar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the dollar .','But for Soviet citizens , the rate will jump to 6.26 rubles .' ), ', Soviet citizens travel abroad for business or tourism .')

Input: But it did n't elaborate , and it remains unclear how far Western tourists and foreigners living in Moscow will be allowed to benefit from the sweeping rate cut .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But it did n't elaborate .', SUB/ELABORATION('But it remains unclear .','Western tourists and foreigners living in Moscow will be allowed to benefit from the sweeping rate cut .'))

Input: They use dollars to buy Western items such as video recorders and personal computers and then sell them at a huge mark-up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a huge mark-up .', CO/LIST('They use dollars to buy Western items such as video recorders and then sell them .','They use dollars to buy Western items such as personal computers and then sell them .'))

Input: Rumors of an impending devaluation have been circulating in Moscow for weeks , but the size of the cut took many Western bankers by surprise .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Rumors of an impending devaluation have been circulating in Moscow for weeks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by surprise .','The size of the cut took many Western bankers .'))

Input: Soviet companies needing Western currencies to buy equipment and supplies abroad will be able to submit bids .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Soviet firms that hold some are unwilling to part with it , and joint ventures are n't yet allowed to participate .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Soviet firms are unwilling to part with it .',', Soviet firms hold some .' ), 'Joint ventures are n't yet allowed to participate .')

Input: If foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate , that would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves and would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate .', CO/LIST('That would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves .','That would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time .'))

Input: But the amounts they exchange may be limited ; most Soviet hotels , for example , demand payment in hard currency from Western visitors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But the amounts may be limited .','They exchange the amounts .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is from Western visitors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','Most Soviet hotels demand payment in hard currency .')))

Input: But under current rules , they are allowed to change just 200 rubles into dollars and other currencies for each trip .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was into dollars .','This was into other currencies .' ), 'But under current rules , they are allowed to change just 200 rubles for each trip .')

Input: But the computer giant appears to have lost a second key contract with Kodak to archrival Digital Equipment Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to archrival Digital Equipment Corp .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Kodak .','But the computer giant appears to have lost a second key contract .'))

Input: Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kodak yesterday confirmed .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital .','It has entered negotiations .' ), 'This was to manage all of its voice and data communications needs .'))

Input: He said that American Telephone & Telegraph , MCI Communications Corp. , Rochester Telephone Corp. and IBM itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('American Telephone & Telegraph itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project .','MCI Communications Corp. itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project .','Rochester Telephone Corp. itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project .','IBM itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project .'))

Input: When we decided to look outside the company for critical data-processing and communications services , we wanted to get the best vendor for that service , said Paul Allen , the spokesman .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital for voice and data telecommunications .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That 's .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for voice and data telecommunications .','We went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital .'))

Input: In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond , Va. , a bank and allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank , but times have changed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Richmond was Va. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in earlier years .','It may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond a bank and allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank .' ), 'Times have changed .'))

Input: Some of the would-be reformers , however , want to restore an arrangement we once had -- or , at least , part of it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', Some of the would-be reformers want to restore an arrangement .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at least .','We once had -- or part of it an arrangement .'))

Input: In the beginning , the treasury secretary and the comptroller of the currency were both ex officio members of the Federal Reserve Board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the beginning .', CO/LIST('The treasury secretary were both ex officio members of the Federal Reserve Board .','The comptroller of the currency were both ex officio members of the Federal Reserve Board .'))

Input: But in 1935 , when Congress was trying to find someone or something to blame for the Great Depression , it decided to drop both the secretary and the comptroller from the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress was trying to find someone or something to blame for the Great Depression .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the board .','But in 1935 , it decided to drop both the secretary and the comptroller .'))

Input: There is doubt that the change would accomplish much but at least Congress , as in 1935 , would be doing something .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('There is doubt .','The change would accomplish much .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as in 1935 .',', Congress would be doing something .'))

Input: Nicholas Brady , the incumbent treasury secretary , is of course aware of the proposal , and he does n't like it much .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Nicholas Brady is the incumbent treasury secretary .','Nicholas Brady is of course aware of the proposal .' ), 'He does n't like it much .')

Input: After the October 1987 market crash , Mr. Brady as a private citizen headed a presidential commission that tried to decide what went wrong and what should be done about it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brady was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the October 1987 market crash .','Brady as a private citizen headed a presidential commission .' ), 'A presidential commission tried to decide what went wrong and what should be done about it .'))

Input: This recommendation might have encouraged a turf-hungry bureaucrat to try to expand his power , but so far Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has n't made a pitch for the job .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('This recommendation might have encouraged a turf-hungry bureaucrat .','This was to try to expand his power .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Greenspan was Federal Reserve Chairman .',', So far Alan Greenspan has n't made a pitch for the job .'))

Input: The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 and again in 1989 .','It appears to have handled them well .'))

Input: The inflation-growth argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The inflation-growth argument is an old one .', SUB/ELABORATION('Brady is Mr. .','Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy .'))

Input: Equally importantly , the treasury secretary has spearheaded the administration effort to bring the U.S. dollar down by shopping avidly for West German marks and Japanese yen .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was equally importantly .','The treasury secretary has spearheaded the administration effort .' ), 'This was to bring the U.S. dollar down by shopping avidly for West German marks and Japanese yen .')

Input: The treasury can do something on its own , but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on its own .','The treasury can do something .' )SUB/PURPOSE('This is to have any hope of success .','It needs help from the Fed .'))

Input: The Fed has been intervening in foreign currency markets , all right , but through August , at least , it appeared to be sterilizing the intervention .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was all right .','The Fed has been intervening in foreign currency markets .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at least .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through August .','It appeared to be sterilizing the intervention .')))

Input: In other words , it was offsetting purchases of marks and yen by buying dollars in the domestic money market .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other words .','It was offsetting purchases of marks and yen .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other words .','It was buying dollars in the domestic money market .')))

Input: After August the Fed may have stopped sterilizing , but it 's hard to see much impact on the dollar .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after August .','The Fed may have stopped sterilizing .' ), 'It 's hard to see much impact on the dollar .')

Input: The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was dollar intervention , the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , or the Friday 13 market drop , only Mr. Greenspan and his associates know .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was dollar intervention .','The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment .','The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was the Friday 13 market drop .' ), 'This is what only Greenspan and his associates know .'))

Input: Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to some desired level .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from their customary roles .','Trying to manage exchange rates , he said , would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation .'))

Input: The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture and the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital has done nothing to dispel that impression .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture we have handled it in the nation 's capital .','The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital .' ), 'Has done nothing to dispel that impression the nation 's capital .')

Input: Our ability to influence the outcome of events in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union is far more marginal .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Those events continue to move at a rate , and in a direction , which leave informed commentary -- let alone policy -- far in their wake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Those events continue to move at a rate , and in a direction .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was far in their wake .','A direction leave informed commentary -- let alone policy -- .'))

Input: Hungary is no longer a Socialist Peoples republic , the Communist Party no longer has automatic delegates in the U.S.S.R. 's Congress of Peoples Deputies and Egon Krenz was not backed unanimously by his fellow party functionaries when he took over as East Germany 's new maximum leader .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hungary is no longer a Socialist Peoples republic .','The Communist Party no longer has automatic delegates in the U.S.S.R. 's Congress of Peoples Deputies .', SUB/ELABORATION('Egon Krenz was not backed unanimously by his fellow party functionaries .','He took over as East Germany 's new maximum leader .'))

Input: All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('All of that is just for starters .', CO/LIST('The hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope .','The hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets are certainly demanding .'))

Input: Of like , though lesser , note , Secretary of State James Baker put the administration four-square behind perestroika and glasnost , and therefore behind Mikhail Gorbachev , in a pair of carefully reasoned speeches over the past week or so .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Baker was Secretary of State .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was four-square behind perestroika and glasnost , and therefore behind Mikhail Gorbachev .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of like , though lesser , note .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a pair of carefully reasoned speeches over the past week or so .','James Baker put the administration .'))))

Input: -LRB- In other words , after some highly visible dithering and public airing of differences , the administration has come down on the side of those who believe that what we are witnessing from Berlin to Siberia is a good thing to be welcomed , rather than a new thing to be feared or viewed with suspicion . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was after some highly visible dithering .','This was after public airing of differences .' ), '-LRB- In other words the administration has come down on the side of those , rather than a new thing to be feared or viewed with suspicion . -RRB- .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what those believe .','What we are witnessing from Berlin to Siberia is a good thing to be welcomed .'))

Input: The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million , the Japanese government has put up just about as much , or so it is reported and at least one estimate puts the total tab at $ 7 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Japanese government has put up just about as much .','It is reported .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at $ 7 million .','At least one estimate puts the total tab .'))

Input: As one of his defenders so aptly put it , President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election -LRB- and some would say thereafter as well -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reagan was President .', SUB/ELABORATION('One of his defenders so aptly put it .', SUB/ELABORATION('Reagan was simply doing .','He had always done before his election -LRB- and some would say thereafter as well -RRB- .')))

Input: Primarily because there 's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan 's personal values , or lack of them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The theme song for the 1980s has been , Anything Goes , and it has been whistled with gusto from Wall Street to some of the highest peaks of televangelism .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The theme song for the 1980s has been .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from Wall Street .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to some of the highest peaks of televangelism .','It has been whistled with gusto .')))

Input: There are those who say that this is nothing new , that America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia when it comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There are those .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what those say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is nothing new .', SUB/ELABORATION('America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia .','It comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced .'))))

Input: As a last recourse , when all else has failed and you are pinned , apologize for having disappointed those who trusted you but deny having actually done anything wrong .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a last recourse .','When all else has failed and you are pinned , apologize for having disappointed those but deny having actually done anything wrong .' ), 'Those trusted you .')

Input: Consider the troubling dissonance between Mr. Shevardnadze 's speech of confession this week and the hang-tough defense of everyone concerned with the Iran-Contra affair .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shevardnadze was the troubling dissonance between Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Consider Shevardnadze 's speech of confession this week and the hang-tough defense of everyone .','Everyone was concerned with the Iran-Contra affair .'))

Input: The Soviet foreign minister publicly concedes that his government violated norms of behavior in Afghanistan and just plain lied about the radar station .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Soviet foreign minister concedes .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Afghanistan .','His government violated norms of behavior .' ), 'His government just plain lied about the radar station .'))

Input: We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('We have people in high place .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is about Iran-Contra .','High place is lying through their teeth .' ), 'That apparently is n't going to change .'))

Input: But there is no defense at all for the ethos of the 1980s .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We did n't stampede into it .', SUB/ELABORATION('We have as its quintessential symbol a former president .','A former president is huckstering for a foreign poohbah .'))

Input: Cineplex Odeon Corp. directors said the company 's chairman and chief executive , Garth Drabinsky , is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 666 million -RRB- to acquire the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garth Drabinsky was the company 's chairman and chief executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cineplex Odeon Corp. directors said .','The company 's chairman and chief executive is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 666 million -RRB- to acquire the company .'))

Input: The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Drabinsky was Messrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The directors said if Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses .','Expenses were related to a bid .'))

Input: She declined to identify other bidders but said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer is all cash , and it 's for all of the company .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Drabinsky was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(', She declined to identify other bidders .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .','Drabinsky 's offer is all cash .' ), 'It 's for all of the company .')))

Input: All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If a bid materializes at that price , shareholders will have every reason to be glad , but the question of financing still remains .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/CONDITION('A bid materializes at that price .',', Shareholders will have every reason to be glad .' ), 'The question of financing still remains .')

Input: Last April , Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Drabinsky was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for C$ 17.50 a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Bronfman associates .', CO/LIST('Last April , Drabinsky planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex .','Last April , a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex .'))))

Input: This is being done at the suggestion of -LCB- Mr. Drabinsky -RCB- and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements , Ms. Kolber said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Drabinsky was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kolber was Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is being done at the suggestion of -LCB- Drabinsky -RCB- and to accommodate him , to facilitate his financing arrangements .','This was what Kolber said .')))

Input: Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , said the British theater chain 's total involvement would n't exceed $ 100 million but declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing and the proposed Film House purchase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Gifford was Rank 's chief executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Michael Gifford said .', CO/CONTRAST('The British theater chain 's total involvement would n't exceed $ 100 million .', CO/LIST('The British theater chain 's total involvement declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing .','The British theater chain 's total involvement declined to give a breakdown between the proposed Film House purchase .'))))

Input: Mr. Panet-Raymond said he does n't think Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb are anywhere close to arranging financing and that investors will need a solid offer before the stock begins to rise again .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Panet-Raymond was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Drabinsky was Messrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Panet-Raymond said .','He does n't think Drabinsky and Gottlieb are anywhere close to arranging financing and that investors will need a solid offer before the stock begins to rise again .')))

Input: Two West German chemical companies announced steps that apparently are designed to boost the chemical industry 's standing among environmental groups and the general public .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Two West German chemical companies announced steps .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was among environmental groups .','This was among the general public .' ), ', Steps apparently are designed to boost the chemical industry 's standing .'))

Input: Also , BASF AG , another large chemicals company , said it formed a separate division that will study the environmental impact of plastics and will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('BASF AG was another large chemicals company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what BASF AG said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It formed a separate division .','A separate division will study the environmental impact of plastics .' ), 'It will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics .')))

Input: The company said the water will be called Coors Rocky Mountain Sparkling Water and will come from the same mountain spring as water used in Coors beer .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','The water will be called Coors Rocky Mountain Sparkling Water .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The company will come from the same mountain spring as water .','Water was used in Coors beer .'))

Input: The test markets , though not specified , will be in northern California , Arizona and Colorado , some of the hottest bottled-water markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some of America 's biggest trading partners gave a quick thumbs-down to a U.S. proposal to liberalize world trade and reduce farm-product subsidies .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to a U.S. proposal .',', Some of America 's biggest trading partners gave a quick thumbs-down .' ), 'This was to liberalize world trade and reduce farm-product subsidies .')

Input: In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal a step backward .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('World trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade .','World trade talks are being held under GATT .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Geneva .','The European Community called the U.S. proposal a step backward .'))

Input: The U.S. , in a far-reaching plan submitted to the Geneva meeting Tuesday , proposed curbing price support subsidies within 10 years and eliminating export subsidies within five years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was within 10 years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was within five years .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a far-reaching plan .','The U.S. proposed curbing price support subsidies and eliminating export subsidies .' ), 'A far-reaching plan was submitted to the Geneva meeting Tuesday .')))

Input: U.S. officials said the plan was flexible , and was intended as a pragmatic approach for gradually removing trade-distorting subsidies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what U.S. officials said .','The plan was flexible .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for gradually removing trade-distorting subsidies .','U.S. officials was intended as a pragmatic approach .'))

Input: EC officials say they are irked that the U.S. has set a specific timetable and is insisting on the elimination of export subsides , not just reduction .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what EC officials say .', SUB/ELABORATION('They are irked .', CO/LIST('The U.S. has set a specific timetable .','The U.S. is insisting on the elimination of export subsides , not just reduction .')))

Input: EC Agriculture Commissioner Ray MacSharry said the U.S. plan calls into question the agreement reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ray MacSharry was EC Agriculture Commissioner .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ray MacSharry said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. plan calls into question the agreement .','The agreement was reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection .')))

Input: The U.S. administration said its plan would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when the free-trade goals would be achieved .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the U.S. administration said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in .','Its plan would allow considerable flexibility .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Its plan was determining .','The free-trade goals would be achieved .')))

Input: Seeking to allay European concerns , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said in Washington that the new U.S. plan would n't put farmers out of business but would encourage them to grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Clayton Yeutter was U.S. Agriculture Secretary .', CO/LIST(', Clayton Yeutter was seeking to allay European concerns .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Clayton Yeutter said in Washington .', CO/CONTRAST('The new U.S. plan would n't put farmers out of business .','The new U.S. plan would encourage them to grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants .'))))

Input: Control Data 's third-party maintenance unit services products primarily made by Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Control Data 's third-party maintenance unit services products .', CO/LIST('Products were made by Digital Equipment Corp. .','Products were made by International Business Machines Corp .'))

Input: The unit has 6,000 customers and , according to one analyst , had 1988 revenue of about $ 85 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The unit has 6,000 customers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to one analyst .','The unit had 1988 revenue of about $ 85 million .'))

Input: Under the agreement , which had been widely expected , Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base and its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the agreement .', CO/LIST('Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base .','Bell Atlantic would be buying its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities .' ), 'The agreement had been widely expected .'))

Input: Lawrence Perlman , Control Data 's president and chief operating officer , said the maintenance business no longer fits into the company 's strategy to be a data solutions company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawrence Perlman was Control Data 's president and chief operating officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lawrence Perlman said .','The maintenance business no longer fits into the company 's strategy to be a data solutions company .'))

Input: Thomas Vassiliades , president of Bell Atlantic 's customer services division , said the acquisition would give the company 's Sorbus computer-maintenance unit added expertise in the increasingly sophisticated workstation and high-end mainframe technologies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thomas Vassiliades was president of Bell Atlantic 's customer services division .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Thomas Vassiliades said .','The acquisition would give the company 's Sorbus computer-maintenance unit added expertise in the increasingly sophisticated workstation and high-end mainframe technologies .'))

Input: These decisions deserve more attention than they have received from scholars , and from journalists as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('These decisions deserve more attention .', CO/LIST('They have received from scholars .','They have from journalists as well .'))

Input: Verbatim quotation , the judge believed , was justified in order to prove points the author had asserted about Mr. Hubbard -- mendacity , bigotry , paranoia and other unlovely traits that could not be persuasively demonstrated without use of Mr. Hubbard 's own words .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hubbard was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Verbatim quotation was the judge .','The judge was believed .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Verbatim quotation was justified in order .','This was to prove points the author had asserted about Hubbard -- mendacity , bigotry , paranoia and other unlovely traits that could not be persuasively demonstrated without use of Hubbard 's own words .')))

Input: But Judge Leval felt constrained by an earlier decision of the Second Circuit Court forbidding a biographer of J.D. Salinger to quote from Mr. Salinger 's personal letters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leval was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Salinger was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Leval felt constrained by an earlier decision of the Second Circuit Court .', SUB/PURPOSE('The Second Circuit Court was forbidding a biographer of J.D. Salinger .','This was to quote from Salinger 's personal letters .'))))

Input: Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leval was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Miller was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Leval reluctantly concluded .', CO/LIST('A few of Miller 's quotations from Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test .','A few of Miller 's quotations from Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , therefore infringed copyright .'))))

Input: But the proper remedy , Judge Leval said , lay in a suit for damages , not in an injunction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leval was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was not in an injunction .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for damages .','But the proper remedy , Leval said , lay in a suit .')))

Input: Decisions by the Second Circuit itself , Judge Oakes continued , had recognized that public interest in the subject matter and the indispensability in particular cases of verbatim quotations are vital components of fair use .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oakes was Judge .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what decisions by the Second Circuit itself had recognized .', CO/LIST('Public interest in the subject matter are vital components of fair use .','The indispensability in particular cases of verbatim quotations are vital components of fair use .')))

Input: And the injunction Judges Miner and Altimari would so readily have granted had New Era sued in time ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Suppression of the book , Judge Oakes observed , would operate as a prior restraint and thus involve the First Amendment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oakes is Judge .', CO/LIST(', Suppression of the book , Oakes observed , would operate as a prior restraint .',', Suppression of the book , Oakes observed , would thus involve the First Amendment .'))

Input: Moreover , and here Judge Oakes went to the heart of the question , Responsible biographers and historians constantly use primary sources , letters , diaries , and memoranda .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oakes is Judge .', CO/LIST('Moreover , and here Oakes went to the heart of the question , Responsible biographers and historians constantly use primary sources .','Moreover , and here Oakes went to the heart of the question , Responsible biographers and historians constantly use letters .','Moreover , and here Oakes went to the heart of the question , Responsible biographers and historians constantly use diaries .','Moreover , and here Oakes went to the heart of the question , Responsible biographers and historians constantly use memoranda .'))

Input: And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession or as donated or sold to libraries .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they agree of course .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession or as donated or sold to libraries .','People can impose restrictions .'))

Input: And when responsible scholars gain legitimate access to unpublished materials , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations that help to establish historical points .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to unpublished materials .','Responsible scholars gain legitimate access .' )SUB/ELABORATION('And , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations .','Quotations help to establish historical points .'))

Input: Mr. Masson then brought a libel suit against Ms. Malcolm , the New Yorker and Knopf .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Masson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Malcolm was a libel suit against Ms. .', CO/LIST('Masson then brought Malcolm .','Masson then brought the New Yorker .','Masson then brought Knopf .')))

Input: The quotes could not be found on the tapes , and the two judges who decided the case for Ms. Malcolm and her publishers conceded that , for the purpose of their decision , we assume the quotations were deliberately altered .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The quotes could not be found on the tapes .', SUB/ELABORATION('Malcolm was the case for Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the two judges who decided Malcolm and her publishers conceded .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we assume for the purpose of their decision .','The quotations were deliberately altered .'))))

Input: For all historians and most journalists , this admission would have been sufficient to condemn the Malcolm articles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for all historians .','This was for most journalists .' ), 'This admission would have been sufficient to condemn the Malcolm articles .')

Input: Judge Kozinski found the derivation entirely strained and writes that for an academic to refer to himself as an intellectual gigolo is ... a devastating admission of professional dishonesty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kozinski was Judge .', CO/LIST('Kozinski found the derivation entirely strained .','Kozinski writes that for an academic to refer to himself as an intellectual gigolo is ... a devastating admission of professional dishonesty .'))

Input: As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm 's book , Mr. Masson emerges as a grandiose egotist ... and , in the end , a self-destructive fool .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such : his own words reveal this psychological profile .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But it is not Janet Malcolm .','His own words reveal this psychological profile .' ), 'Janet Malcolm calls him such .')

Input: Should the green light Judges Alarcon and Hall have given to the fabrication of quotations become standard practice , it will notably reduce the value of journalism for historians -- and for citizens .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alarcon is the green light Judges .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for historians -- and for citizens .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Should Alarcon and Hall have given to the fabrication of quotations , it will notably reduce the value of journalism .','Quotations are become standard practice .')))

Input: Masson has lost his case , but the defendants , and the profession to which they belong , have lost far more .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Masson has lost his case .', CO/LIST('The defendants have lost far more .','The profession to which they belong , have lost far more .'))

Input: Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schlesinger is Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York .',', Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography .'))

Input: Few now recall the actual outcome : Scopes was convicted and fined $ 100 , and his conviction was reversed on appeal because the fine was excessive under Tennessee law .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Few now recall the actual outcome .', CO/LIST(', Scopes was convicted and fined $ 100 .', SUB/CAUSE('His conviction was reversed on appeal .','The fine was excessive under Tennessee law .')))

Input: So it was with the Hiss case a generation later , when Alger Hiss became a lightning rod for the anxieties of the Cold War and conflicting attitudes toward the New Deal he had served .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', So it was with the Hiss case a generation later .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for the anxieties of the Cold War .','This was for conflicting attitudes toward the New Deal .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Alger Hiss became a lightning rod .','He had served a lightning rod .')))

Input: It is difficult , if not impossible , for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for anyone .','It is difficult , if not impossible .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Anyone has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts .','This was to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy .'))

Input: But although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly , many of Dr. Morgan 's supporters have taken Thurber 's memorable title The Male Animal quite literally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan was Dr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly .','But , many of Morgan 's supporters have taken Thurber 's memorable title The Male Animal quite literally .'))

Input: Or that the president would have hurried to sign the bill out of compassion for her plight ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Finally , the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan was the case of Dr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was finally .','Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government .'))

Input: The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons , and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a variety of reasons .','The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents .' )CO/LIST(', Congressmen read the same newspapers .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Congressmen watch the same TV newscasts .','Other people in the area do .')))

Input: Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with almost unimaginable speed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was indeed .','Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress , before the judicial process had run its course , and while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court .'))

Input: The Morgan case thus tells us much more about the current state of sex , class , race and politics in our society than it does about the facts of Dr. Morgan 's particular situation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan is the facts of Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Morgan case tells us much more about the current state of sex , class , race and politics in our society .','Than it does about Morgan 's particular situation .'))

Input: Ronald J. Taylor , 48 , was named chairman of this insurance firm 's reinsurance brokerage group and its major unit , G.L. Hodson & Son Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ronald J. Taylor was 48 .', SUB/ELABORATION('G.L. Hodson & Son Inc was its major unit .', CO/LIST('Ronald J. Taylor was named chairman of this insurance firm 's reinsurance brokerage group .','Ronald J. Taylor was named chairman of its major unit .')))

Input: Robert G. Hodson , 65 , retired as chairman but will remain a consultant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert G. Hodson was 65 .', CO/CONTRAST('Robert G. Hodson retired as chairman .','Robert G. Hodson will remain a consultant .'))

Input: Arby 's is the marketing , franchising and service company for the 2,100 restaurants in the chain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Richard Buckley said Stevric 's acquisition of Arby 's would allow seasoned franchisers and food-service operators , with no conflicts of interest , to stabilize franchisee relations and properly refocus the company 's energies toward growth .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Buckley said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with no conflicts of interest .', CO/LIST(', Stevric 's acquisition of Arby 's would allow seasoned franchisers .',', Stevric 's acquisition of Arby 's would allow food-service operators .' ), 'This is to stabilize franchisee relations and properly refocus the company 's energies toward growth .')))

Input: General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit were GM Hughes Electronics .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .','General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit said net income fell 22 % .' )CO/LIST('General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit said net income were reflecting declining military spending .','General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit said net income were reflecting slumping GM vehicle production .')))

Input: The earnings drop at GM Hughes Electronics is a sign of tough times at both the defense operations of Hughes Aircraft Co. and GM 's North American automotive operations , which are a primary customer for the Delco Electronics Corp. side of the GM Hughes unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is at both the defense operations of Hughes Aircraft Co. .','This is at both the defense operations of GM 's North American .' ), 'The earnings drop at GM Hughes Electronics is a sign of tough times automotive operations , which are a primary customer for the Delco Electronics Corp. side of the GM Hughes unit .')

Input: GMAC said its automotive financing and leasing business rose 35 % in the U.S. , largely because of dealer and customer incentives used to boost sales .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what GMAC said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its automotive financing and leasing business rose 35 % , largely because of dealer and customer incentives .','Dealer and customer incentives were used to boost sales .')))

Input: GMAC profits are combined with earnings from the rest of GM 's operations and attributed to the company 's traditional common stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the rest of GM 's operations .','GMAC profits are combined with earnings .' ), 'GMAC profits are attributed to the company 's traditional common stock .')

Input: Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors and shareholders and also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('Each of the four parties proposes a complex financial package .','The four parties are bidding for PS of New Hampshire .' ), 'This is to satisfy creditors and shareholders .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Each of the four parties also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state .','The four parties are bidding for PS of New Hampshire .'))

Input: The new round of bidding would seem to complicate the decision making for Judge James Yacos , the bankruptcy judge overseeing the case , because the company 's stockholders , unsecured creditors and regulators each are currently backing different plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Yacos is Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('James Yacos is the bankruptcy judge .','The bankruptcy judge is overseeing the case .' )SUB/CAUSE('The new round of bidding would seem to complicate the decision making for James Yacos .','The company 's stockholders , unsecured creditors and regulators each are currently backing different plans .')))

Input: The other bidders , New England Electric System , Westboro , Mass. , and PS of New Hampshire , did n't change the value of their bids , although PS of New Hampshire changed its rate proposal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('New England Electric System was Westboro , Mass. , and PS of New Hampshire .','New England Electric System were the other bidders .' )CO/CONTRAST('The other bidders did n't change the value of their bids .','PS of New Hampshire changed its rate proposal .'))

Input: New England Electric values its offer at $ 2 billion and PS of New Hampshire values its reorganization plan at $ 2.2 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at $ 2 billion .','New England Electric values its offer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at $ 2.2 billion .','PS of New Hampshire values its reorganization plan .'))

Input: However , creditors and bidders alike concede that the state plays a major role because it could significantly delay final settlement of a plan it did n't like .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what creditors and bidders concede .', SUB/CAUSE('The state plays a major role .', SUB/ELABORATION('It could significantly delay final settlement of a plan .','It did n't like a plan .')))

Input: The bids and rate proposals generally assume the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed , will go into operation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the bids and rate proposals assume .','The Seabrook nuclear power plant will go into operation .' ), 'The Seabrook nuclear power plant is completed .')

Input: Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tucker is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is 56 years old .','Tucker is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit .'))

Input: Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Breeden had n't noticed .', CO/LIST('His new desk had just four telephone lines .','His new desk had one phone .'))

Input: It was , after all , only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after all , only his second .','It was full day .'))

Input: Now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Now there are more lines .','More lines were connected to the chairman 's office .' ), 'The market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk .')

Input: In an interview and in congressional testimony , he repeatedly points to the recent 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- the second-largest ever -- as evidence of the need for Congress to give the SEC the ability to better monitor leveraged buy-out loan activity by brokerage firms and to track big trades in the market .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as evidence of the need for Congress .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an interview and in congressional testimony .','He repeatedly points to the recent 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- the second-largest ever -- .' ), 'This is to give the SEC the ability to better monitor leveraged buy-out loan activity by brokerage firms and to track big trades in the market .'))

Input: A veteran of another financial crisis , the savings-and-loan bailout , Mr. Breeden wants to have the SEC regulate securities issued by banks and S&Ls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden was the savings-and-loan bailout .','The savings-and-loan bailout was another financial crisis .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A veteran of another financial crisis wants to have the SEC regulate securities .',', Securities were issued by banks and S&Ls .')))

Input: More broadly , he wants to modernize regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is more broadly .','He wants to modernize regulation .'))

Input: He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock and may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('An area are leveraged buy-outs .','The SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress An area .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .', CO/LIST('The tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock .','The tax code may fuel leveraged buy-outs .')))

Input: But Mr. Breeden , a 39-year-old securities lawyer , has skirted some of the heftier issues facing the financial markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden was a 39-year-old securities lawyer .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Breeden has skirted some of the heftier issues .','The heftier issues were facing the financial markets .')))

Input: He may be waiting to see the results of several pending SEC studies of junk market liquidity and disclosure rules .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to .','Breeden 's selection was continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street .'))

Input: Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from .','Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Breeden .' ), 'Members of the Senate Banking Committee are working on the thrift-bailout bill .' ), 'The relationship generally remains warm .'))

Input: These days , Mr. Breeden is winning praise in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge and the following Monday 's harrowing morning session .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden is Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge .','This is in Washington and on Wall Street for the following Monday 's harrowing morning session .' ), 'These days , Breeden is winning praise .'))

Input: Some in Washington contend that it 's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some in Washington contend .','It 's too soon to tell whether Breeden will help or hinder the SEC .'))

Input: The soft , wafting aromas will improve ride comfort , the display attests , and a proud employee says Mazda hopes to move the system out of the lab and into its cars in a year or two .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The soft , wafting aromas will improve ride comfort .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a proud employee says .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Mazda hopes to move the system out of the lab and into its cars in a year .','Mazda hopes to move the system out of the lab and into its cars in two .')))

Input: Here you can find Mitsubishi Motors Corp. displaying a live fish transporter , a truck akin to an aquarium on wheels , and Nissan Motor Co. with its keyless Boga , whose doors unlock upon recognizing the owner 's fingerprints .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Here you can find Mitsubishi Motors Corp. displaying a live fish transporter .','Here you can find a truck akin to an aquarium on wheels .','Here you can find Nissan Motor Co. with its keyless Boga .' ), 'Its keyless Boga 's doors unlock upon recognizing the owner 's fingerprints .')

Input: But this biennial event , the world 's largest display of cars and trucks , has its serious side , including the first major exhibitions of future engines and vehicle-suspension systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This biennial event is the world 's largest display of cars and trucks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including the first major exhibitions of future engines and vehicle-suspension systems .','But this biennial event has its serious side .'))

Input: It 's also the prime showcase for a country whose world dominance in the industry is increasingly acknowledged , and therein lies the draw .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It 's also the prime showcase for a country .', CO/LIST('A country 's world in the industry is increasingly acknowledged .','A country 's world therein lies the draw .'))

Input: Even the Soviet Union came , for the first time in 24 years , to show off its Lada Niva sedan and its futuristic dark-blue Kompakt model .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first time in 24 years .','Even the Soviet Union came .' ), 'This was to show off its Lada Niva sedan and its futuristic dark-blue Kompakt model .')

Input: Here 's a firsthand look at what the Japanese hosts sported , and what the foreign visitors saw .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The hottest displays were items that insulate passengers from bumps , potholes and other rigors of the road .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The hottest displays were items .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from bumps .','This is from potholes .','This is from other rigors of the road .' ), 'Items insulate passengers .'))

Input: Existing suspension systems try to absorb bounces , but active suspension provides power to counter the jolts .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Existing suspension systems try to absorb bounces .', SUB/PURPOSE('Active suspension provides power .','This is to counter the jolts .'))

Input: Nissan says it will introduce its first system next month on the Infiniti Q45 luxury sedan , and Toyota 's Celica coupe will go on sale with the suspension device next spring .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Nissan says .','It will introduce its first system next month on the Infiniti Q45 luxury sedan .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the suspension device .','Toyota 's Celica coupe will go on sale next spring .'))

Input: But drivers in the U.S. must wait : The Japanese , for now , are keeping active suspension for domestic use only .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But drivers in the U.S. must wait .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for now .','The Japanese are keeping active suspension for domestic use only .'))

Input: In the so-called two-stroke engines , which are expected to get sharply higher gas mileage , each piston goes up and down only once to provide power .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the so-called two-stroke engines .','Each piston goes up and down only once to provide power .' ), 'The so-called two-stroke engines are expected to get sharply higher gas mileage .')

Input: The two-stroke engine displays by Toyota and Fuji Heavy Industries , the maker of Subaru cars , drew plenty of interest from U.S. auto executives , who are rushing to develop two-stroke engines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The two-stroke engine displays by Toyota .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The maker of Subaru cars were Fuji Heavy Industries .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from U.S. auto executives .','Fuji Heavy Industries drew plenty of interest .' ), 'U.S. auto executives are rushing to develop two-stroke engines .')))

Input: Honda says the five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder , and the power of a V-6 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Honda says .', CO/LIST('The five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder .','The five-cylinder engine provides the power of a V-6 .'))

Input: It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura line in the U.S. , but Honda officials would n't comment .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Acura was a new model in the luxury .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .','It is rumored to be bound for Acura line .' ), 'Honda officials would n't comment .'))

Input: There 's plenty of whimsy here , but it is n't always clear whether it 's intentional .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('There 's plenty of whimsy here .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is n't always clear .','It 's intentional .'))

Input: The show 's symbol is a woman riding on a snail , not your usual metaphor for speed and agility .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The show 's symbol is a woman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for speed and agility .','A woman is riding on a snail , not your usual metaphor .'))

Input: Honda has a tiny motorcycle called the Monkey , and a slightly larger cousin , the Gorilla .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A slightly larger cousin was the Gorilla .', SUB/ELABORATION('Honda has a tiny motorcycle .', CO/LIST('A tiny motorcycle was called the Monkey .','A tiny motorcycle was called a slightly larger cousin .')))

Input: Mazda has the Bongo truck and , under its Autozam nameplate , a microvan called the Scrum .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mazda has the Bongo truck .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under its Autozam nameplate .','A microvan called the Scrum .'))

Input: Its buglike Carol minicar is designed with softness , gentleness and warmheartedness .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker .', CO/LIST('The bubblelike Sneaker seats just one person in front .','The bubblelike Sneaker could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear .'))

Input: The name is supposed to connote feminine grandeur , but in Japanese it means eyeglasses .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The name is supposed to connote feminine grandeur .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in Japanese .','It means eyeglasses .'))

Input: General Motors Corp. is sponsoring its first independent display in 10 years , and it includes a boxy Buick station wagon with wood-grain side panels .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in 10 years .','General Motors Corp. is sponsoring its first independent display .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with wood-grain side panels .','It includes a boxy Buick station wagon .'))

Input: True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car and skid momentarily out of bounds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Honda driver crossed .', SUB/CAUSE('The finish line first was disqualified .', CO/LIST('It hit another car .','It skid momentarily out of bounds .'))))

Input: Regarding your Sept. 28 Politics & Policy column on the party differences over cutting capital gains or expanding IRAs : Why not compromise now and save the public from the coming infantile congressional political rhetoric that seems to go hand in hand with the process ?
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Regarding your Sept. 28 Politics & Policy column on the party differences over cutting capital gains or expanding IRAs : Why not compromise now and save the public from the coming infantile congressional political rhetoric ? .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the process .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in hand .','The coming infantile congressional political rhetoric seems to go hand .')))

Input: It 's equally ridiculous not to provide a capital investment or retirement-savings tax incentive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft .', CO/LIST('Wardair 's aircraft include 12 Airbus A310-300s .','Wardair 's aircraft include three Boeing 747-100s .'))

Input: But James Ireland , a Miami-based technical analyst with Avmark Inc. , an aircraft evaluation firm , estimated the total half-life value of the 15 planes at about $ 650 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Avmark Inc. was an aircraft evaluation firm .','James Ireland was a Miami-based technical analyst with Avmark Inc. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at about $ 650 million or more .','But James Ireland estimated the total half-life value of the 15 planes .'))

Input: PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million -LRB- US -RRB- , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million -LRB- US -RRB- , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft .','PWA previously ordered .' ), 'PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs .')))

Input: PWA 's long-term debt and capital lease obligations rose to C$ 1.24 billion at the end of the second quarter , nearly double the year-earlier figure , reflecting debt absorbed under the Wardair purchase .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the end of the second quarter , nearly double the year-earlier figure .','PWA 's long-term debt and capital lease obligations rose to C$ 1.24 billion .' ), 'PWA 's long-term debt and capital lease obligations were reflecting debt absorbed under the Wardair purchase .')

Input: This British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm , Barclays de Zoete Wedd Group , announced the following appointments at its merchant-banking subsidiary Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd was its merchant-banking subsidiary .', SUB/ELABORATION('Barclays de Zoete Wedd Group was this British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd .','This British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm announced the following appointments .')))

Input: Callum McCarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Callum McCarthy was 45 .', CO/LIST(', Callum McCarthy was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division .',', Callum McCarthy was named to the new post of deputy head of a managing director .'))

Input: Mr. Pimlott and Mr. McCarthy join Barclay 's from Kleinwort Benson Ltd. where they served as directors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pimlott was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Kleinwort Benson Ltd. .','They served as directors .' ), 'Pimlott and McCarthy join Barclay 's .'))

Input: The House is scheduled to vote today on an anti-airline-takeover bill that would block , for up to 50 days , any bid for 15 % or more of a U.S. airline , even a straight cash purchase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Up to 50 days were any bid .', SUB/ELABORATION('The House is scheduled to vote today on an anti-airline-takeover bill .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is for 15 % or more of a U.S. airline , even a straight cash purchase .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for up to 50 days .','An anti-airline-takeover bill would block .'))))

Input: Such a deadline is attainable , but it would have costs , Mr. Greenspan told Rep. Neal 's monetary policy subcommittee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Neal was Rep. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(', Such a deadline is attainable .','It would have costs .' ), 'This was what Greenspan told Neal 's monetary policy subcommittee .')))

Input: In other words , economic growth would be lower and unemployment would be higher for a few years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in other words .','Economic growth would be lower .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in other words .','Unemployment would be higher for a few years .'))

Input: But Mr. Greenspan , who has repeatedly said the Fed 's goal is to reduce inflation , added that whatever losses are incurred in the pursuing of price stability would surely be more than made up in increased output thereafter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan was Mr. .','But Greenspan added that whatever losses are incurred in the pursuing of price stability would surely be more than made up in increased output thereafter .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Greenspan has repeatedly said .','The Fed 's goal is to reduce inflation .')))

Input: He warned that Fed efforts to conquer inflation would fail -- and could produce a major financial crunch -- unless they are accompanied by a significant reduction in the federal deficit , which causes the government to borrow heavily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he warned .', SUB/CONDITION('Fed efforts to conquer inflation would fail -- and could produce a major financial crunch -- .','They are accompanied by a significant reduction in the federal deficit .' ), 'The federal deficit causes the government to borrow heavily .'))

Input: Rep. Neal 's bill originally called on the Fed to reduce the inflation rate by one percentage point a year for five years and to maintain a zero inflation rate thereafter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Neal was Rep. .', SUB/PURPOSE('Neal 's bill originally called on the Fed .','This was to reduce the inflation rate by one percentage point a year for five years and to maintain a zero inflation rate thereafter .'))

Input: Reps. Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill , dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee that makes monetary policy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hamilton was Reps. .', CO/LIST('Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hamilton and Dorgan also were dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee .','The 12-member Fed committee makes monetary policy .')))

Input: Instead , the bill simply calls for twice-a-year meetings between the committee and top administration officials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is instead .', CO/LIST('The bill simply calls for twice-a-year meetings between the committee .','The bill simply calls for twice-a-year meetings between top administration officials .'))

Input: Even that met with Mr. Greenspan 's disapproval because it might subject the Fed to a more intensely political perspective and could risk bending monetary policy away from long-term strategic goals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan was Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('Even that met with Greenspan 's disapproval .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to a more intensely political perspective .','It might subject the Fed .' ), 'It could risk bending monetary policy away from long-term strategic goals .')))

Input: The do-it-yourself show , slated to start airing by June 1990 , marks Sears 's entry into the burgeoning market of home repair television programs and could bolster sales of its home improvement products .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sears is The do-it-yourself show marks .',', Sears 's entry into the burgeoning market of home repair television programs .' ), 'The do-it-yourself show is slated to start airing by June 1990 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The do-it-yourself show could bolster sales of its home improvement products .','The do-it-yourself show is slated to start airing by June 1990 .'))

Input: Last season , we did a story that involved spending $ 700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Last season , we did a story .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast .','A story involved spending $ 700,000 .'))

Input: Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago , a unit of WPP Group PLC , will handle the advertising account and syndication .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago is a unit of WPP Group PLC .', CO/LIST('Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago will handle the advertising account .','Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago will handle syndication .'))

Input: The only other endorsement permitted by the contract involves a series of Time-Life home improvement and repair books .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The proposed changes , which are scheduled to be announced today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , according to federal officials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The proposed changes would apply to pesticides .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to federal officials .','Other substances found on fresh and processed foods .' ), 'The proposed changes are scheduled to be announced today .'))

Input: But they are already objecting to , among other things , a plan to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other things .', SUB/PURPOSE('But they are already objecting to a plan .','This is to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides .'))

Input: The Bush administration plans to announce a series of principles and to work with congressional leaders in writing specific legislative proposals that embody them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in writing specific legislative proposals .','The Bush administration plans to announce a series of principles and to work with congressional leaders .' ), ', Specific legislative proposals embody them .')

Input: Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus during this year 's Alar scare , when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during this year 's Alar scare .','Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier .' ), 'The EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen .')

Input: The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation 's grocery shelves by May 31 , 1991 , and the apple industry has said that growers already have stopped using the chemical .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by May 31 , 1991 .','The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation 's grocery shelves .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the apple industry has said .','Growers already have stopped using the chemical .'))

Input: Chemicals that exceed these risk levels would be barred , but those that fall below these levels would be allowed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Chemicals would be barred .',', Chemicals exceed these risk levels .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Those would be allowed .','Those fall below these levels .'))

Input: Financial markets took a midweek break from their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from their recent wild gyrations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with stock prices .', CO/LIST('Financial markets took a midweek break falling modestly .','Financial markets took bond prices posting tiny gains .','Financial markets took the dollar almost unchanged .')))

Input: Long-term Treasury bonds rose slightly despite the arrival on the market of $ 4.52 billion in 30-year bonds offered by the Resolution Funding Corp. as part of the government 's bailout of the savings and loan industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 30-year bonds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of the government 's bailout of the savings and loan industry .','30-year bonds were offered by the Resolution Funding Corp. .' ), 'Long-term Treasury bonds rose slightly despite the arrival on the market of $ 4.52 billion .'))

Input: Yesterday 's sluggish action was in marked contrast to the rearing and plunging of stock prices Tuesday after the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. once again collapsed .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the rearing and plunging of stock prices .','Yesterday 's sluggish action was in marked contrast Tuesday .' ), 'The proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. once again collapsed .')

Input: But an unexpected deviation either way could roil bond and currency markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than an eighth of a point , or less than $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 of face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 of face amount .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than an eighth of a point .','The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than $ 1.25 .'))

Input: In late New York trading the U.S. currency was quoted at 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen , compared with 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen Tuesday .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in late New York trading .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 1.8355 marks Tuesday .','This was compared with 141.45 yen Tuesday .' )CO/LIST('The U.S. currency was quoted at 1.8353 marks .','The U.S. currency was quoted at 141.52 yen .')))

Input: A few years ago , I was on a panel of journalists that discussed the image of intercollegiate athletics for an audience of campus information directors and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a few years ago .','I was on a panel of journalists .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for an audience of campus information directors and others .','Journalists discussed the image of intercollegiate athletics .'))

Input: We scribblers quickly concurred that not only was the bad rep of big-time college sports richly earned , but also that it could be corrected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Competition could be maintained -- and stadiums probably would remain full -- if schedules were reduced and the games returned to the students , we said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION(', Competition could be maintained -- and stadiums probably would remain full -- .',', Schedules were reduced .' ), 'The games returned to the students .' ), 'This was what we said .')

Input: I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , he confided .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools .','Everybody 's afraid to make the first move .' ), 'This was what he confided .')

Input: And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to scandal on gridiron and basketball court .','And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal .' ), 'The casualties mount .')

Input: They are : A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU -LRB- Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by David Whitford ; Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football -LRB- Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 -RRB- by Armen Keteyian ; and Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias -LRB- Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by Lewis Cole .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Macmillan is 221 pages .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Contemporary is 231 pages .','They are : A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU -LRB- Macmillan $ 18.95 -RRB- by David Whitford ; Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football -LRB- Contemporary $ 17.95 -RRB- by Armen Keteyian ; and Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias -LRB- Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- by Lewis Cole .'))

Input: It chronicles how , over a period of a dozen years , Southern Methodist University bought its way to football respectability in the Southwest Conference , only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system it created .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It chronicles .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to football respectability .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over a period of a dozen years .',', Southern Methodist University bought its way in the Southwest Conference , only to find itself trapped and strangled by the athlete-payoff system .' ), 'It created the athlete-payoff system .')))

Input: One recruiter working with Mr. Meyer was so generous with $ 10 and $ 20 bills that prospects sang Here Comes Santa Claus when he approached .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Meyer was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('One recruiter working with Meyer was so generous with $ 10 and $ 20 bills .', SUB/ELABORATION('Prospects sang .','Here Comes Santa Claus when he approached .')))

Input: Dean Steinkuhler , a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman , confesses that he used 'em , and says other Huskers did too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dean Steinkuhler was a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Dean Steinkuhler confesses .', CO/LIST('He used 'em .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','Other Huskers did too .'))))

Input: Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for taxes .','Taxes were owed on business transactions .' ), 'Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker .' ), 'Officials at the Department of Revenue were proceeding to settle the dispute in court .')

Input: The amount covers taxes , interest and penalties owed from 1966 , when the state began collecting corporate taxes , to 1985 .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('The amount covers taxes , interest and penalties .', CO/LIST('Taxes were owed from 1966 to 1985 .','Interest were owed from 1966 to 1985 .','Penalties were owed from 1966 to 1985 .' ), 'The state began collecting corporate taxes .'))

Input: Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines , publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products are high-priced wines .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for instance .',', Stores in upper-income neighborhoods will carry high-priced wines .'))

Input: Analysts and competitors said the move reflects a growing need by the stores to expand their customer base beyond the traditional blue-collar worker who pops into a convenience store for a sandwich , cigarettes , soda or beer .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts and competitors said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The move reflects a growing need by the stores to expand their customer base beyond the traditional blue-collar worker .','The traditional blue-collar worker pops into a convenience store for a sandwich , cigarettes , soda or beer .'))

Input: National Convenience 's move is likely to be echoed by other chains , though analysts note that Southland Corp. , owner of 7-Eleven stores , and Circle K Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Southland Corp. was owner of 7-Eleven stores .', CO/CONTRAST('National Convenience 's move is likely to be echoed by other chains .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts note .', CO/LIST(', Southland Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort .',', Circle K Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort .'))))

Input: Several months ago , it also added black health and beauty aids displays to many stores , a spokeswoman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to many stores .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was several months ago .','It also added black health and beauty aids displays .' ), 'This was what a spokeswoman said .'))

Input: Analysts said the company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that are n't .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items .','The company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track those .' ), 'Those are n't .' ), 'Items are selling .'))

Input: One day after Delmed Inc. made top management changes and disclosed the end of an important business tie , its stock did n't trade and the company forecast a significant drop next year in sales of its core product .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/TEMPORAL(CO/LIST('Delmed Inc. made top management changes .','Delmed Inc. disclosed the end of an important business tie .' ), 'One day , its stock did n't trade .' ), 'One day the company forecast a significant drop next year in sales of its core product .')

Input: Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Delmed on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich .','Delmed on Tuesday announced the resignations of chairman .','Delmed on Tuesday announced the resignations of president .','Delmed on Tuesday announced the resignations of chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Delmed makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products .','Peritoneal dialysis products were used in treating kidney disease .'))

Input: They were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , which owns about 45 % of Delmed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Fresenius AG was its parent .', CO/LIST('They were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. .','They were succeeded by executives of its parent .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Fresenius AG is its parent .','Its parent owns about 45 % of Delmed .')))

Input: At the same time , the New Brunswick , N.J. , company said negotiations about pricing and volumes of product had collapsed between it and its exclusive distributor in the U.S. , National Medical Care Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('National Medical Care Inc was the U.S. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the New Brunswick , N.J. , company said at the same time .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .', CO/LIST('Negotiations about pricing and volumes of product had collapsed between it .','Negotiations about pricing and volumes of product had collapsed between its exclusive distributor .'))))

Input: The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But July 5 , a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. , caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('July 5 was a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into basement vaults .','But July 5 caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water .'))

Input: The water destroyed about $ 75 million in currency and caked $ 4 million of coins with mud , rendering them dangerous to counting machines .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in currency .','The water destroyed about $ 75 million .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with mud .','The water caked $ 4 million of coins .' ), 'The water was rendering them dangerous to counting machines .'))

Input: The U.S. Mint would n't take the coin because it was n't mutilated , and the Federal Reserve Bank accepts only clean coins , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('The U.S. Mint would n't take the coin .','It was n't mutilated .' ), 'The Federal Reserve Bank accepts only clean coins .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: The Philadelphia Fed says it is merely an agent for coins , responsible only for storage and distribution .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Philadelphia Fed says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for coins .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is responsible only for storage and distribution .','It is merely an agent .')))

Input: But Brooks declined , figuring that transporting the mucked up money to Washington would cost the company thousands more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A giant heater , working like a blowtorch , causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('A giant heater causes the mud to crust .','A giant heater is working like a blowtorch .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A giant heater burns off any wrappers .','A giant heater is working like a blowtorch .'))

Input: After clanging around for an hour or so , the shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute , where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/TEMPORAL('The shiny , hot money is clanging around for an hour or so .','The shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute .' ), 'A giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers .')

Input: In fact , there 's only one person involved who 's happy , and that 's Floyd String , president of Coin Wrap and conceiver of the cement-truck solution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fact .','There 's only one person .' )CO/LIST('Only one person was involved who 's happy , and that 's Floyd String .','Only one person was involved who 's happy , and that 's president of Coin Wrap .','Only one person was involved who 's happy , and that 's conceiver of the cement-truck solution .'))

Input: It seems that every day a new movie opens featuring a child coping with a mother 's death , or adoption , or aging parents , or pregnancy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It seems .', SUB/ELABORATION('Every day a new movie opens featuring a child .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A child is coping with a mother 's death .','A child is coping with adoption , or aging parents , or pregnancy .')))

Input: And why not ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some of our best and most idiosyncratic film makers -- from Truffaut to Fellini to Woody Allen -- have taken a cue from Chekhov : When it comes to compelling drama , there 's no place like home .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Chekhov .',', Some of our best and most idiosyncratic film makers -- from Truffaut to Fellini to Woody Allen -- have taken a cue .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It comes to compelling drama .','There 's no place like home .'))

Input: Yet there will be people who will sob at Immediate Family , a limply constructed and offensive movie about adoption .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Immediate Family was a limply constructed and offensive movie about adoption .', SUB/ELABORATION('Yet there will be people .','People will sob at Immediate Family .'))

Input: These are the sensitive souls who can empathize with and even enjoy hearing about other people 's troubles , no matter how haltingly or predictably the sad tale is told .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('These are the sensitive souls .', CO/LIST('The sensitive souls can empathize with .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about other people 's troubles .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hearing was no matter how haltingly or predictably the sad tale is told .','The sensitive souls can enjoy hearing .'))))

Input: Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents -LRB- Glenn Close and James Woods -RRB- and the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption -LRB- Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents -LRB- Glenn Close and James Woods -RRB- .','Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the teen-age couple -LRB- Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for adoption .','The teen-age couple decide to give up their baby .'))

Input: All of their friends have children and they ca n't , so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('All of their friends have children .','They ca n't .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible .','Now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his deluxe stereo equipment .'))

Input: Having exhausted all modern aids to fertility , Linda and Michael decide to adopt .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to fertility .','Linda and Michael are having exhausted all modern aids .' ), 'Linda and Michael decide to adopt .')

Input: The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one -- or maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script , and Jonathan Kaplan 's -LRB- The Accused -RRB- dull direction .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a little one .','The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing .' )CO/LIST('They 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script .','They 're not-so-subtly commenting on Jonathan Kaplan 's -LRB- The Accused -RRB- dull direction .'))

Input: Or maybe they are disgusted by the literal-minded musical score ; when a character arrives at a major decision her thoughts are revealed by the sound of I Can See Clearly Now .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Or maybe they are disgusted by the literal-minded musical score .', SUB/ELABORATION('When a character arrives at a major decision Can See Clearly Now .','Her thoughts are revealed by the sound of I a major decision .'))

Input: The adoption agency insists on introducing the adopting parents to the birth mother , so Linda and Michael pay for pregnant Lucy 's -LRB- Ms. Masterson -RRB- bus ticket from Ohio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The adoption agency insists on introducing the adopting parents to the birth mother .', SUB/ELABORATION('Masterson is Ms. .','Linda and Michael pay for pregnant Lucy 's -LRB- Masterson -RRB- bus ticket from Ohio .'))

Input: There is some pain , when Lucy has the baby and did n't know she would feel like this and wants to keep the baby .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('There is some pain .', CO/LIST('Lucy has the baby .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Lucy did n't know .',', She would feel like this .' ), 'Lucy wants to keep the baby .')))

Input: They pause only to register little whimpers of distress and sighs of satisfaction , like tourists cataloging the sights they 've seen from the window of a bus .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is like tourists .','They pause only to register little whimpers of distress and sighs of satisfaction .' ), 'Tourists are cataloging the sights .' ), 'They 've seen from the window of a bus the sights .')

Input: Bruce Willis 's best attribute as an actor is his coy , lazy voice , and that 's all you get of him here , speaking for the baby .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bruce Willis 's best attribute as an actor is his coy , lazy voice .', SUB/ELABORATION('That 's all .', CO/LIST('You get all of him here .','You is speaking for the baby .')))

Input: Westinghouse Electric Corp. , capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Westinghouse Electric Corp. expects operating margins of more than 10 % .','Westinghouse Electric Corp. expects operating margins of double-digit per-share earnings growth next year .' ), 'Westinghouse Electric Corp. is capitalizing on a major restructuring program .' ), 'This was what top officers told securities analysts here .')

Input: John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John C. Marous was chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what John C. Marous said .','The company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years .'))

Input: In 1988 , the company earned $ 822.8 million , or $ 5.66 a share , on sales of $ 12.49 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 12.49 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 822.8 million .','The company earned $ 5.66 a share .')))

Input: In the past 20 months alone , Paul E. Lego , president and chief operating officer , said the divestiture of $ 300 million of slow-growth , low-profit businesses has been more than offset by $ 600 million in profitable acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Paul E. Lego was president .','Paul E. Lego was chief operating officer .' ), 'In the past 20 months alone , Paul E. Lego said the divestiture of $ 300 million of slow-growth , low-profit businesses has been more than offset by $ 600 million in profitable acquisitions .')

Input: Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , we can handle that , Mr. Marous said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Marous was Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('The gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('We can handle .','Marous said .')))

Input: GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because of an error by the National Association of Securities Dealers , the listing appeared incorrectly in the main table and several highlight tables in yesterday 's edition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in yesterday 's edition .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was because of an error by the National Association of Securities Dealers .', CO/LIST('The listing appeared incorrectly in the main table .','The listing appeared incorrectly in several highlight tables .')))

Input: A proposed conflict-of-interest policy for federally funded biomedical researchers may thwart many high-technology new ventures , say financiers , researchers and university administrators .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The NIH is asking grant recipients and others for comments on the proposed guidelines until Dec. 15 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was until Dec. 15 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for comments on the proposed guidelines .','The NIH is asking grant recipients and others .'))

Input: With $ 2.3 million , he and other investors launched Lithox last year to market a gallstone cure being developed by researchers of the University of California at San Diego .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with $ 2.3 million .', CO/LIST('He launched Lithox last year .','Other investors launched Lithox last year .' ), 'This was to market a gallstone cure being developed by researchers of the University of California at San Diego .'))

Input: The researchers , who are being financed by the Lithox funds , will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales , if their research yields a commercial product .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CONDITION('The researchers will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales .','Their research yields a commercial product .' ), 'The researchers are being financed by the Lithox funds .')

Input: But because the University of California , like many other universities , shares its royalties with researchers , it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines , Mr. Daly says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daly is Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with researchers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like many other universities .','The University of California shares its royalties .' ), 'But , it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines , Daly says .')))

Input: Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rima Kaddurah-Daouk was Scientists .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology .','Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research .'))

Input: While Ms. Kaddurah-Daouk left MIT to head Amira , Prof. Schimmel will continue to work at MIT , serve on Amira 's board and own a small equity stake in the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kaddurah-Daouk is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Schimmel is Prof. .', CO/CONTRAST('Kaddurah-Daouk left MIT to head Amira .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the company .',', Schimmel will continue to work at MIT , serve on Amira 's board and own a small equity stake .'))))

Input: But the new guidelines could prevent scientists like Prof. Schimmel from being involved with start-ups such as Amira , venture capitalists point out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schimmel is scientists like Prof. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from being involved with start-ups such as Amira .','But the new guidelines could prevent Schimmel , venture capitalists point out .'))

Input: Last year , venture capitalists spent an estimated $ 600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses , according to the National Venture Capital Association , a trade group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The National Venture Capital Association was a trade group .', SUB/PURPOSE('Last year , venture capitalists spent an estimated $ 600 million .','This was to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses , according to the National Venture Capital Association .'))

Input: But under the proposed guidelines , all federally funded research will have to be reported publicly so that anyone can capitalize on the work .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But before Athena was able to get an exclusive license to the technology , the Federal Register published most of the details , giving all of the company 's potential competitors a chance to exploit it , Mr. Bock says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bock is Mr. .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Athena was able to get an exclusive license to the technology .','But , the Federal Register published most of the details , giving all of the company 's potential competitors a chance to exploit it , Bock says .'))

Input: Athena eventually acquired exclusive rights to the technology and currently is developing it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the technology .','Athena eventually acquired exclusive rights .' ), 'Athena eventually currently is developing it .')

Input: The proposed guidelines could also delay commercialization -- and force small companies to waste scarce capital , entrepreneurs say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The proposed guidelines could also delay commercialization .', SUB/PURPOSE('The proposed guidelines could also force small companies .','This is to waste scarce capital .' ), 'This is what entrepreneurs say .'))

Input: Duplicating research is both costly and time-consuming for a start-up , Ms. Emyanitoff says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Emyanitoff is Ms. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Emyanitoff is duplicating research .','Is both costly and time-consuming research for a start-up .' ), 'Emyanitoff says .'))

Input: For its part , NIH insists that its guidelines should not stifle research creativity or technology transfer from the research laboratory to commercial use .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what NIH insists for its part .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to commercial use .','Its guidelines should not stifle research creativity or technology transfer from the research laboratory .'))

Input: Universities such as Harvard and MIT should be able to develop a way to act as brokers for the individual scientists , says Katherine Bick , who oversees the huge NIH grants program as its deputy director for extramural research .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Among other provisions , the NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families from holding stock in any company that is affected by the outcome of their research .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from holding stock in any company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other provisions .','The NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families .' ), 'Any company is affected by the outcome of their research .'))

Input: Ms. Bick , the NIH administrator , says the business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be ideas for discussion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bick was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bick was the NIH administrator .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Bick says .','The business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be ideas for discussion .')))

Input: Friday , Oct. 27 , 9 p.m.-midnight EDT , on PBS -LRB- PBS air dates and times vary , so check local listings -RRB- : Show Boat .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Saturday , Oct. 28 , 8-10 p.m. EDT , on HBO -LRB- repeated Oct. 31 , Nov. 5 , 8 , 14 , 16 and 20 -RRB- : Perfect Witness .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Personally , I 'm irked by its combination of ponderousness and timidity , which adds up to an utter lack of drama .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was personally .','I 'm irked by its combination of ponderousness and timidity .' ), 'Its combination of ponderousness and timidity adds up to an utter lack of drama .')

Input: Sunday , Oct. 29 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on Showtime -LRB- repeated Nov. 2 , 6 , 11 and 15 -RRB- : The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sunday and Monday , Nov. 5 and 6 , 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC : Cross of Fire .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Ku Klux Klan was revived in the 1920s as a national organization aimed at Catholics and Jews as well as blacks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a national organization .','A national organization was aimed at Catholics and Jews as well as blacks .' ), 'The Ku Klux Klan was revived in the 1920s .')

Input: One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson , an Indiana leader whose reckless career is depicted in this film starring Mel Harris -LRB- thirtysomething -RRB- and John Heard .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('D.C. Stephenson was an Indiana leader .', SUB/ELABORATION('An Indiana leader 's reckless is depicted in this film .','This film was starring Mel Harris -LRB- thirtysomething -RRB- and John Heard .' ), 'One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson .'))

Input: L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 protection in August and has also announced its intention to sell its B. Altman & Co. department store chain .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','L.J. Hooker filed for Chapter 11 protection .' ), 'L.J. Hooker was based in Atlanta .' )SUB/ELABORATION('L.J. Hooker has also announced its intention to sell its B. Altman & Co. department store chain .','L.J. Hooker was based in Atlanta .'))

Input: Mr. Merksamer and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , were unavailable for comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Merksamer was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Merksamer were chief executive of L.J. Hooker .',', Sanford Sigoloff were chief executive of L.J. Hooker .' )CO/LIST('Merksamer were unavailable for comment .',', Sanford Sigoloff were unavailable for comment .')))

Input: The jewelry chain , which is based in Sacramento , Calif. , had revenue of $ 62 million and operating profit of $ 2.5 million for the year ended June 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the year .','The year was ended June 30 .' )CO/LIST('The jewelry chain had revenue of $ 62 million .','The jewelry chain had operating profit of $ 2.5 million .' ), 'The jewelry chain is based in Sacramento , Calif. .'))

Input: The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits .' ), 'The broker winning the business is buying or selling for less than the overall package price .')

Input: In Tuesday 's gyrating session , the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 80 points early in the day , but finished with less than a four-point loss .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the day .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Tuesday 's gyrating session .','The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 80 points early .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Tuesday 's gyrating session .','The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished with less than a four-point loss .')))

Input: With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Frank W. Terrizzi was Renaissance President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with the decline in stock prices .','This is with continued low or stable interest rates .' ), ', Stocks are representing a better value all the time .' ), 'This was what Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday .'))

Input: But everything is relative to Mr. Terrizzi , so stocks in his view can become more attractive in comparison with bonds or T-bills , even if shares are more expensive than when they were sold in January .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Terrizzi was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But everything is relative to Terrizzi .', SUB/CONDITION('But stocks in his view can become more attractive in comparison with bonds or T-bills .',', Shares are more expensive than when they were sold in January .')))

Input: Almost all have involved at least half and often the firm 's entire portfolio , as the computer searches for the most undervalued investment category , following a money-management style called tactical asset allocation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Almost all have involved at least half and often the firm 's entire portfolio .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is following a money-management style .','The computer searches for the most undervalued investment category .' ), 'A money-management style was called tactical asset allocation .'))

Input: Competing asset-allocation firms march to their own computer models , so some have been partly or fully invested in stocks this year while Renaissance has sat on the sidelines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Competing asset-allocation firms march to their own computer models .', CO/CONTRAST(', Some have been partly or fully invested in stocks this year .','Renaissance has sat on the sidelines .'))

Input: Mr. Terrizzi confirms some clients have left Renaissance , but no major ones , and the firm has added new accounts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Terrizzi was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Terrizzi confirms .',', Some clients have left Renaissance , but no major ones .' ), 'The firm has added new accounts .'))

Input: David Evans , who last week resigned as president and chief executive of Qintex Entertainment Inc. for personal reasons just as the company filed for bankruptcy-law protection , has been temporarily reappointed to both positions , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('David Evans has been temporarily reappointed to both positions .','This was what the company said .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for personal reasons .','David Evans last week resigned as president and chief executive of Qintex Entertainment Inc. .' ), 'The company filed for bankruptcy-law protection .'))

Input: Qintex Entertainment also said Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jonathan Lloyd , 37 years old , would join the nine-member board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Jonathan Lloyd was Chief Financial Officer .','Jonathan Lloyd was Treasurer .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Qintex Entertainment said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is 37 years old .','Jonathan Lloyd would join the nine-member board .')))

Input: Mr. Evans will stay until a successor is found , but not later than the end of the year , the company said .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Evans was Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('Evans will stay .','A successor is found .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was not later than the end of the year .','The company said .')))

Input: It was the 49-year-old Mr. Evans who had moved into the offices of MGM\/UA and run the company during Qintex Australia Ltd. 's aborted bid for the movie company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Evans was the 49-year-old Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was Evans .', CO/LIST('Evans had moved into the offices of MGM\/UA .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during Qintex Australia Ltd. 's aborted bid for the movie company .','Evans had run the company .'))))

Input: And the relationship between Qintex Entertainment and the Australian company appears to be quickly deteriorating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But early on Oct. 19 , the second of two hectic days of board meetings , Mr. Evans said he believed Qintex Australia would n't be forthcoming .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Evans was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Oct. 19 was the second of two hectic days of board meetings .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Evans said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he believed .','Qintex Australia would n't be forthcoming .'))))

Input: But a majority of the board , which includes three members from the Australian company , overrode him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But a majority of the board overrode him .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the Australian company .','A majority of the board includes three members .'))

Input: Last Monday , Qintex Australia announced a restructuring plan and said it would sell off assets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Last Monday , Qintex Australia announced a restructuring plan .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Qintex Australia said .','It would sell off assets .'))

Input: Qintex Australia said it had n't seen the suit and could n't comment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Qintex Australia said .', CO/LIST('It had n't seen the suit .','It could n't comment .'))

Input: In contrast to the 1 % conversion fee charged by Visa , foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the 1 % conversion fee .','This is in contrast .' ), 'Foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more .' ), 'The 1 % conversion fee is charged by Visa .' ), 'This is to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency .')

Input: Typically , he will be billed only several weeks after the expenditure , and then has another couple of weeks before he has to pay the bill .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the expenditure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was typically .','He will be billed only several weeks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is typically .','He then has another couple of weeks before he has to pay the bill .')))

Input: MGM Grand Inc. has agreed to pay $ 93 million and nearly 1.8 million common shares to buy 117 acres of land along the Las Vegas , Nev. , Strip as a site for its planned movie-studio and theme-park resort .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a site for its planned movie-studio and theme-park resort .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was along the Las Vegas , Nev. , Strip .', CO/LIST('MGM Grand Inc. has agreed to pay $ 93 million to buy 117 acres of land .','MGM Grand Inc. has agreed to pay nearly 1.8 million common shares to buy 117 acres of land .')))

Input: Of the total purchase price , $ 50 million cash and $ 30 million in stock -LRB- nearly 1.8 million shares -RRB- would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino from Southwest Securities , a Nevada limited partnership .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Southwest Securities were a Nevada limited partnership .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Southwest Securities .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the total purchase price .', CO/LIST('$ 50 million cash would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino .','$ 30 million in stock -LRB- nearly 1.8 million shares -RRB- would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino .'))))

Input: The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James D. Aljian was MGM Grand director .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course was a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The remaining properties are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course of Phoenix .','The remaining properties are Ariz. .','The remaining properties are the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by James D. Aljian .' ), 'To be acquired The remaining properties .')))

Input: The luxury airline and casino company , 98.6%-owned by investor Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda Corp. , earlier this month announced its agreements to acquire the properties , but did n't disclose the purchase price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kirk Kerkorian was investor .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('98.6 % - owned by Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda Corp. were the luxury airline and casino company .', SUB/PURPOSE('The luxury airline and casino company earlier this month announced its agreements .','This was to acquire the properties .' ), 'The luxury airline and casino company , 98.6 % - owned by Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda Corp. , did n't disclose the purchase price .')))

Input: The proposed stock offering and issuance of nearly 1.8 million common shares in connection with the land purchase will bring MGM Grand 's total shares outstanding to 28.7 million , of which 72 % will be owned by Mr. Kerkorian and Tracinda , according to the prospectus .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 28.7 million .', CO/LIST('The proposed stock offering will bring MGM Grand 's total shares outstanding .','Issuance of nearly 1.8 million common shares in connection with the land purchase will bring MGM Grand 's total shares outstanding .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Kerkorian was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the prospectus of 28.7 million .','72 % will be owned by Kerkorian and Tracinda .'))))

Input: The company said it estimates the Desert Inn remodeling will cost about $ 32 million , and the refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft , made by McDonnell Douglas Corp. , will cost around $ 24.5 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it estimates .','The Desert Inn remodeling will cost about $ 32 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft will cost around $ 24.5 million .','The refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft is made by McDonnell Douglas Corp. .')))

Input: The resort will include the MGM Grand Hotel , a multi-spired , castle-like facility that will include 5,000 rooms and 85,000 square feet of casino space .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The MGM Grand Hotel is a multi-spired , castle-like facility .', CO/LIST('A multi-spired , castle-like facility will include 5,000 rooms .','A multi-spired , castle-like facility will include 85,000 square feet of casino space .' ), 'The resort will include the MGM Grand Hotel .'))

Input: The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The facility will be marketed toward families .','Room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night .' ), 'This was what MGM Grand said .')

Input: Money funds invest in such things as short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and certificates of deposit , all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as short-term Treasury securities .', CO/LIST('Money funds invest in such things .','Money funds invest in commercial paper .','Money funds invest in certificates of deposit , all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring .'))

Input: The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 or less at major banks was 7.96 % in the week ended Tuesday , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Banxquote Money Markets were a New York information service .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the week .','The week was ended Tuesday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Banxquote Money Markets .','The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 or less at major banks was 7.96 % .')))

Input: The average 30-day simple yield slid to 8.22 % from 8.26 % , and the average 30-day compound yield fell to 8.56 % from 8.60 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.26 % .','The average 30-day simple yield slid to 8.22 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.60 % .','The average 30-day compound yield fell to 8.56 % .'))

Input: Many small investors are facing a double whammy this year : They got hurt by investing in the highly risky junk bond market , and the pain is worse because they did it with borrowed money .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many small investors are facing a double whammy this year .', CO/LIST('They got hurt by investing in the highly risky junk bond market .', SUB/CAUSE('The pain is worse .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with borrowed money .','They did it .'))))

Input: Leverage is never a problem for the traditional open end mutual funds , which are n't publicly traded and are n't allowed to use leverage at all .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the traditional open end .', SUB/ELABORATION('Leverage is never a problem mutual funds .', CO/LIST('Mutual funds are n't publicly traded .','Mutual funds are n't allowed to use leverage at all .')))

Input: The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock , using the proceeds to buy additional bonds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If someone actually sat down and thought about what they were being sold , says Gerald Perritt , editor of the Mutual Fund Letter in Chicago , they might shy away .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald Perritt is editor of the Mutual Fund Letter in Chicago .', SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST(', Someone actually sat down .',', Someone actually thought about what they were being sold .' ), ', Says Gerald Perritt , they might shy away .'))

Input: In a typical leverage strategy , a fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow and the higher return on the bonds it buys with the borrowed money .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a typical leverage strategy .', CO/LIST('A fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow .','A fund tries to capture the higher return on the bonds .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the borrowed money .','It buys the bonds .')))

Input: As long as I am borrowing at 9.9 % and each -LCB- bond -RCB- yields over that , it enhances the yield , he maintains .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('I am borrowing at 9.9 % .','I am borrowing at each -LCB- bond -RCB- yields over that .' ), 'It enhances the yield .' ), 'He maintains .')

Input: New America High Income Fund recently said that it plans to reduce its leverage position by buying back $ 5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what New America High Income Fund said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by buying back $ 5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors .','It plans to reduce its leverage position .'))

Input: Prospect Street High Income Portfolio , for instance , now holds about 15 % in cash and equivalents , nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year , says John Frabotta , portfolio co-manager .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says the fund , which is 40 % leveraged , has maintained a substantial cushion between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio 's bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', CO/LIST('The fund has maintained a substantial cushion between its borrowing costs .','The fund has maintained the yields of the portfolio 's bonds .' ), 'The fund is 40 % leveraged .'))

Input: At some point , if we are unable to cover our leveraged cost -- and at the moment we 're right on it -- we 're going to have to make a move .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('We are unable to cover our leveraged cost .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at some point .', CO/LIST('We 're right on it .','-- we 're going to have to make a move .')))

Input: And if she and the Battery Park City Authority have their way , her horticulturally inept plan will soon go public as a real garden artwork in the downtown complex .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST(', She have their way .','The Battery Park City Authority have their way .' ), 'And , her horticulturally inept plan will soon go public as a real garden artwork in the downtown complex .')

Input: Created by an artist who flaunts her ignorance of plants and gardens , South Gardens , as now planned , will die from congestive garden design .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as now planned .',', South Gardens are created by an artist .' ), 'An artist flaunts her ignorance of plants and gardens .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as now planned .',', South Gardens will die from congestive garden design .'))

Input: Undeterred , the BPCA hired Ms. Bartlett and another confessed garden ignoramus , the architect Alexander Cooper , who claimed he had never visited , much less built , a garden , and said of the project , I do n't view this as a landscape .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bartlett is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alexander Cooper is the architect .','Undeterred , the BPCA hired Bartlett and another confessed garden ignoramus , Alexander Cooper much less built , a garden , and said of the project , I do n't view this as a landscape .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Alexander Cooper claimed .','He had never visited .')))

Input: The firm of Bruce Kelly\/David Varnell Landscape Architects had created Central Park 's Strawberry Fields and Shakespeare Garden .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She has done little more than recycle her standard motifs -- trees , water , landscape fragments , rudimentary square houses , circles , triangles , rectangles -- and fit them into a grid , as if she were making one of her gridded two-dimensional works for a gallery wall .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trees were water .', SUB/ELABORATION('Trees landscape fragments were rudimentary square houses .', SUB/ELABORATION('Trees landscape fragments circles were triangles .',', She has done little more than recycle her standard motifs -- trees landscape fragments circles rectangles -- and fit them into a grid , as if she were making one of her gridded two-dimensional works for a gallery wall .')))

Input: As she put it in a 1987 lecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design : I have designed a garden , not knowing the difference between a rhododendron and a tulip .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a 1987 lecture .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the Harvard Graduate School of Design .',', She put it .' )CO/LIST(': I have designed a garden , not knowing the difference between a rhododendron .',': I have designed a garden , not knowing the difference between a tulip .')))

Input: And she further stunned her listeners by revealing her secret garden design method : Commissioning a friend to spend five or six thousand dollars ... on books that I ultimately cut up .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','And she further stunned her listeners .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she was revealing her secret garden design method .','I ultimately cut up .' ), 'And she further was commissioning a friend to spend five or six thousand dollars ... on books that I ultimately cut up .'))

Input: Ms. Bartlett told her audience that she absolutely did not believe in compromise or in giving in to the client because I do n't think you can do watered-down versions of things .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bartlett was Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bartlett told her audience .',', She absolutely did not believe in compromise or in giving in to the client because I do n't think you can do watered-down versions of things .'))

Input: Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bartlett was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for plants or people .','Bartlett 's little rooms left little room .'))

Input: Kelly\/Varnell had put South Gardens ' carrying capacity at four people per room , or about 100 humans overall .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One she made into a topiary rec room , replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger , TV , piano and chairs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One shaped into a Barcalounger , TV , piano and chairs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into a topiary rec room .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was replete with plants .',', She made One .')))

Input: She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting , and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', She ordered the foyer .','The foyer was done in a different plaid planting .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', She made .','The landscape architects study a book on tartans .'))

Input: In one garden roomette she implanted a 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a plaid tile floor conceit , a zinc sink , a huge fishbowl with carp and a birdcage with cockatoos .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A plaid tile floor conceit was a zinc sink .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in one garden roomette .',', She implanted .' )CO/LIST('A 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a plaid tile floor conceit .','A 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a huge fishbowl with carp .','A 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a birdcage with cockatoos .')))

Input: In another compartment called the Linden Bosque , 62 linden trees were to be crowded together at killing intervals of 10 or 16 feet .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in another compartment .','Another compartment was called the Linden Bosque .' ), '62 linden trees were to be crowded together at killing intervals of 10 or 16 feet .')

Input: Furthermore , she had insisted on paths so narrow -LRB- five to eight feet -RRB- and hedge corners so square that standard maintenance equipment -- trucks or cherry pickers -- could n't maneuver .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was furthermore .',', She had insisted on paths so narrow -LRB- five to eight feet -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is furthermore .','Hedge corners so square .' ), ', Standard maintenance equipment -- trucks or cherry pickers -- could n't maneuver .'))

Input: She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront , blotting out the city 's great natural water features , the harbor and the river .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront .', CO/LIST(', She was blotting out the city 's great natural water features .',', She was blotting out the harbor .',', She was blotting out the river .'))

Input: -LRB- Within her garden , she has decreed a waterfall , a rill , ponds and other costly , trivial waterworks beside the Hudson . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was beside the Hudson .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a rill .', CO/LIST('-LRB- Within her garden , she has decreed a waterfall ponds . -RRB- .','-LRB- Within her garden , she has decreed a other costly , trivial waterworks . -RRB- .')))

Input: The Parks Council wrote the BPCA that this too private ... exclusive , complex and expensive enclosed garden ... belongs in almost any location but the waterfront .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Parks Council wrote the BPCA .', SUB/ELABORATION('Exclusive is complex and expensive enclosed garden .','This too private ... exclusive ... belongs in almost any location but the waterfront .'))

Input: By removing the hedges and some walls , the Bryant Park Restoration is opening it up .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The Bryant Park Restoration is removing the hedges .','The Bryant Park Restoration is removing some walls .' ), 'The Bryant Park Restoration is opening it up .')

Input: The 8 ft. hedges which obstruct views in and out of small rooms insure ... that this garden will be a potential breeding ground for crime .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The 8 ft. hedges of small rooms insure ... .','The 8 ft. hedges obstruct views in and out .' ), 'This garden will be a potential breeding ground for crime .')

Input: BPCA President and CEO David Emil hopes to negotiate a seawall that could be significantly more visually permeable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('David Emil is BPCA President .','David Emil is CEO .' )SUB/ELABORATION('David Emil hopes to negotiate a seawall .','A seawall could be significantly more visually permeable .'))

Input: There is still time , however , for Gov. Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino , chairman of the BPCA board , to prevent this topiary Tilted Arc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mario Cuomo is Gov. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino is chairman of the BPCA board .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','There is still time .' ), 'Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino to prevent this topiary Tilted Arc .')))

Input: It is this adapting of absurd knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Bank of England , on the other hand , had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency , and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the other hand .','The Bank of England had gold reserves .' ), 'Gold reserves averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency .' ), 'Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world .')

Input: The most likely reason for this disparity is that the Bank of England was a private bank with substantial earning assets , and the common-law rights of creditors to collect claims against the bank were well established in Britain .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The most likely reason for this disparity is .','The Bank of England was a private bank with substantial earning assets .' ), 'The common-law rights of creditors to collect claims against the bank were well established in Britain .')

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Richard Breeden told a congressional subcommittee that he would consider imposing circuit breakers to halt program trading at volatile times .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Breeden was Exchange Commission Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Securities and Richard Breeden told a congressional subcommittee .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at volatile times .','He would consider imposing circuit breakers to halt program trading .')))

Input: Circuit breakers , designed to give the markets a breather in cases of sharp price movements , curb trading of futures or stocks at various trigger points .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at various trigger points .',', Circuit breakers curb trading of futures or stocks .' ), ', Circuit breakers are designed to give the markets a breather in cases of sharp price movements .')

Input: Rep. Edward Markey -LRB- D. , Mass. -RRB- , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb turmoil in the marketplace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward Markey is Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. is Mass. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Edward Markey -LRB- D. -RRB- , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the marketplace .','Hopes would curb turmoil .'))))

Input: He argued that program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets and scaring individual investors .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he argued .', CO/LIST('Program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets .','Program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is scaring individual investors .'))

Input: But the new chairman vehemently opposed a provision in the bill that would give the agency the right to close the markets at times of stress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the bill .','But the new chairman vehemently opposed a provision .' ), 'The bill would give the agency the right to close the markets at times of stress .')

Input: Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs , and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs .', SUB/ELABORATION('The agency is worried .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the firms .','A sharp market drop could create capital problems .')))

Input: K mart officials and Mr. Pilevsky would n't comment on the sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Pilevsky is K mart officials .','Pilevsky is Mr. .' ), 'Pilevsky would n't comment on the sale .')

Input: Analysts are estimating third-quarter earnings will drop between 13 % and 20 % to about 50 to 55 cents per share , compared with 63 cents per share in the year-ago quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts are estimating .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to about 50 to 55 cents per share .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago quarter .','This was compared with 63 cents per share .' ), 'Third-quarter earnings will drop between 13 % and 20 % .')))

Input: The company typically sells the centers it develops , but has usually sold only one or several at a time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company typically sells the centers .', CO/CONTRAST('It develops .','It has usually sold only one or several at a time the centers .'))

Input: We just do n't have the staff to -LCB- deliver -RCB- it , nor do we have the space or the time , says a spokesman for the Schaumburg , Ill. , electronics company , which has 5,000 employees in the Austin area .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Businesses across the country are getting fed up with junk mail , and some are saying they just are n't going to take it anymore -- literally .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Businesses across the country are getting fed up with junk mail .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some are saying .','They just are n't going to take it anymore -- literally .'))

Input: According to the Direct Marketing Association , total direct mail -- to both businesses and consumers -- jumped 50 % to 65.4 billion pieces in 1988 from five years earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 65.4 billion pieces in 1988 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from five years earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the Direct Marketing Association .','Total direct mail -- to both businesses and consumers -- jumped 50 % .')))

Input: The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies to action , with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to action .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it .','The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies .'))

Input: The practice of businesses throwing out junk mail is a commonly known problem , and it 's increasing as companies attempt to put through budget cuts across the board , right down to the mail-room level , says Stephen Belth , a list consultant and chairman of the Direct Marketing Association 's business-to-business council .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it 's like biting the hand that feeds them , because every one of these companies uses direct marketing .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('But it 's like biting the hand .','The hand feeds them .' ), 'Every one of these companies uses direct marketing .')

Input: If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , a spokesman says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they think .','Are appropriate .' ), 'This is what a spokesman says .')

Input: As of March 1 , its Flint office , with about 2,500 employees , stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as of March 1 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with about 2,500 employees .', CO/LIST('Its Flint office stopped delivering bulk mail .','Its Flint office stopped delivering non-subscription magazines .')))

Input: And before it does , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('It does .', SUB/ELABORATION('And , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first place .','The clutter created the situation .')))

Input: We 're going to have to mail a lot less and a lot smarter , says Jack Miller , president of Quill Corp. , a Lincolnshire , Ill. , business-to-business mail-order company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hyundai Motor America , fighting quality complaints , declining sales and management turmoil , yesterday unveiled its 1990 ad strategy , tagged We 're Making More Sense Than Ever .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Hyundai Motor America was fighting quality complaints .','Hyundai Motor America was fighting declining sales .','Hyundai Motor America was fighting management turmoil .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Hyundai Motor America yesterday unveiled its 1990 ad strategy .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its 1990 ad strategy was tagged .','We 're Making More Sense Than Ever .')))

Input: As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines , the other car , which is white , slowly turns green .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines .','The announcer reads favorable quotes .' ), 'The other car slowly turns green .' ), 'The other car is white .')

Input: EWDB , formed by the merger of Eurocom and Della Femina McNamee WCRS , said it agreed to buy Vizeversa , an agency in Barcelona .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vizeversa was an agency in Barcelona .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what EWDB , formed by the merger of Eurocom and Della Femina McNamee WCRS , said .','It agreed to buy Vizeversa .'))

Input: The Chivas ad illustrates -- via a series of pullouts -- the wild reactions from the pool man , gardener and others if not given Chivas for Christmas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Packwood all but conceded defeat , telling Mr. Mitchell : I sense at this stage you may have the votes .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Packwood was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Packwood all but conceded defeat .','Packwood all but was telling Mitchell .' )SUB/ELABORATION('I sense at this stage .','You may have the votes this stage .')))

Input: Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on future legislation and Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Packwood was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Mitchell was future legislation .','Mitchell was Sen. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again .','Their tone was good-natured .')))

Input: And Democrats , who are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut , are finding reasons to say no , at least for now .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('And Democrats are finding reasons .','This is to say no , at least for now .' ), 'Democrats are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut .')

Input: A number of us are not going to touch capital gains , IRAs or anything else unless it contributes to deficit-reduction , said Sen. Charles Robb -LRB- D. , Va. -RRB- , who is one of the 10 to 20 Democrats who the Bush administration believes might favor giving preferential treatment to capital gains .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was outspoken opposition to cutting the capital-gains tax this year , according to participants .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to participants .','And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was outspoken opposition .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to participants .','And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was cutting the capital-gains tax this year .')))

Input: Another significant factor in the capitalgains debate is the extent to which it has become a purely political battle between President Bush and Senate Majority Leader Mitchell .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was political battle between President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Mitchell was Senate Majority Leader .','Another significant factor in the capitalgains debate is the extent to which it has become a purely Bush and Mitchell .'))

Input: Today , Sen. Mitchell and other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitchell is Sen. .', CO/LIST('Today , Mitchell plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal .','Today , other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal .'))

Input: Japan plans to send the Chinese back home and is negotiating with the Chinese government , a Justice Ministry official said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Japan plans to send the Chinese back home .','Japan is negotiating with the Chinese government .' ), 'This was what a Justice Ministry official said .')

Input: The state Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from the information service SISAL said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Supply Regulator Institute was The state .', SUB/ELABORATION(', SISAL was the information service .',', Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from SISAL said .'))

Input: But officials in Rome say the issue was legally resolved by a settlement between Italy and King Idris , deposed by Col. Muammar Gadhafi in 1969 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Idris was a settlement between Italy and King .', SUB/ELABORATION('Muammar Gadhafi was Col. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what officials in Rome say .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue was legally resolved by Idris .','Idris was deposed by Muammar Gadhafi in 1969 .'))))

Input: The action , in the Canadian Federal Court , will be against Canada , the Netherlands , West Germany , Britain and the U.S. , the ministry spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the Canadian Federal Court .', CO/LIST('The action will be against Canada .','The action will be against the Netherlands .','The action will be against West Germany .','The action will be against Britain .','The action will be against the U.S. .' ), 'This was what the ministry spokesman said .'))

Input: Japan suspended imports of French mushrooms after finding some contaminated by radiation , an official of the Ministry of Health and Welfare said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after .','Japan suspended imports of French mushrooms .' ), 'Japan was finding some contaminated by radiation .' ), 'This was what an official of the Ministry of Health and Welfare said .')

Input: Since then , the ministry has announced 50 bans on food imports from European countries , including Italy , Spain , Turkey , Greece and the Soviet Union .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from European countries .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on food imports .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was including Italy , Spain , Turkey , Greece and the Soviet Union .','The ministry has announced 50 bans .'))))

Input: Alarmed councilors say the project could jeopardize costly efforts to stop , or slow down , the subsidence that makes Venice subject to regular and destructive flooding .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what alarmed councilors say .', SUB/PURPOSE('The project could jeopardize costly efforts .','This is to stop , or slow down , the subsidence that makes Venice subject to regular and destructive flooding .'))

Input: AGIP refused to reconsider and says drilling is due to start early next year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('AGIP refused to reconsider .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what AGIP says .','Drilling is due to start early next year .'))

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , the company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 , or 22 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 5.1 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of about $ 5.1 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 .','The company posted 22 cents a share .')))

Input: It is primarily a certified outpatient treatment facility providing comprehensive services to people with epilepsy and their families .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is primarily a certified outpatient treatment facility .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to people with epilepsy .','This is to people with their families .' ), 'A certified outpatient treatment facility is providing comprehensive services .'))

Input: The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services ; collects patient fees ; receives money through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services .','The institute collects patient fees .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests .','The institute receives money .'))

Input: The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns about the people we treat and care about daily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about the people .','The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns .' ), 'We treat and care about daily .')

Input: The buy-out group is headed by Paul R. Lederer , president of Parker 's automotive group , and includes several other executives of the three divisions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paul R. Lederer was president of Parker 's automotive group .', CO/LIST('The buy-out group is headed by Paul R. Lederer .','The buy-out group includes several other executives of the three divisions .'))

Input: The units are the Edelmann , Ideal and Plews divisions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And oh , yes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Excalibur , with a castlelike hotel , jousting tournaments and other Arthurian attractions , will be able to handle up to 30,000 visitors a day when it opens in 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with a castlelike hotel .','This is with jousting tournaments .','This is with other Arthurian attractions .' ), 'The Excalibur will be able to handle up to 30,000 visitors a day when it opens in 1990 .')

Input: If MGM Grand Inc. proceeds with its plan for an amusement park -- a $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel that would become Las Vegas 's biggest -- the investment in the three properties will total some $ 1.6 billion .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('MGM Grand Inc. proceeds with its plan for an amusement park -- a $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel -- .','A $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel would become Las Vegas 's biggest .' ), 'The investment in the three properties will total some $ 1.6 billion .')

Input: Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is above $ 3 billion over the next few years .',', Still other projects could put expenditures .' )CO/CONTRAST('Other projects have been announced .','Other projects have been not yet started .'))

Input: Stephen A. Wynn , who owns 29.4 % of Golden Nugget 's shares , says the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Stephen A. Wynn says .','The Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors .' ), ', Stephen A. Wynn owns 29.4 % of Golden Nugget 's shares .')

Input: The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas 's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795 , or nearly 20 % , to 75,500 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is by 11,795 .','This is by nearly 20 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 75,500 .','The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas 's supply of hotel rooms .'))

Input: Nobody yet seems to have calculated the total number of slot machines , crap tables or roulette wheels Las Vegas will add to the enormous store that Lady Luck already guards here , much less the ultimate impact of the growth on schools and municipal services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Las Vegas was roulette wheels .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Nobody yet seems to have calculated the total number of slot machines , crap tables will add to the enormous store .','Nobody yet seems to have calculated the total number of slot machines , Las Vegas will add to the enormous store .' )CO/LIST('Lady Luck already guards here , much less the ultimate impact of the growth on schools .','Lady Luck already guards here , much less the ultimate impact of the growth on municipal services .')))

Input: Traffic is certainly a concern , as is pollution , water and an adequate labor market , says Frank Sain , executive director of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This year , by one means of transport or another , more than 18 million people will visit the city .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is by one means of transport .','This is by one means of another .' ), 'This year more than 18 million people will visit the city .')

Input: Amid a riot of jousting knights , circus clowns , gold-leaf centurions and creatures of the wild , lesser competitors will fall .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is amid a riot of jousting knights .','This is amid a riot of circus clowns .','This is amid a riot of gold-leaf centurions .','This is amid a riot of creatures of the wild .' ), 'Lesser competitors will fall .')

Input: Caesars World Inc. plans to defend its august reputation by sinking $ 190 million into its opulent Caesars Palace , next door to the new Mirage , and adding a $ 100 million shopping area reminiscent of Rodeo Drive .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is next door to the new Mirage .','This is by sinking $ 190 million into its opulent Caesars Palace , and adding a $ 100 million shopping area reminiscent of Rodeo Drive .' ), ', Caesars World Inc. plans to defend its august reputation .')

Input: The Flamingo Hilton , Imperial Palace , Frontier and others are pouring millions of dollars into facelifts , new room towers and casino floor space just to keep up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is into facelifts .','This is into new room towers .','This is into casino floor space .' )SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The Flamingo Hilton are pouring millions of dollars just .','Imperial Palace are pouring millions of dollars just .','Frontier are pouring millions of dollars just .','Others are pouring millions of dollars just .' ), 'This is to keep up .'))

Input: Other casino owners , Circus Circus among them , are financing their expansion with their own cash and revolving credit lines from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Other casino owners are Circus Circus among them .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with their own cash and revolving credit lines .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada .','Other casino owners are financing their expansion .')))

Input: Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at in-room TV sets and other fripperies that distracted from gambling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at in-room TV sets .','Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at other fripperies .' ), 'Other fripperies distracted from gambling .')

Input: Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', Casinos today offer bowling alleys .',', Casinos today offer water parks .',', Casinos today offer golf courses .',', Casinos today offer tennis courts .',', Casinos today offer lush swimming pools .',', Casinos today offer other diversions .' ), 'More such facilities are being designed .')

Input: For now , however , the naysayers ' voices are drowned by the roar of cement mixers and the clanging of construction cranes along the Strip .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for now .', CO/LIST('The naysayers ' voices are drowned by the roar of cement mixers .','The naysayers ' voices are drowned by the clanging of construction cranes along the Strip .')))

Input: The ferocious competition probably will drive some poorly managed properties into bankruptcy or new ownership .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was into bankruptcy .','This was into new ownership .' ), 'The ferocious competition probably will drive some poorly managed properties .')

Input: The Dunes , the Aladdin and the Riviera were all acquired by the present owners from bankruptcy proceedings spawned by the last recession , in the early 1980s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the early 1980s .','This was from bankruptcy proceedings .' ), 'Bankruptcy proceedings were spawned by the last recession .' )CO/LIST('The Dunes were all acquired by the present owners .','The Aladdin were all acquired by the present owners .','The Riviera were all acquired by the present owners .'))

Input: There 's probably going to be some pressure on occupancy and room rates over the next year , but after that you should see the market return to 80%-plus occupancy and regular rates , says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Wynn seems confident that it will produce a healthy profit , but some securities analysts doubt it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Wynn is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wynn seems confident .','It will produce a healthy profit .' ), ', Some securities analysts doubt it .'))

Input: Competitors and analysts say that among large existing properties Bally Manufacturing Corp. 's Bally Grand hotel-casino probably will be hardest hit among major properties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bally Manufacturing Corp. was properties .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what competitors and analysts say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among large existing Bally Manufacturing .',', Corp. 's Bally Grand hotel-casino probably will be hardest hit among major .')))

Input: But it 'll sure make you poorer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Circus Circus lures them with low room rates , inexpensive buffets and entertainment for children at no extra charge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for children at no extra charge .', CO/LIST('This is with low room rates .','This is with inexpensive buffets .','This is with entertainment .' ), 'The Circus Circus lures them .'))

Input: While his company 's hotel is building a retail complex in Beverly Hills style and redoing existing rooms , it has decreased the number of its rooms .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('His company 's hotel is building a retail complex in Beverly Hills style .','His company 's hotel is redoing existing rooms .' ), 'It has decreased the number of its rooms .')

Input: Caesars has made a specialty of catering to high rollers from abroad , who are also being aggressively courted by the Mirage , the Las Vegas Hilton and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Caesars has made a specialty of catering to high rollers from abroad .', CO/LIST('Abroad are also being aggressively courted by the Mirage .','Abroad are also being aggressively courted by the Las Vegas Hilton .','Abroad are also being aggressively courted by others .'))

Input: Other , smaller concerns are also pursuing market niches -- Hawaiian tourists , for example , or the local trade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Other , smaller concerns are also pursuing market niches -- Hawaiian tourists .','Other , smaller concerns are also pursuing market niches -- the local trade .'))

Input: Off the Strip , MarCor is building the Rio , a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is off the Strip .', CO/LIST('MarCor is building the Rio .','MarCor is building a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme .','MarCor is building only 430 rooms -- all of them suites .'))

Input: If after such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill , it shall be sent , together with the Objections , to the other House , by which it shall likewise be reconsidered , and if approved by two thirds of that House , it shall become a Law ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after such Reconsideration .','Two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was together with the Objections .','It shall be sent to the other House ... .' ), 'It shall likewise be reconsidered by the other House .' ), 'If approved by two thirds of that House , it shall become a Law ... .'))

Input: Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they 've joined the search .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Quayle was Vice President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Darman was Budget Director .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Quayle and Darman said recently .','They 've joined the search .')))

Input: President Bush does n't have any provision in mind , but line-item-veto bait will be like earthworms at midnight in the coming Continuing Resolution .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is President .','Bush does n't have any provision in mind .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the coming Continuing Resolution .','Line-item-veto bait will be like earthworms at midnight .'))

Input: The 1974 budget reform , passed over President Nixon 's veto , took away the presidential impoundment power , thereby introducing monstrous CRs and eviscerating the presidential veto .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nixon was President .', SUB/ELABORATION('The 1974 budget reform took away the presidential impoundment power , thereby introducing monstrous CRs and eviscerating the presidential veto .','The 1974 budget reform was passed over Nixon 's veto .'))

Input: Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an order , resolution or vote or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Section 7 was article I .',', Section 7 was clause 3 .' ), 'Article I , Section 7 says that whether it 's called an order , resolution or vote or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto .')

Input: The White House had the perfect case , but Congress blinked before it could go to court .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The White House had the perfect case .', SUB/TEMPORAL(', Congress blinked .','It could go to court .'))

Input: Congress inserted the following into the Interior appropriation : None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior and Members and committees of Congress and their staff .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was into the Interior appropriation .',', Congress inserted the following .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on contacts between employees of the Dept. of the Interior .','This was on contacts between employees of Members and committees of Congress and their staff .' ), 'None of the funds available under this title may be used to prepare reports .'))

Input: There are also other provisions requiring Congressmen to join treaty-negotiating teams and new restrictions on OMB .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There are also other provisions .', SUB/PURPOSE('Other provisions are requiring Congressmen .','This is to join treaty-negotiating teams and new restrictions on OMB .'))

Input: And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And you can look to the leadership .', SUB/ELABORATION('And you can ask them .','That is the perception of the American people .'))

Input: Conference negotiator Rep. Bill Hefner pulled down $ 40 million in military bases for North Carolina and graciously allowed Senator James Sasser $ 70 million for bases in Tennessee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bill Hefner was Conference negotiator Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('James Sasser was Senator .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in military bases for North Carolina .','Bill Hefner pulled down $ 40 million .' ), 'Bill Hefner graciously allowed James Sasser $ 70 million for bases in Tennessee .')))

Input: President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand and a budget ax in the other and get to work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is President .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Bush should take the Constitution in one hand .','Bush should take a budget ax in the other .' ), 'Bush should get to work .'))

Input: He should chop out both unconstitutional provisions and budget pork .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Congress may have lost any sense of discipline , but that does n't mean the country must learn to live forever with this mess .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Congress may have lost any sense of discipline .', SUB/ELABORATION('That does n't mean .','The country must learn to live forever with this mess .'))

Input: They immediately termed the proposal inadequate and said the restructuring would not solve the company 's problems .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They immediately termed the proposal inadequate .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .','The restructuring would not solve the company 's problems .'))

Input: But a spokesman for KKR says that with only a 15 % equity stake , it would n't be appropriate for KKR to keep board representation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a spokesman for KKR says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with only a 15 % equity stake .','It would n't be appropriate for KKR to keep board representation .'))

Input: Through investment banker Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , SCI TV is offering to exchange three classes of junk bonds for packages of new bonds and equity that investors value at ranges from 20 cents to 70 cents on the dollar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. is investment banker .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for packages of new bonds and equity .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. .',', SCI TV is offering to exchange three classes of junk bonds that investors value at ranges from 20 cents to 70 cents on the dollar .')))

Input: It also would defer interest and principal on junk bonds that have fallen due ; the grace period for paying the bill expires Nov. 16 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on junk bonds .','It also would defer interest and principal .' ), 'Junk bonds have fallen due .' ), 'The grace period for paying the bill expires Nov. 16 .')

Input: Foreclosures and other signs of financial distress , most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest , are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Foreclosures are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast .','Other signs of financial distress are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast .' )CO/LIST('Foreclosures are most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest .','Other signs of financial distress are most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest .'))

Input: The owners of a 32-acre hotel and office complex in King of Prussia , Pa. , have advertised for new financing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rising office vacancy rates in Fairfield County , Conn. , have builders and bankers scrambling to restructure loans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fairfield County is Conn. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rising office vacancy rates in Fairfield County have builders and bankers .','Builders and bankers are scrambling to restructure loans .'))

Input: Owners are voluntarily -- and quietly -- turning over properties to lenders through deeds in lieu of foreclosure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is through deeds in lieu of foreclosure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to lenders .','Owners are voluntarily -- and quietly -- turning over properties .'))

Input: But in today 's overbuilt market , tenants have many choices and are negotiating low rents that squeeze building owners .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But in today 's overbuilt market , tenants have many choices .', SUB/ELABORATION('But in today 's overbuilt market , tenants are negotiating low rents .','Low rents squeeze building owners .'))

Input: Buyers with $ 6 million to spend can select from 11 designs , including a Mediterranean-inspired California style , a traditional Yankee look and designs inspired by Midwestern architect Frank Lloyd Wright .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Frank Lloyd Wright was Midwestern architect .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was including a Mediterranean-inspired California style .','This was including a traditional Yankee look .','This was including designs inspired by Frank Lloyd Wright .' ), 'Buyers with $ 6 million to spend can select from 11 designs .'))

Input: There are spacious living rooms and baths , plus a master grandparents suite and a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 'll never be like what Bristol-Myers does , he adds , but it helps establish recognition with the public -- and with banks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 'll never be like what Bristol-Myers does .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the public -- and with banks .','It helps establish recognition .'))

Input: Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan , N.J. , has built Cross Creek Pointe , Allegro Pointe and other Pointes in New Jersey .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in New Jersey .', CO/LIST('Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan , N.J. , has built Cross Creek Pointe .','Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan , N.J. , has built Allegro Pointe .','Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan , N.J. , has built other Pointes .'))

Input: Developer Steve Caspi says the same brand name indicates consistent quality , regardless of location , design or amenities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steve Caspi is Developer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Steve Caspi says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is regardless of location , design or amenities .','The same brand name indicates consistent quality .')))

Input: I think there 's a disease called buyer 's regret , and I 'm sure it 's running rampant at this moment , but it gets cured in a short period of time , says Kenneth Leventhal , co-managing partner of Kenneth Leventhal & Co. , a Los Angeles accounting firm specializing in real estate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's a misconception that physical fitness is something for the young and middle-aged , says Michael Pacholik , sales manager of the LA Fitness club , Diamond Bar , Calif .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Association of Quality Clubs , which puts 1988 industry revenue at $ 5 billion , surveyed the health-conscious over-40 market and found that 43 % exercise regularly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Association of Quality Clubs surveyed the health-conscious over-40 market .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Association of Quality Clubs found .','43 % exercise regularly .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at $ 5 billion .','The Association of Quality Clubs puts 1988 industry revenue .')))

Input: He adds : The medical market and the fitness market parallel each other and are going to cross real soon .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('He adds : The medical market parallel each other .','He adds : the fitness market parallel each other .' ), 'He are going to cross real soon .')

Input: In the U.S. , radiation limits are set and monitored by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , which licenses reactors that process the topaz .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .','Radiation limits are set and monitored by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Nuclear Regulatory Commission licenses reactors .','Reactors process the topaz .'))

Input: Boston 's Advent International raises $ 230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is from U.S. pension funds .','This is from other institutions .' ), 'Boston 's Advent International raises $ 230 million .' ), 'This is to invest in Europe .')

Input: Favored ventures include media , telecommunications and retailing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: DRACULA ', S BUSY this time of year , but a visit to his Transylvania castle is part of a Chicago-based Unitours trip in the spring , presumably the count 's off-season .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('DRACULA ', S BUSY this time of year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is presumably .','A visit to his Transylvania castle is part of a Chicago-based Unitours trip in the spring the count 's off-season .'))

Input: But it may have a good listener in Washington .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The commission believes that improving AM service would broaden listening selections and increase options for advertisers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the commission believes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for advertisers .','Improving AM service would broaden listening selections and increase options .'))

Input: Listeners turned to radios run on batteries for news when the San Francisco earthquake and Hurricane Hugo cut power lines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Listeners turned to radios .', SUB/ELABORATION('Radios were run on batteries for news .', CO/LIST('The San Francisco earthquake cut power lines .','Hurricane Hugo cut power lines .')))

Input: The object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options themselves .','This is from fleeting price discrepancies between the stocks themselves .' ), 'The object is to capture profits .')

Input: On Tuesday afternoon , Kemper told Bear , Stearns & Co. , General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kemper told Bear , Stearns & Co. , General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. on Tuesday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with them because of their commitment .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to index arbitrage .','It will no longer do business , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed .')))

Input: Kemper also blasted the Big Board for ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','Kemper also blasted the Big Board .' ), 'Kemper also was ignoring the interests of individual and institutional holders .')

Input: The impression I 've got is they 'd love to do away with it -LCB- program trading -RCB- , but they -LCB- the exchange -RCB- ca n't do it , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The impression is .','I 've got The impression .' ), 'They 'd love to do away with it -LCB- program trading -RCB- .' ), 'They -LCB- the exchange -RCB- ca n't do it .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: He said the market 's volatility disturbs him , but that all the exchange can do is slow down the process by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/CONTRAST('The market 's volatility disturbs him .','That all the exchange can do is slow down the process by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers .'))

Input: We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , he said , citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('We would stop index arbitrage .','The market is under stress .' ), 'We have recently .' ), 'This was what he said , citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week .')

Input: Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody , said in a recent interview , We do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Carpenter is president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody .', SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Carpenter said in a recent interview , We do n't think .','Index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole .'))

Input: But if this prompts others to consider the same thing , then it may become much more important .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('This prompts others to consider the same thing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is then .','But it may become much more important .'))

Input: Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the noncallable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The noncallable issue was rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The noncallable issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .'))

Input: Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .'))

Input: Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Salomon Brothers Inc .'))

Input: Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134.8 million of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1992-2000 , 2009 and 2016 , through a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the lead underwriter .','The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to the lead underwriter .','The bonds are double-A-minus by S&P .'))

Input: Michigan -- $ 80 million of first general obligation bonds -LRB- Series 1989 environmental protection program and recreation program -RRB- , tentatively priced by a Shearson Lehman Hutton group to yield from 6 % for current interest bonds due 1990 to 7.25 % for convertible capital appreciation bonds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Recreation program current interest bonds are due 1990-1995 , and are priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 6.45 % in 1995 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Recreation program current interest bonds are due 1990-1995 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 6.45 % in 1995 .','Recreation program current interest bonds are priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 .'))

Input: All of the bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hokkaido Takushoku Bank -LRB- Japan -RRB- -- 300 million Swiss francs of notes and bonds due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.375 % coupon at par via Swiss Bank Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT Securities , a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp was BT Securities .', CO/LIST('The issue was rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by BT Securities .')))

Input: The need for the loan surprised many analysts and bond holders who had been told at the company 's annual meeting in July that there were n't any major problems ahead .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The need for the loan surprised many analysts and bond holders .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what many analysts and bond holders had been told at the company 's annual meeting in July .','There were n't any major problems ahead .'))

Input: The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated and Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers , button suppliers , trucking firms and fabric houses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Levy is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is not only for Levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers .','This is not only for Levy but for hundreds of button suppliers .','This is not only for Levy but for hundreds of trucking firms .','This is not only for Levy but for hundreds of fabric houses .' ), 'The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated and Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly .'))

Input: Next week , the country 's top designers and manufacturers will begin showing fashions for spring 1990 , the second most important selling season of the year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Spring 1990 is the second most important selling season of the year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for spring 1990 .','Next week , the country 's top designers and manufacturers will begin showing fashions .'))

Input: But those dollars at risk pale in comparison to the investment required to make and ship spring goods to Campeau stores .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the investment .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Campeau stores .','The investment was required to make and ship spring goods .' ), 'But those dollars at risk pale in comparison .'))

Input: What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some credit concerns , such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Federated or Allied stores .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on credit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. .',', Some credit concerns have told clients not to ship anything .')))

Input: Other credit houses , such as Credit Exchange and Solo Credit Service Corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as Credit Exchange .','This is such as Solo Credit Service Corp. .' ), 'Other credit houses are suggesting .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is before shipping .','Their clients study each order .'))

Input: The Campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to analyze .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I 'm going to ship and hope I get paid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Carol Sanger , vice president , corporate communications at Campeau , says that all of the Federated and Allied chains are paying their bills in a timely manner .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carol Sanger is vice president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Carol Sanger corporate communications at Campeau says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a timely manner .','All of the Federated and Allied chains are paying their bills .')))

Input: If goods are shipped to Bloomingdale 's between Oct. 1 and Oct. 20 , manufacturers expect to be paid by Nov. 10 .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('Goods are shipped to Bloomingdale 's between Oct. 1 .','Goods are shipped to Bloomingdale 's between Oct. 20 .' ), 'Manufacturers expect to be paid by Nov. 10 .')

Input: This includes a working capital facility for Allied Stores of $ 350 million that matures March 15 , 1990 , and an $ 800 million bridge loan due April 30 , 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This includes a working capital facility for Allied Stores of $ 350 million .','This includes a working capital facility for Allied Stores of an $ 800 million bridge loan due April 30 , 1990 .' ), 'A working capital facility for Allied Stores of $ 350 million matures March 15 , 1990 .')

Input: In recent months , numerous retailers have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , including Bonwit Teller , B. Altman & Co. , and Miller & Rhoads Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent months .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including Bonwit Teller .','This was including B. Altman & Co. .','This was including Miller & Rhoads Inc .' ), 'Numerous retailers have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection .'))

Input: Those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , such as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's and Bloomingdale 's , have added to the anxiety .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Saks Fifth Avenue was Marshall Field 's .',', Saks Fifth Avenue was Marshall Bloomingdale 's .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as Saks Fifth Avenue .','Those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , have added to the anxiety .'))

Input: We expect they will be current with their debts by the end of the week , but we are considering asking them for letters of credit before we take more orders .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we expect .','They will be current with their debts by the end of the week .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for letters of credit .','We are considering asking them before we take more orders .'))

Input: Not only does your product have to be excellent , but you also have to be able to collect .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bud Konheim , president of Nicole Miller Inc. , says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bud Konheim is president of Nicole Miller Inc. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Bud Konheim says .','His company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains .'))

Input: I 've got limited production , and I ca n't give it to underperformers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 've got limited production .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to underperformers .','I ca n't give it .'))

Input: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service-center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bethlehem Steel Corp. posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to key automotive and service-center customers .', CO/LIST('Bethlehem Steel Corp. was hammered by higher costs .','Bethlehem Steel Corp. was hammered by lower shipments .')))

Input: Separately , two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses , marking what is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .','Two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- reported lower operating earnings in their steel businesses .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what two more of the nation 's top steelmakers -- Armco Inc. and National Intergroup Inc. -- were marking .','What is generally believed to be the end of a two-year boom in the industry .'))

Input: Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 , when the industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion in major product lines , such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Wall Street analysts expect the disappointing trend to continue into the fourth quarter and through at least the first two quarters of 1990 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in major product lines .','The industry will increasingly see the effect of price erosion .' ), ', Such as rolled sheet used for cars , appliances and construction .'))

Input: Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bethlehem was the nation 's second largest steelmaker .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Bethlehem earned $ 46.9 million .','Bethlehem earned 54 cents a share .'))

Input: The figures include $ 15 million in costs related to a blast furnace outage and $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages at the company 's coal operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the company 's coal operations .', CO/LIST('The figures include $ 15 million in costs .','The figures include $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages .' ), ', Costs were related to a blast furnace outage .'))

Input: In the year-ago period , Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million , or $ 1.27 a share , including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million .','Bethlehem earned $ 1.27 a share .')))

Input: However , in spite of the difficult industrywide environment of high cost and low volume , Bethlehem had pretty good earnings numbers , said Michelle Galanter Applebaum , an analyst with Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ms. Applebaum had estimated third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share , but said the losses for the unusual items were larger than expected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Applebaum was Ms. .', CO/CONTRAST('Applebaum had estimated third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Applebaum said .','The losses for the unusual items were larger than expected .')))

Input: The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by service centers .','This was by a lackluster automotive market .','This was by increasing competitive pressures in the construction market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in inventories .','Its shipments declined as a result of a reduction .')))

Input: At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with a year ago .','Production costs were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs .' )CO/LIST('Higher raw material resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .','Employment costs resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 .')))

Input: Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the automotive market .','This was in higher production costs .','This was in a poorer product mix .' ), 'Higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness .'))

Input: National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 8.6 million .','This was for the fiscal second-quarter of 33 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million .','National Intergroup posted net income .' ), 'National Intergroup owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- .'))

Input: The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company noted .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of restructuring moves .','Its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements .'))

Input: However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 10.9 million .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks .','This was as a result of softer demand and lost orders following a threatened strike .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million .')))

Input: Jack Kuehler , IBM 's president , said IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Kuehler was IBM 's president .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jack Kuehler said .','IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work .' ), 'Jack Kuehler declined to be more specific .'))

Input: And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And IBM worries .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .','The Japanese will take over that equipment market .' ), 'U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy .'))

Input: IBM also said it expects to benefit from the expertise that Motorola and other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems involved in semiconductor manufacturing .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what IBM said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It expects to benefit from the expertise that Motorola can bring to bear on the difficult problems .','It expects to benefit from the expertise that other companies can bring to bear on the difficult problems .' ), 'The difficult problems were involved in semiconductor manufacturing .'))

Input: A state-of-the-art plant cost $ 40 million in the mid-1970s but costs $ 500 million today because the technology is so complex .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the mid-1970s .','A state-of-the-art plant cost $ 40 million .' ), 'A state-of-the-art plant costs $ 500 million today because the technology is so complex .')

Input: But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST('But the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line .','But the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light would have trouble painting a thin one .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The images may be too blurry .','They draw The images .')))

Input: X-rays , by contrast , travel straighter and can be focused more tightly than light .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by contrast .','X-rays travel straighter .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by contrast .','X-rays can be focused more tightly than light .'))

Input: They can make the masks brittle and can pass through material they 're not supposed to .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('They can make the masks brittle .','They can pass through material .' ), 'This was what they 're not supposed to .')

Input: Allied-Signal is a unit of Allied-Signal Inc. , a manufacturer with interests in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A unit of Allied-Signal Inc. was a manufacturer with interests in aerospace .', CO/LIST('Allied-Signal is a unit of Allied-Signal Inc. automotive products .','Allied-Signal is engineered materials .'))

Input: In a stunning shift in direction , Provigo Inc. said it will sell all its non-food operations to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Provigo Inc. said in a stunning shift in direction .', SUB/PURPOSE('It will sell all its non-food operations .','This is to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business .'))

Input: In a related move , Pierre Lortie , chairman and chief executive , resigned .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pierre Lortie was chairman and chief executive .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a related move .','Pierre Lortie resigned .'))

Input: Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lortie was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 .','Lortie spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business .'))

Input: Bertin Nadeau , newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo , would n't say if Mr. Lortie was asked to leave .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lortie was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bertin Nadeau was newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo .', SUB/CONDITION('Bertin Nadeau would n't say .','Lortie was asked to leave .')))

Input: Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nadeau is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Unigesco Inc. is Provigo 's controlling shareholder .','Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. .'))

Input: Investors and analysts applauded the news .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lortie was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's .','Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished Lortie 's reputations .'))

Input: Comments by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan lent some support to the dollar , but the U.S. unit ended yesterday lower against most major currencies .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Greenspan was Federal Reserve Board Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the dollar .',', Comments by Alan Greenspan lent some support .' ), 'The U.S. unit ended yesterday lower against most major currencies .'))

Input: Foreign-exchange dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall Street .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what foreign-exchange dealers noted .','The impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what foreign-exchange dealers warned .','The currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall Street .'))

Input: Our essential focus is on domestic policy , Mr. Greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenspan was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Our essential focus is on domestic policy .','This was what Greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy .'))

Input: Many traders forecast a continuation of the market 's recent bearish trend and predict the U.S. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges in the near term and then shift lower .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many traders forecast a continuation of the market 's recent bearish trend .', SUB/ELABORATION('Many traders predict .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the near term .','The U.S. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges .' ), 'The U.S. currency will then shift lower .')))

Input: But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Doug Madison was a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles .', SUB/TEMPORAL('But according to Doug Madison , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing .','The unit can turn lower .'))

Input: Some analysts reckon that the next quarter 's figures will present a more accurate picture of the U.S. economy , showing a marked slowdown in a number of sectors , including housing starts and equities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts reckon .', CO/LIST('The next quarter 's figures will present a more accurate picture of the U.S. economy .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is including housing starts and equities .','This is in a number of sectors .' ), 'The next quarter 's figures are showing a marked slowdown .')))

Input: Lawrence Insurance Group Inc. said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('United Republic Reinsurance Co. was a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lawrence Insurance Group Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from United Savings Association of Texas .','It acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. for $ 28 million .')))

Input: One reason : banks -- likely to react to any new UAL deal with even more caution than the first time around -- probably will insist on labor harmony before they agree to put up cash for any new bid or even a less-ambitious recapitalization plan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If you have both -LCB- labor -RCB- groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You have both -LCB- labor -RCB- groups on strike .', CO/LIST('You 've got no revenue .','That 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at .'))

Input: Just this past week , a leading Japanese bank asked for a meeting with the machinists ' union leaders to determine where the union would stand if another bid or recapitalization became possible .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the machinists ' union leaders .','Just this past week , a leading Japanese bank asked for a meeting .' ), 'This was to determine where the union would stand if another bid or recapitalization became possible .')

Input: That gives them both the threat of a strike and the ability to resist any wage concessions that may be necessary to make a transaction work .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('That gives them both the threat of a strike .','That gives them both the threat of the ability .' ), 'This is to resist any wage concessions that may be necessary to make a transaction work .')

Input: There 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , said Richard Nye , of Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover stock-trader .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both the pilots and machinists have made it clear that they intend to block any transaction they do n't like .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Both the pilots and machinists have made it clear .', SUB/ELABORATION('They intend to block any transaction .','They do n't like any transaction .'))

Input: But at this point , that may just be wishful thinking .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The machinists lobbied heavily against the original bid from UAL pilots and management for the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from UAL pilots and management .','The machinists lobbied heavily against the original bid .'))

Input: She also notes that even if the pilots accept a minority stake now , they still could come back at a later time and try to take control .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what she notes .', SUB/CONDITION('The pilots accept a minority stake now .', CO/LIST('They still could come back at a later time .','They still could try to take control .')))

Input: In that way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in that way .','The pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal .' ), 'A recapitalization gives employees a majority stake .')

Input: The group did n't make a formal offer , but instead told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The group did n't make a formal offer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the group told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was working on a bid .','A bid was valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .')))

Input: But again , they may need the help of the machinists .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the quarter .','The quarter was ended Sept. 30 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million .','Delta posted net income of $ 2.53 a share .')))

Input: America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('America West would n't identify the entity .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what America West said .','The payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases .'))

Input: For the nine months , America West posted earnings of $ 18.9 million , or 97 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 9.7 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with a loss of $ 9.7 million a year earlier .','This was compared with a loss of 74 cents a share , a year earlier .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('America West posted earnings of $ 18.9 million .','America West posted earnings of 97 cents a share .')))

Input: In the U.S. , the Hartford Courant has a facsimile edition and some other newspapers are considering the idea .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. .','The Hartford Courant has a facsimile edition .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. .',', Some other newspapers are considering the idea .'))

Input: Michael T. Carr , advertising director of Playboy magazine , was named publisher of National Lampoon and Heavy Metal magazines , succeeding George Agoglia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael T. Carr was advertising director of Playboy magazine .', CO/LIST('Michael T. Carr was named publisher of National Lampoon and Heavy Metal magazines .','Michael T. Carr was succeeding George Agoglia .'))

Input: It was the first management change since film-makers Daniel Grodnik and Tim Matheson took control of National Lampoon Inc. in March .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daniel Grodnik was the first management change since film-makers .', CO/LIST('It was Daniel Grodnik .','Tim Matheson took control of National Lampoon Inc. in March .'))

Input: For the quarter a year ago , Columbia reported earnings of $ 16.3 million , or 37 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Columbia reported earnings of $ 16.3 million .',', Columbia reported earnings of 37 cents a share .')))

Input: The loss stems from $ 357.5 million of write-downs on Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio , which includes about $ 3.7 billion of junk bonds , $ 400 million of preferred stock , and Treasury securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio were $ 400 million of preferred stock .',', Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio were Treasury securities .' ), 'The loss stems from $ 357.5 million of write-downs on Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio .' ), ', Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio includes about $ 3.7 billion of junk bonds .')

Input: For the nine months , losses totaled $ 212 million , or $ 10.83 a share , compared with net income of $ 48.7 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with net income of $ 48.7 million a year earlier .','This was compared with net income of $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Losses totaled $ 212 million .','Losses totaled $ 10.83 a share .')))

Input: Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Thrift officials said .','The $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly .' ), 'Thrift officials will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions .')

Input: Because Columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is within five years .',', Columbia now must sell the bonds .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the lower of cost or market prices .','Accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds .'))

Input: For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Columbia officials said for its future strategy .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The thrift may branch out into commercial lending .','The thrift may branch out into managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities .'))

Input: But he said Columbia remains one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital .',', Columbia remains one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry .'))

Input: Anheuser , the world 's largest brewer and U.S. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in price-cutting as a means of boosting sales volume .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Anheuser was the world 's largest brewer .','Anheuser was U.S. market leader .' ), 'Anheuser has historically been reluctant to engage in price-cutting as a means of boosting sales volume .')

Input: With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales .','The once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry .'))

Input: The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months on their premium brands .','The St. Louis company said major rivals , Adolph Coors Co. have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months on their premium brands .' )CO/LIST('The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit were pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets .','The St. Louis company said major rivals , Adolph Coors Co. were pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets .'))

Input: Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Anheuser said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 .','Its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings .'))

Input: Beneath the tepid news-release jargon lies a powerful threat from the brewing giant , which last year accounted for about 41 % of all U.S. beer sales and is expected to see that grow to 42.5 % in the current year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Thompson calls discounting a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thompson was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is without a dominant market share .','Thompson calls discounting a loser 's game for anyone .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Thompson projected .','Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle .')))

Input: Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell-off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Thompson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Thompson noted .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public .','The disappointing earnings contributed to the sell-off .' ), 'The disappointing earnings fell five cents a share short of his own projections .')))

Input: Pioneer Electronic and Sony , both of which dominated buying earlier this month , continued to fall Wednesday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pioneer was down 90 at 5,810 , and Sony lost 40 to 8,550 , down 10 % from its record set Oct. 11 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Pioneer was down 90 at 5,810 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 10 % from its record set .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 8,550 .',', Sony lost 40 Oct. 11 .')))

Input: Dealers said the market gained some late steam on a flurry of buying by market-makers looking at blue-chip issues and stocks viewed as oversold during the market 's recent downtrend .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a flurry of buying by market-makers .', SUB/ELABORATION('Market-makers were looking at blue-chip issues and stocks .','Blue-chip issues and stocks were viewed as oversold during the market 's recent downtrend .' ), 'The market gained some late steam .')))

Input: There was little turnover and nothing to stimulate the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the -LCB- parliamentary -RCB- elections , the U.S. trader said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('All the positive figures on the economy are out already .', CO/LIST('People are focusing more on the dangers for next year .','People are focusing more on the dangers for mostly the wage talks .','People are focusing more on the dangers for the -LCB- parliamentary -RCB- elections .' ), 'This was what the U.S. trader said .'))

Input: The market also shrugged off positive factors , such as higher bond prices and a slowdown in monetary growth in September , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in monetary growth in September .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was such as higher bond prices .','This was such as a slowdown .' ), 'The market also shrugged off positive factors .' ), 'This was what traders said .'))

Input: They said they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer , as trading volume is falling toward the end of the year and the market is becoming more volatile .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as trading .','Volume is falling toward the end of the year .' ), 'The market is becoming more volatile .')))

Input: Other banks were slightly more resilient , with Dresdner Bank shedding 4.8 to 320 , and Commerzbank slipping 2.5 to
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Dresdner Bank .','Other banks were slightly more resilient .' )CO/LIST('Dresdner Bank was shedding 4.8 to 320 .',', Commerzbank slipping 2.5 to .'))

Input: Among Pacific markets , prices closed lower in Sydney , Seoul , Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore and Wellington .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was among Pacific markets .', CO/LIST('Prices closed lower in Sydney .','Prices closed lower in Seoul .','Prices closed lower in Hong Kong .','Prices closed lower in Manila .','Prices closed lower in Singapore .','Prices closed lower in Wellington .'))

Input: French chemicals group , Orkem S.A. , said Wednesday it has made a bid for control of Coates Brothers PLC , a British manufacturer of inks and polyester resins .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Orkem S.A. was french chemicals group .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Coates Brothers PLC were a British manufacturer of inks and polyester resins .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what french chemicals group said Wednesday .','It has made a bid for control of Coates Brothers PLC .')))

Input: The remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the French group said .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The remainder is held by the public .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by family interests .','A spokeswoman for the French group said .'))

Input: The Democratic-controlled House , by a margin of 51 votes , failed to override President Bush 's veto of legislation renewing federal support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for poor women .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a margin of 51 votes .','The Democratic-controlled House failed to override Bush 's veto of legislation renewing federal support of Medicaid abortions .' ), 'Poor women are victims of rape and incest .')))

Input: It continues to gain strength in the chamber but remains far short of the two-thirds majority required to prevail over Mr. Bush .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the chamber .','It continues to gain strength .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It remains far short of the two-thirds majority .','The two-thirds majority was required to prevail over Bush .')))

Input: Democrats voted to override by a 3-1 margin , but Republicans were equally firm in support of the president , who has threatened to make abortion a decisive issue on at least three separate fiscal 1990 spending bills .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Democrats voted to override by a 3-1 margin .', SUB/ELABORATION('Republicans were equally firm in support of the president .','The president has threatened to make abortion a decisive issue on at least three separate fiscal 1990 spending bills .'))

Input: The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The action came .', CO/LIST(', Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo .',', Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from the California earthquake .'))

Input: The bill last night includes $ 500 million to help finance this credit and further raises the obligation ceiling for the Small Business Administration sixfold to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the expected loan activity .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bill last night includes $ 500 million to help finance this credit .', SUB/PURPOSE('The bill last night further raises the obligation ceiling for the Small Business Administration sixfold to $ 1.8 billion .','This is to accommodate the expected loan activity .'))

Input: In the Senate , Majority Whip Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Cranston was Majority Whip .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Senate .','Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months .'))

Input: The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds .', SUB/ELABORATION('The bill circumvents existing restrictions .', SUB/PURPOSE('Existing restrictions otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid .','This was to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake .')))

Input: The underlying stopgap bill is the second required by Congress this fall and , since the current fiscal year began Oct. 1 , only the Energy and Interior departments are operating on permanent appropriations enacted into law .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The underlying stopgap bill is the second .','The second was required by Congress this fall .' )SUB/CAUSE('The current fiscal year began Oct. 1 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Only the Energy and Interior departments are operating on permanent appropriations .','Permanent appropriations were enacted into law .')))

Input: The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and , apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Bush .','Bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues .')))

Input: The vote yesterday was the most partisan in many years , and though the Democratic leadership is ambivalent about how to address the abortion issue , the debate is increasingly measured in party terms .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The vote yesterday was the most partisan in many years .', CO/CONTRAST('The Democratic leadership is ambivalent about how to address the abortion issue .','The debate is increasingly measured in party terms .'))

Input: The 189 Democrats who supported the override yesterday compare with 175 who initially backed the rape-and-incest exemption two weeks ago and 136 last year on a similar vote .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The 189 Democrats compare with 175 and 136 last year on a similar vote .','175 initially backed the rape-and-incest exemption two weeks ago .' ), 'The 189 Democrats supported the override yesterday .')

Input: Only 42 GOP members opposed the president 's veto , a marginal increase over the vote two weeks ago and just 12 more than the 30 who supported the rape-and-incest exemption last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The president 's veto was a marginal increase over the vote two weeks ago and just 12 more than the 30 .','A marginal increase over the vote two weeks ago and just 12 more than the 30 supported the rape-and-incest exemption last year .' ), 'Only 42 GOP members opposed the president 's veto .')

Input: But if you support him over rape victims , this may be your last term .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is over rape victims .','You support him .' ), 'But , this may be your last term .')

Input: The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The current ceiling on home loans would be increased to $ 124,875 .','Home loans were insured by the Federal Housing Administration .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority .','This is to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners .'))

Input: And on a closer 250-170 roll call , lawmakers upheld controversial agreements made by a House-Senate conference earmarking community development funds for more than 40 projects backed by often influential members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And on a closer 250-170 roll call , lawmakers upheld controversial agreements .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Controversial agreements were made by a House-Senate conference .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for more than 40 projects .','More than 40 projects were backed by often influential members .' ), 'A House-Senate conference was earmarking community development funds .')))

Input: Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in communications and publishing .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/PURPOSE('This is following its failure last month .','This is to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations .' ), 'Zeta is seeking investment opportunities .'))

Input: With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama .', CO/LIST('Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines .','Zeta publishes three regional dailies .')))

Input: The Securities and Exchange Commission gave provisional six-month approval to the Big Board basket at a meeting late yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Big Board basket .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a meeting .','The Securities and Exchange Commission gave provisional six-month approval late yesterday .'))

Input: The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , where the minimum will be $ 1.7 million .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the Chicago Board Options Exchange .','The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product .' ), 'The minimum will be $ 1.7 million .')

Input: But Richard Ketchum , the SEC 's market regulation chief , said he did n't believe this will spawn dramatic new program-trading strategies that will be destabilizing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Ketchum was the SEC 's market regulation chief .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Ketchum said .', SUB/ELABORATION('He did n't believe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This will spawn dramatic new program-trading strategies .','Dramatic new program-trading strategies will be destabilizing .'))))

Input: The 400-member Alliance of Floor Brokers said the new product , with the $ 5 million minimum , will benefit only big institutional investors and could lead to wild spasms of volatility .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the 400-member Alliance of Floor Brokers said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the $ 5 million minimum .','The new product will benefit only big institutional investors .' ), 'The 400-member Alliance of Floor Brokers could lead to wild spasms of volatility .'))

Input: And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Big Board lists its targets as pension plans , mutual fund managers and index-arbitrage traders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as pension plans .','This is as mutual fund managers .','This is as index-arbitrage traders .' ), 'The Big Board lists its targets .')

Input: In index arbitrage , program traders buy and sell stocks and stock-index futures to profit from small price discrepancies between the markets .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in index arbitrage .','Program traders buy and sell stocks and stock-index futures .' ), 'This is to profit from small price discrepancies between the markets .')

Input: At the same time , only four securities firms have signed up with the Big Board to buy and sell ESPs as market makers , an unenthusiastic response .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Market makers were an unenthusiastic response .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as market makers .','This was to buy and sell ESPs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .','Only four securities firms have signed up with the Big Board .')))

Input: Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Comprehensive Care Corp. reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Comprehensive Care Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is past its Oct. 18 due date .','It is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt .' ), ', Comprehensive Care Corp. has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. .')))

Input: In the year-earlier quarter , Comprehensive Care earned $ 1.6 million , or 18 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Comprehensive Care earned $ 1.6 million .',', Comprehensive Care earned 18 cents a share .'))

Input: Revenue in the latest quarter fell 17 % to $ 44 million from $ 53.2 million , the company said , reflecting poor utilization of the company 's facilities and its behavioral medicine contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 44 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 53.2 million .','Revenue in the latest quarter fell 17 % .' ), 'This was what the company said , reflecting poor utilization of the company 's facilities and its behavioral medicine contracts .'))

Input: Comprehensive Care said First Hospital had advised it that both bank debt and senior notes would be repaid after the acquisition , although it is n't assured the acquisition will be completed .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Comprehensive Care said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First Hospital had advised it .', CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Both bank debt would be repaid after the acquisition .',', Senior notes would be repaid after the acquisition .' ), 'It is n't assured the acquisition will be completed .')))

Input: A group including New York investors Douglas A. Kass and Anthony Pedone holds the equivalent of a 12.6 % stake in H.H. Robertson Co. 's common shares outstanding , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Douglas A. Kass is New York investors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','A group including Douglas A. Kass and Anthony Pedone holds the equivalent of a 12.6 % stake in H.H. Robertson Co. 's common shares outstanding .'))

Input: The group also is engaged in talks with third parties regarding obtaining financing to buy more shares , but no agreements have yet been reached , the filing said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with third parties regarding obtaining financing to buy more shares .','The group also is engaged in talks .' ), 'No agreements have yet been reached .' ), 'This was what the filing said .')

Input: However , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with overlapping claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what less optimistic attorneys warned .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with overlapping claims .','This is because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs .' ), 'There is always the possibility .' ), 'The talks will again fall apart .'))

Input: Among the defendants are Mr. Boesky ; the now-defunct Ivan F. Boesky & Co. ; Mr. Boesky 's main underwriter , Drexel Burnham ; and Cambrian & General Securities PLC , a British investment fund once controlled by Mr. Boesky .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Separately , attorneys for the 42 or so limited partners have had serious discussions that could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Attorneys for the 42 have had serious discussions .',', So limited partners have had serious discussions .' ), ', Serious discussions could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets .'))

Input: This is because a Delaware court earlier this year said that Drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('This is .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Delaware court said .','Drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners .'))

Input: Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including the limited partners of $ 650 million .', CO/LIST('$ 350 million was set aside for shareholders .','$ 350 million was set aside for other plaintiffs .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the limited partners claim .','They were injured by Drexel .'))))

Input: His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what his attorneys claim .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of a campaign .','He was framed by the FBI and New York police .' ), 'This was to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s .'))

Input: But in federal court in Manhattan , Judge Patterson said the FBI records could show that Mr. Ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Patterson was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ferguson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Patterson said in federal court in Manhattan .', SUB/ELABORATION('The FBI records could show .','Ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices .'))))

Input: Complex cases , such as antitrust suits and many business disputes , would receive intense supervision by federal judges to keep pretrial proceedings moving .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by federal judges .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as antitrust suits .','This is such as many business disputes .' ), ', Complex cases would receive intense supervision .' ), 'This is to keep pretrial proceedings moving .'))

Input: The study also said each federal court should set strict time limits for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence , ranging from as much as 100 days for cases in the fast track to as much as 18 months for complex disputes .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the study said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the pretrial exchange of documents and evidence .','Each federal court should set strict time limits .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to as much as 18 months for complex disputes .','Each federal court is ranging from as much as 100 days for cases in the fast track .')))

Input: To take advantage of local expertise and custom , the study said , Congress should require each of the 94 federal district courts to adopt its own plan to speed the handling of civil suits and to reduce the high costs in civil cases .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to take advantage of local expertise and custom , the study said .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Congress should require each of the 94 federal district courts .','This is to adopt its own plan to speed the handling of civil suits and to reduce the high costs in civil cases .'))

Input: It included lawyers from civil rights and consumer groups , plaintiffs ' lawyers and defense attorneys , corporate counsel and law professors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Defense attorneys were corporate counsel and law professors .', CO/LIST(', Civil rights and consumer groups were plaintiffs ' lawyers .',', Civil rights and consumer groups were defense attorneys .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from civil rights and consumer groups .','It included lawyers .')))

Input: John Fitzsimmons , chief executive officer of Data Systems , said the company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 100 million this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Fitzsimmons was chief executive officer of Data Systems .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what John Fitzsimmons said .','The company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 100 million this year .'))

Input: Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said .', CO/LIST('Its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups .','Its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants .','Its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains .'))

Input: The Montvale , N.J. , unit said the new operating structure creates a more focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Montvale , N.J. , unit said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The new operating structure creates a more focused and responsive organization .','A more focused and responsive organization were geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business .'))

Input: The New York-based company reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 5.1 million , or 10 cents a share , compared with a year-earlier net loss of $ 6.2 million , or 12 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with a year-earlier net loss of $ 6.2 million .','This was compared with a year-earlier net loss of 12 cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The New York-based company reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 5.1 million .','The New York-based company reported a third-quarter net loss of 10 cents a share .'))

Input: The company said 80 % of its auction business is usually conducted in the second and fourth quarters , with the current quarter having begun extremely well .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with the current quarter .','This was having begun extremely well .' ), '80 % of its auction business is usually conducted in the second and fourth quarters .'))

Input: And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , some traders and analysts figure .','There 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what many had said .',', Showed considerable resistance $ 19.65 .'))

Input: With no petroleum-related news or changes in the fundamentals to dictate price moves , technicians are wanting to sell this stuff , said Eric Bolling of Edge Trading Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That storm hit the Gulf Coast Oct. 13 , closing the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port for a time and preventing tankers from unloading .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That storm hit the Gulf Coast Oct. 13 .', CO/LIST('That storm was closing the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port for a time .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from .','That storm was preventing tankers .' ), 'That storm was unloading .')))

Input: An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what an AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 22.2 million barrels a day .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production .')))

Input: GRAINS AND SOYBEANS :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Neither Mr. Dennis nor officials of his Chicago trading company , C&D Commodities , could be reached for comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dennis was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('His Chicago trading company was C&D Commodities .','Neither Dennis nor officials of his Chicago trading company could be reached for comment .'))

Input: Announced and anticipated purchases from foreign countries are also supporting futures prices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union has purchased roughly eight million tons of grain this month , and is expected to take delivery by year end , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The Soviet Union has purchased roughly eight million tons of grain this month .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by year end .','The Soviet Union is expected to take delivery .' ), 'This was what analysts said .'))

Input: The December contract settled at 73.97 cents a pound , up 0.59 cent , but it rose as high as 74.20 cents .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 0.59 cent .','The December contract settled at 73.97 cents a pound .' ), 'It rose as high as 74.20 cents .')

Input: The rumor , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has China buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The rumor has China .',', China is buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery .' ), 'The rumor has been neither confirmed nor denied .')

Input: Another said that if China was a buyer , it would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 1979-80 crop year , and thus would be a bullish sign .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what another said .', SUB/CONDITION(', China was a buyer .','It would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 1979-80 crop year .' ), 'Another thus would be a bullish sign .'))

Input: The market is drifting , at least partly , because of a lack of crop information out of Ghana and the Ivory Coast , the two largest African producers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Ivory Coast is the two largest African producers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is because of a lack of crop information out of Ghana .','This is because of a lack of crop information out of the Ivory Coast .' ), 'The market is drifting partly .')))

Input: Richard D. Sutton , 64 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 64 years old .', CO/LIST('Richard D. Sutton chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company .','Richard D. Sutton chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary .'))

Input: Mr. Robertson was also removed from the board of First National Bank of New Jersey-Salem County , another unit , and the Toms River bank .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robertson was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Robertson was also removed from the board of First National Bank of New Jersey-Salem County .','Robertson was also removed from the board of First National Bank of another unit .','Robertson was also removed from the board of First National Bank of the Toms River bank .'))

Input: Under the new offer , IMA will pay $ 26.50 a share for 63 million shares , or about 86 % of the shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the new offer .', CO/DISJUNCTION('IMA will pay $ 26.50 a share for 63 million shares outstanding .','IMA will pay about 86 % of the shares outstanding .'))

Input: American Medical said its directors have approved what is , in effect , a draft of a solvency opinion on the acquisition , submitted by the Los Angeles-based investment banking and evaluation consulting firm of Houlian Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Medical said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in effect .','Its directors have approved what is a draft of a solvency opinion on the acquisition .' ), 'The acquisition was submitted by the Los Angeles-based investment banking and evaluation consulting firm of Houlian Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc .'))

Input: Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's senior and subordinated debt issues and those of its international affiliate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .', CO/LIST('Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's senior and subordinated debt issues .','Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of those of its international affiliate .'))

Input: The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and amortization , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the ratings concern said .', CO/LIST('The acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals .','The acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of charges for depreciation and amortization , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals .'))

Input: Moody 's said the ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales .', CO/LIST('The ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program .','The ratings anticipate modest improvement .')))

Input: American Medical International : Senior notes , sinking-fund debentures , Euromarket notes , Eurobonds , Swiss franc bonds , unsecured loan stock to Ba3 from Baa2 ; convertible subordinated debentures , notes , and sinking-fund debentures to B2 from Baa3 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bay Financial Corp. , Boston , which has been reporting big losses and warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing , said it was sued by a holder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bay Financial Corp. , Boston said .','It was sued by a holder .' )CO/LIST('Bay Financial Corp. , Boston has been reporting big losses .','Bay Financial Corp. , Boston has been warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing .'))

Input: Gerald E. Wilson , corporate secretary and legal counsel , said the company would n't disclose further details .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gerald E. Wilson was corporate secretary and legal counsel .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gerald E. Wilson said .','The company would n't disclose further details .'))

Input: Bay , which has substantial investments in the floundering Massachusetts market , reported a loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , for the fiscal year ended June 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the fiscal year .','The fiscal year was ended June 30 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Bay reported a loss of $ 62 million .','Bay reported a loss of $ 15.97 a share .' ), 'Bay has substantial investments in the floundering Massachusetts market .'))

Input: Keith A. Tucker was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Tucker , 44 years old , is president of Trivest Securities Corp. and senior vice president of Trivest Inc. , closely held investment companies based in Miami .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tucker was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was based in Miami .','Trivest Inc. was closely held investment companies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is 44 years old .','Tucker is president of Trivest Securities Corp. and senior vice president of Trivest Inc. .')))

Input: The giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue common-share purchase rights to shareholders of record Nov. 8 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to shareholders of record .','It will issue common-share purchase rights Nov. 8 .'))

Input: Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for half price .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under certain circumstances .','The rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer .'))

Input: Beghin-Say S.A. said that it plans to sell its remaining paper operations by the end of January as part of a drive to refocus on the food sector and lower its debt .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Beghin-Say S.A. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the end of January .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This is as part of a drive .','This is to refocus on the food sector and lower its debt .' ), 'It plans to sell its remaining paper operations .')))

Input: Beghin-Say said the sale will be done in two parts and will raise a total of 2.025 billion francs -LRB- $ 325 million -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Beghin-Say said .','The sale will be done in two parts .' ), 'Beghin-Say will raise a total of 2.025 billion francs -LRB- $ 325 million -RRB- .')

Input: And in a separate transaction , Beghin-Say will sell its remaining 25 % interest in A.T.B. , a holding company for international trading assets , to an unspecified unit of Ferruzzi for 258 million francs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A.T.B. is a holding company for international trading assets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to an unspecified unit of Ferruzzi .','And in a separate transaction , Beghin-Say will sell its remaining 25 % interest in A.T.B. for 258 million francs .'))

Input: The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 213.2 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares .','The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for $ 213.2 million .' ), 'The parent does n't own the 4.9 million shares .')

Input: The unit , which is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units , accounted for 58 % of sales and 71 % of operating profit last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The unit accounted for 58 % of sales last year .','The unit accounted for 71 % of operating profit last year .' ), 'The unit is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units .')

Input: Industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill , hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what industry officials and congressional aides said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The main points of a compromise defense authorization bill provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past few days .','The main points of a compromise defense authorization bill are hammered out during a flurry of private meetings .')))

Input: President Bush and other supporters of SDI will be able to take credit for blocking House efforts to significantly cut the program to develop a space-based antimissile system , which already has cost some $ 17 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is President .', CO/LIST('Bush will be able to take credit for blocking House efforts to significantly cut the program to develop a space-based antimissile system .','Other supporters of SDI will be able to take credit for blocking House efforts to significantly cut the program to develop a space-based antimissile system .' ), 'A space-based antimissile system already has cost some $ 17 billion .'))

Input: The Senate voted to authorize $ 4.5 billion for SDI spending in the current fiscal year , but the House , reflecting a dramatic erosion of support for the program , earmarked only $ 3.1 billion .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the current fiscal year .','The Senate voted to authorize $ 4.5 billion for SDI spending .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the program .','The House , reflecting a dramatic erosion of support , earmarked only $ 3.1 billion .'))

Input: The decision to keep the embattled F-14 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the House , and especially for Rep. Les Aspin -LRB- D. , Wis . -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Les Aspin is Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. is Wis .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the House , and especially for Les Aspin -LRB- D. -RRB- .','The decision to keep the embattled F-14 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory .')))

Input: Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and most senators contend that the Navy 's F-14 is too expensive in an era of shrinking Pentagon budgets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dick Cheney is Defense Secretary .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Dick Cheney contend .','Most senators contend .' ), 'The Navy 's F-14 is too expensive in an era of shrinking Pentagon budgets .'))

Input: But the plane boasts a strong core of support in the House , where members are intent on saving Grumman jobs and are worried about potential shortages of carrier-based aircraft by the late 1990s .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('But the plane boasts a strong core of support in the House .', CO/LIST('Members are intent on saving Grumman jobs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the late 1990s .','Members are worried about potential shortages of carrier-based aircraft .')))

Input: The Menlo Park , Calif. , company said net was $ 7.4 million , or 22 cents a share , down from $ 32.3 million , or 86 cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Menlo Park , Calif. , company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from $ 32.3 million , or 86 cents a share , a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 7.4 million .','Net was 22 cents a share .')))

Input: Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a stock split and a dividend boost , and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Buying interest in Du Pont gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes .', CO/LIST('Du Pont declared a stock split and a dividend boost .','Du Pont declared certain other blue-chip issues .'))

Input: The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 to 320.94 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 to 189.52 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 320.94 .','The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 189.52 .','The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 .'))

Input: But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 784 to 700 on the Big Board .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite the late sell programs .','But advancing issues topped decliners .' ), 'But advancing issues were resulting from stock-index arbitrage .'))

Input: Du Pont , which announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split and raised its quarterly dividend by 14 % , jumped 2 1\/2 to 117 3\/8 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Du Pont jumped 21\/2 to 1173\/8 .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a 3-for-1 stock split .','Du Pont announced plans .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 14 % .','Du Pont raised its quarterly dividend .')))

Input: American Telephone & Telegraph rose 3\/8 to 43 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 1.5 million shares , Chevron advanced 1 3\/4 to 66 5\/8 on 2.3 million shares , Woolworth rose 1 to 58 5\/8 , Coca-Cola Co. gained 5\/8 to 72 1\/2 and Eastman Kodak added 3\/8 to 44 1\/2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Big Board composite trading of 1.5 million shares .','American Telephone & Telegraph rose 3\/8 to 431\/2 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 2.3 million shares .',', Chevron advanced 13\/4 to 665\/8 .' ), 'Woolworth rose 1 to 585\/8 .',', Coca-Cola Co. gained 5\/8 to 721\/2 .','Eastman Kodak added 3\/8 to 441\/2 .')

Input: The company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company reported a third-quarter loss .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','It is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments .'))

Input: However , Atlantic Richfield preserved its twopoint advance in the previous session and added 1\/8 to 103 7\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the previous session .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Atlantic Richfield preserved its twopoint advance .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Atlantic Richfield added 1\/8 to 1037\/8 .')))

Input: Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues , raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues .','Goldman Sachs raised its 1990 earnings estimate .', SUB/ELABORATION('Goldman Sachs recommended .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to General Mills .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from Kellogg .','Its clients shift funds .'))))

Input: Newell , which declared a 2-for-1 stock split and boosted its quarterly dividend by 14 % , added 7\/8 to 49 3\/8 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Newell added 7\/8 to 493\/8 .', CO/LIST('Newell declared a 2-for-1 stock split .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 14 % .','Newell boosted its quarterly dividend .')))

Input: The partnership , which had solicited takeover offers , said it failed to receive any adequate bids for all of its operations but is reviewing offers for individual properties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the partnership said .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for all of its operations .','It failed to receive any adequate bids .' ), 'It is reviewing offers for individual properties .' ), 'The partnership had solicited takeover offers .'))

Input: The more factories and robots Japanese manufacturers add , the more they will be able to export , and the less their domestic customers will need to import .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Japanese manufacturers add .','The more they will be able to export .' ), 'The less their domestic customers will need to import .')

Input: So big is the capital-spending boom that Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 even though Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds America 's .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('America was two-thirds .', SUB/ELABORATION(', So big is the capital-spending boom .', SUB/ELABORATION('Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped .', CO/CONTRAST('American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 .','Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than America 's .'))))

Input: And in a business system where shareholders have few rights and expect only modest dividends , companies can plow their profits back into plant and equipment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan 's or anyone else 's good .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They fear .', SUB/ELABORATION('The boom may be too big .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Japan 's 's good .','Anyone else 's good .')))

Input: Some economists -- and many Japanese companies -- are puzzled by the warnings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The manufacturers said 14.2 % of their spending is designed to improve products or add new ones , 17.5 % is to cut costs , 12.5 % is for research and development , and the rest is for maintenance and other purposes .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the manufacturers said .','14.2 % of their spending is designed to improve products or add new ones .' ), '17.5 % is to cut costs .','12.5 % is for research and development .','The rest is for maintenance and other purposes .')

Input: And eventually , they contend , domestic demand will weaken , forcing companies to emphasize exports again .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many are pouring money into developing high-quality products to target affluent consumers and , to some extent , to avoid direct combat with cheaper cars from South Korea and Taiwan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is into .','Many are pouring money .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Many is developing high-quality products .','This is to target affluent consumers and , to some extent , to avoid direct combat with cheaper cars from South Korea and Taiwan .'))

Input: But whatever its effects on exports and imports , Japan 's investment boom during the past two years has been stimulated at least partly by soaring domestic demand .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan 's marathon economy , growing at 4.3 % this year , is now in its 35th month of expansion , and some economists are betting that the boom will outlast the record 57-month expansion in the late 1960s .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Japan 's marathon economy is now in its 35th month of expansion .','Japan 's marathon economy is growing at 4.3 % this year .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Some economists are betting .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the late 1960s .','The boom will outlast the record 57-month expansion .')))

Input: Japanese consumers are increasingly eager to spend their money , especially on high-priced goods such as 29-inch television sets and luxury cars .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is especially on high-priced goods such as 29-inch television sets .','This is especially on high-priced goods such as luxury cars .' ), 'Japanese consumers are increasingly eager to spend their money .')

Input: With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with demand growing .','This is with workers in short supply .' ), 'Many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation .')

Input: Seeing new office buildings sprout up and its sales soar , Daikin is building another plant , which will lift its production capacity 50 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Daikin is seeing new office buildings sprout up .','Its sales soar .' ), 'Daikin is building another plant .' ), 'Another plant will lift its production capacity 50 % .')

Input: The expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company 's market share to 30 % from 27 % currently .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Besides , Daikin 's major competitors , Hitachi Ltd. and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. , are all adding production lines , a Daikin spokesman says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Daikin 's major competitors are Hitachi Ltd. .','Daikin 's major competitors are Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is besides .','Daikin 's major competitors are all adding production lines .' ), 'This is what a Daikin spokesman says .'))

Input: Meanwhile , Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 247 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity by 180,000 cars , and Honda is spending $ 317 million on expansion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by 180,000 cars .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 247 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','Honda is spending $ 317 million on expansion .')))

Input: Mazda Motor Corp. is still considering its options , but it boldly aims to double its annual domestic sales to 800,000 cars in the next four years .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Mazda Motor Corp. is still considering its options .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 800,000 cars in the next four years .','It boldly aims to double its annual domestic sales .'))

Input: Meanwhile , Toshiba 's Japanese rivals , Hitachi , Fujitsu Ltd. and NEC Corp. , are n't sitting still .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Toshiba 's Japanese rivals are Hitachi .','Toshiba 's Japanese rivals are Fujitsu Ltd. .','Toshiba 's Japanese rivals are NEC Corp. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','Toshiba 's Japanese rivals are n't sitting still .'))

Input: Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said it plans to restructure in the wake of a third-quarter loss of $ 7.7 million , or $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan-loss reserves .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Benjamin Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It plans to restructure in the wake of a third-quarter loss of $ 7.7 million reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan-loss reserves .','It plans to restructure in the wake of a third-quarter loss of $ 1.01 a share , reflecting an $ 11 million addition to loan-loss reserves .'))

Input: The Portland , Ore. , thrift said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Portland , Ore. , thrift said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from the Financial Institution Reform .','This is from Recovery .','This is from Enforcement Act .' ), 'The restructuring should help it meet new capital standards .'))

Input: A year ago , Benjamin Franklin had profit of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Benjamin Franklin had profit of $ 1.8 million .','Benjamin Franklin had profit of 23 cents a share .'))

Input: The company said the restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in assets and staff positions .','The restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction .'))

Input: Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real-estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('It will close its commercial real-estate lending division .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at its commercial lease subsidiary .','It will stop originating new leases .')))

Input: The move rewards shareholders and should improve the stock 's liquidity , Oneida said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The move rewards shareholders .','The move should improve the stock 's liquidity .' ), 'This was what Oneida said .')

Input: The drug will be given treatment investigational new drug status , a label accorded to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Investigational new drug status was a label .','A label was accorded to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval .' ), 'The drug will be given treatment investigational new drug status .')

Input: The move will make the drug available free of charge for a time to children with the disease and symptoms of advanced infection .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a time .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to children with the disease .','This is to symptoms of advanced infection .' ), 'The move will make the drug available free of charge .'))

Input: As a result , many youngsters have been unable to obtain the drug and , for the few exceptions , insurance carriers wo n't cover its cost of $ 6,400 a year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .','Many youngsters have been unable to obtain the drug .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the few exceptions .','Insurance carriers wo n't cover its cost of $ 6,400 a year .')))

Input: It should have happened sooner , said Elizabeth Glaser , a Los Angeles mother and activist who contracted the AIDS virus through a blood transfusion , and transmitted it to two of her children .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was traditionally .','The medical establishment has waited two years .' ), 'This was to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape .')

Input: Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Burroughs Wellcome Co. was maker .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was secondly .',', Critics have charged AZT 's Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia .' )CO/LIST(', Children account for just 1 % of the patient population .',', Children account for hence a small part of the large and lucrative market .')))

Input: Wellcome has replied that it is moving ahead to compile the relevant data , and recently promised to develop a pediatric syrup form easier for youngsters to take .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Wellcome has replied .','It is moving ahead to compile the relevant data .' ), 'Wellcome has promised to develop a pediatric syrup form easier for youngsters to take .')

Input: Still , all this comes nearly a year and a half after Philip Pizzo of the National Cancer Institute offered evidence that AZT could reverse the ravages of AIDS dementia , sometimes prompting dramatic recovery of IQ levels and reappearance of lost motor skills .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .','All this comes .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Philip Pizzo of the National Cancer Institute offered evidence .','AZT could reverse the ravages of AIDS dementia , sometimes prompting dramatic recovery of IQ levels and reappearance of lost motor skills .'))

Input: For some patients , AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles , giving back a piece of their childhood if only temporarily .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for some patients .','AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for some patients .','AZT was giving back a piece of their childhood if only temporarily .'))

Input: It 's impossible to overstate how much this means to the families of these patients , said Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute and a main developer of AZT .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Avon also said it will issue an additional 243,677 of the Class C warrants to holders of its Class A , Class B and unclassified warrants .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Avon said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to holders of its Class A , Class B and unclassified warrants .','It will issue an additional 243,677 of the Class C warrants .'))

Input: Kemper Financial Services has stopped executing its stock trades through four big securities firms because of their involvement in program trading , which Kemper and others say is ruining the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was through four big securities .','Kemper Financial Services has stopped executing its stock trades .' ), 'Firms because of their involvement in program trading is ruining the market four big securities .' )CO/LIST('Kemper say program trading .','Others say program trading .'))

Input: Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .','Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to key clients .', CO/LIST('The third quarter was hurt by higher costs .','The third quarter was hurt by lower shipments .')))

Input: Also , Armco and National Intergroup had lower operating profit in steel , marking what may be the end of a two-year industry boom .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .', CO/LIST('Armco had lower operating profit in steel .','National Intergroup had lower operating profit in steel .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Armco and National Intergroup were marking .','What may be the end of a two-year industry boom .')))

Input: Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million as the Beverly Hills thrift reeled from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as the Beverly Hills thrift .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in junk bonds .', CO/LIST('The Beverly Hills thrift was reeled from new industry rules .','The Beverly Hills thrift was reeled from turmoil .' ), ', Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million .')))

Input: Financial markets quieted , with stock prices edging lower , bonds inching up and the dollar almost unchanged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with stock prices edging lower .','This was with bonds inching up .','This was with the dollar almost unchanged .' ), 'Financial markets quieted .')

Input: The finance unit , GMAC , said net fell 3.1 % , but EDS 's profit rose 16 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('GMAC was the finance unit .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the finance unit said .','Net fell 3.1 % .' ), 'EDS 's profit rose 16 % .'))

Input: Some major U.S. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal by Bush to liberalize trade and reduce farm-product subsidies .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Bush .',', Some major U.S. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal .' ), 'This was to liberalize trade and reduce farm-product subsidies .')

Input: The Kremlin leader , on the first day of a three-day official visit to Helsinki , assured Finland 's president that the Soviet Union has no moral or political right to interfere with moves toward democracy in Poland , Hungary or elsewhere in Eastern Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Helsinki .','This was on the first day of a three-day official visit .' ), 'The Kremlin leader assured Finland 's president .' ), 'The Soviet Union has no moral or political right to interfere with moves toward democracy in Poland , Hungary or elsewhere in Eastern Europe .')

Input: The chamber voted 231-191 , 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority .','The chamber voted 231-191 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for poor women .','The two-thirds majority was needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions .' ), 'Poor women are victims of rape and incest .'))

Input: Michigan 's Senate passed a bill requiring girls to get parental consent for an abortion and Pennsylvania 's House cleared a measure banning abortions after the 24th week of pregnancy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michigan 's Senate passed .', CO/LIST('A bill requiring girls to get parental consent for an abortion and Pennsylvania 's House cleared a measure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the 24th week of pregnancy .','A bill requiring girls to get parental consent for an abortion and Pennsylvania 's House were banning abortions .')))

Input: Congress sent to Bush a $ 2.85 billion emergency package to assist in the recovery from last week 's California earthquake and from Hurricane Hugo .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the San Francisco Bay area , more than 13,000 people were homeless and landslides threatened more houses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the San Francisco Bay area .','More than 13,000 people were homeless .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the San Francisco Bay area .','Landslides threatened more houses .'))

Input: The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The changes would apply to pesticides .','The changes would apply to other substances found on fresh and processed foods .' ), 'This was what officials said .' ), 'The changes could be announced as early as today .')

Input: The Communist Party chief , facing what is viewed as the nation 's worst unrest in nearly 40 years , also said he would allow East Germans to travel abroad more freely , but made clear that the Berlin Wall would remain .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Communist Party chief , facing what is viewed as the nation 's worst unrest in nearly 40 years , said .','He would allow East Germans to travel abroad more freely .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Communist Party chief also made clear .','The Communist Party chief was facing what is viewed as the nation 's worst unrest in nearly 40 years .' ), 'The Berlin Wall would remain .'))

Input: But the secretary of state advised Israel that attempting to overhaul the five-point plan risked delaying the negotiations aimed at Mideast peace .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the secretary of state advised Israel .', SUB/ELABORATION('Attempting to overhaul the five-point plan risked delaying the negotiations .','The negotiations were aimed at Mideast peace .'))

Input: The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces , but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in southern Portugal .','The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in southern Portugal .','The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting , urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons .'))

Input: A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo , Brazil , and at least 20 people , most of them children , were missing and feared dead .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Sao Paulo , Brazil .','A landslide engulfed a hillside slum .' )SUB/ELABORATION('At least 20 people were most of them children .','At least 20 people were missing and feared dead .'))

Input: Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights or dissident groups .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Czechoslovakia 's premier said .', CO/CONTRAST('He supports broad political and economic restructuring .', CO/LIST('He ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government .','He ruled out any dialogue between independent human-rights or dissident groups .')))

Input: Marion Harper , 73 , founder and ex-chief executive of Interpublic Group of Cos. , in Oklahoma City , of a heart attack .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the brewer said Jeffrey Coors voluntarily gave up the position to focus more of his energy on Coors Technology Co. , a small unit of Coors he has run for several years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The position to focus more of his energy on Coors Technology Co. was a small unit of Coors .','He has run for several years a small unit .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the brewer said .','Jeffrey Coors voluntarily gave up the position to focus more of his energy on Coors Technology Co. .'))

Input: Pete and Jeff and Joe Jr. have taken over the reins and are doing most of the work .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Pete and Jeff have taken over the reins .','Joe Jr. have taken over the reins .' )CO/LIST('Pete and Jeff are doing most of the work .','Joe Jr. are doing most of the work .'))

Input: Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the business information services company .','Failures declined almost across the board .'))

Input: The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector , where bankruptcies grew 8.1 % to 2,046 from 1,892 .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,046 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 1,892 .','Bankruptcies grew 8.1 % .')))

Input: The troubled savings-and-loan industry and subsequent stress in real-estate businesses fueled bankruptcies in this sector , D&B said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in this sector .','The troubled savings-and-loan industry and subsequent stress in real-estate businesses fueled bankruptcies .' ), 'This was what D&B said .')

Input: A spokeswoman said Toronto-based Campeau has received expressions of interest in Bloomingdale 's , but she declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokeswoman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Bloomingdale 's .','Toronto-based Campeau has received expressions of interest .' ), ', She declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made .'))

Input: Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading economic newspaper , reported Wednesday that Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain , which Campeau has put up for sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Nihon Keizai Shimbun was Japan 's leading economic newspaper .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported Wednesday .','Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain .' ), ', Campeau has put up for sale the New York-based retail chain .'))

Input: But it 's in very early stages still .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Federated Department Stores Inc. were its retailing units .','Allied Stores Corp. were its retailing units .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Campeau disclosed last month .','Its retailing units were strapped for cash .')))

Input: O&Y , owned by Toronto 's Reichmann family , is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of Campeau , a Toronto-based real estate and retailing company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('O&Y is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of Campeau .','O&Y is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of a Toronto-based real estate .','O&Y is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of retailing company .' ), 'O&Y is owned by Toronto 's Reichmann family .')

Input: A spokesman for the company said Campeau has n't seen the suit and declined to comment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for the company said .', CO/LIST(', Campeau has n't seen the suit .',', Campeau declined to comment .'))

Input: According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the announcement of the financing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Securities and Exchange Commission rules .','McCaw is required to keep its offer .' ), 'This was what LIN said .')))

Input: McCaw wants to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each , or $ 2.75 billion , which would result in McCaw 's owning 50.3 % of LIN .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is for $ 125 each .','This is for $ 2.75 billion .' ), 'McCaw wants to buy 22 million shares of LIN .' ), '22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each , or $ 2.75 billion would result in McCaw 's owning 50.3 % of LIN .')

Input: It also said the cash portion of the transaction would be financed with StatesWest 's own cash and short-term investments , plus debt and other financing arranged through Hibbard Brown & Co. , the company 's investment banker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hibbard Brown & Co. was the company 's investment banker .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .','The cash portion of the transaction would be financed with StatesWest 's own cash and short-term investments , plus debt and other financing arranged through Hibbard Brown & Co. .'))

Input: Mesa President Larry Risley said his board had received Stateswest 's most recent offer and was reviewing it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Larry Risley was Mesa President .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Larry Risley said .','His board had received Stateswest 's most recent offer .' ), 'Larry Risley was reviewing it .'))

Input: The catalog retailer reported net income of $ 10.8 million , or 21 cents a share , up sharply from $ 6.6 million , or 13 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up sharply from $ 6.6 million , or 13 cents a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The catalog retailer reported net income of $ 10.8 million .','The catalog retailer reported net income of 21 cents a share .'))

Input: But Coniston , a New York partnership managed by the firm of Gollust , Tierney & Oliver , yesterday announced that in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets the offering would be postponed and restructured .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Coniston was a New York partnership .','A New York partnership was managed by the firm of Gollust , Tierney & Oliver .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Coniston announced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets .','The offering would be postponed and restructured .')))

Input: What was n't mentioned is that Coniston and its investment banker , Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette , just completed a two-week road show for the purpose of marketing the bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Coniston were Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .','Its investment banker were Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .' ), 'What was n't mentioned is that Coniston and its investment banker just completed a two-week road show for the purpose of marketing the bonds .')

Input: Its fast-food restaurants -- including Denny 's , Hardee 's , Quincy 's and El Pollo Loco -LRB- the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in char-broiled chicken -RRB- -- are stable , recession-resistant and growing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But unless they continued to grow , TW , based in Paramus , N.J. , would have run into trouble .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('They continued to grow .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , TW would have run into trouble .','TW was based in Paramus , N.J. .'))

Input: And the total amount of junk financing will be reduced .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some of the same risks that were cited -- and seemingly ignored -- in dozens of previous junk offerings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But such calculations ignore the noncash charge of depreciation , taken to allow for the gradual wearing out of french friers , deterioration of stores and the like .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But such calculations ignore the noncash charge of depreciation .', SUB/ELABORATION('Depreciation was taken to allow for the gradual .', CO/LIST('The gradual was wearing out of french friers , deterioration of stores .','The gradual was wearing out of french friers , deterioration of the like .')))

Input: But they wo n't necessarily eat at Denny 's .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prospective bond buyers noted that TW historically has prospered because it has been willing to spend aggressively on remodeling restaurants and redoing menus .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what prospective bond buyers noted .', SUB/CAUSE('TW historically has prospered .','It has been willing to spend aggressively on remodeling restaurants and redoing menus .'))

Input: But investors noted that under the shelved offering , TW would have needed to grow to meet its debt payments .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what investors noted .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the shelved offering .','TW would have needed to grow to meet its debt payments .'))

Input: Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is in interest on cash-deferred .','This is in interest on zero-coupon debentures -- .' ), 'Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year .' )CO/DISJUNCTION(', Cash-deferred ultimately would have had to be paid .','Zero-coupon debentures -- ultimately would have had to be paid .'))

Input: It is refreshing to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is refreshing to see at least one world figure .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what one world figure knows .','What she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs .'))

Input: Perhaps Mrs. Thatcher understands better than those distressed at her style that ultimately history and Britain 's voters will decide who is right about Europe , sanctioning South Africa or running Britain 's economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thatcher is Mrs. .', CO/LIST('Perhaps Thatcher understands better than those distressed at her style that ultimately history will decide who is right about Europe , sanctioning South Africa or running Britain 's economy .','Perhaps Thatcher understands better than Britain 's voters will decide who is right about Europe , sanctioning South Africa or running Britain 's economy .'))

Input: Work hard , play hard is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring fitness and success Or a state of total exhaustion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Work hard , play hard is advice .','Advice was taken with some caution .' ), 'It can bring fitness and success Or a state of total exhaustion .')

Input: The guest paid his bill at the resort hotel , and as he departed he noticed a sign saying , Have You Left Anything ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : That sign is wrong , he said .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The man went back .','The man spoke to the desk clerk .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('That sign is wrong .','This was what he said .'))

Input: After being trampled in Tuesday 's selling stampede , the Nasdaq over-the-counter market dusted itself off and moved on in moderate trading .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The Nasdaq over-the-counter market was being trampled in Tuesday 's selling stampede .', CO/LIST('The Nasdaq over-the-counter market dusted itself off .','The Nasdaq over-the-counter market moved on in moderate trading .'))

Input: But while the Composite gained 1.19 , to 462.89 , many issues did n't participate in the advance .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 462.89 .','The Composite gained 1.19 .' ), 'But , many issues did n't participate in the advance .')

Input: We played catch-up in some areas , and sold off in some others .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in some areas .','We played catch-up .' ), 'We sold off in some others .')

Input: Of the 4,348 issues that changed hands , 1,074 advanced and 866 declined .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the 4,348 issues .','1,074 advanced and 866 declined .' ), 'The 4,348 issues changed hands .')

Input: The market acted better , but it was n't a tremendous comeback , Mr. Zipper observed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zipper was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('The market acted better .','It was n't a tremendous comeback .' ), 'This was what Zipper observed .'))

Input: There 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('There 's a lot of uncertainty out there .','It will cause a lot of swings .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 , or 39 % , to 2 7\/8 on volume of 494,100 shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 27\/8 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on volume of 494,100 shares .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 .',', Cimflex Teknowledge rose 39 % .')))

Input: The maker of software products and services , which had a net loss in the 1988 third quarter , earned 200,000 , or a penny a share , in this year 's quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in this year 's quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The maker of software products and services earned 200,000 .','The maker of software products and services earned a penny a share .' ), 'The maker of software products and services had a net loss in the 1988 third quarter .'))

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One day last March , CBS Sports President Neal Pilson and Olympics superagent Barry Frank met for lunch at the Lotos Club here .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Neal Pilson was CBS Sports President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Barry Frank was Olympics superagent .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the Lotos Club .', CO/LIST('One day last March met for lunch here .','Neal Pilson met for lunch here .','Barry Frank met for lunch here .'))))

Input: Mr. Pilson and his team huddled in a hallway and took just 10 minutes to return with a $ 300 million offer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson was Mr. .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Pilson huddled in a hallway .','His team huddled in a hallway .' )CO/LIST('Pilson took just 10 minutes to return with a $ 300 million offer .','His team took just 10 minutes to return with a $ 300 million offer .')))

Input: But Mr. Pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights , a frenzy that the networks had hoped to avoid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sports rights were a frenzy .','But Pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights that the networks had hoped to avoid .'))

Input: ABC , a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. also risk losses if they outbid CBS for other contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. is ABC .', SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('ABC also risk losses .','General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. also risk losses .' ), 'They outbid CBS for other contracts .'))

Input: If they ask advertisers to absorb the costs , they 're likely to lose all but a few who need sports , above all .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('They ask advertisers to absorb the costs .', SUB/ELABORATION('They 're likely to lose all but a few .','A few need sports , above all .'))

Input: At the same time , some sports events will move off free television and onto cable or pay-cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .',', Some sports events will move off free television and onto cable or pay-cable .' ), 'Half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them .')

Input: Mr. Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of positive press , contented affiliate stations , enthusiastic advertisers and huge audiences that might stick around to watch other CBS programs when the game is over .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of positive press .','Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of contented affiliate stations .','Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of enthusiastic advertisers .','Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of huge audiences .' ), 'The ancillary benefits of positive press , contented affiliate stations , enthusiastic advertisers and huge audiences might stick around to watch other CBS programs when the game is over .'))

Input: Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some TV people doubt .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('They will materialize and argue .',', CBS could run up .' )SUB/CONDITION('They do .','They wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits .')))

Input: And three years later , in a sea of red ink , the heroes can find themselves with a lot of explaining to do .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a lot of explaining to do .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a sea of red ink .','And three years later the heroes can find themselves .'))

Input: And they 've bought one .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- After 1992 , the winter and summer Olympics will be held two years apart , with the revised schedule beginning with the winter games in 1994 and the summer games in 1996 . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the revised schedule .','-LRB- After 1992 , the winter and summer Olympics will be held two years apart . -RRB- .' )CO/LIST('The revised schedule was beginning with the winter games in 1994 .','The revised schedule was beginning with the summer games in 1996 .'))

Input: Now , Mr. Pilson -- a former college basketball player who says a good negotiator needs a level of focus and intellectual attention similar to a good athlete-s is facing the consequences of his own aggressiveness .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','Pilson -- a former college basketball player is facing the consequences of his own aggressiveness .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a former college basketball player says .','A good negotiator needs a level of focus and intellectual attention similar to a good athlete-s .')))

Input: A few months later , CBS 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal ; they could go for close to $ 100 million more than CBS now pays , a 40 % to 50 % rise .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is a few months later .',', CBS 's college and pro football contracts come up for renewal .' ), 'They could go for close to $ 100 million more than CBS now pays , a 40 % to 50 % rise .')

Input: J. William Grimes , former president of ESPN , says NBC may come in with a huge bid for college basketball to take it away from CBS and say , We can overbid , too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('J. William Grimes is former president of ESPN .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .','J. William Grimes says NBC may come in with a huge bid for college basketball to take it away from CBS and say , We can overbid .'))

Input: Nor , by the way , advertisers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In 1976 , he joined CBS Sports to head business affairs and , five years later , became its president .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1976 .','He joined CBS Sports to head business affairs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1976 .','He became its president .'))

Input: Mr. Pilson says that when he spoke out a few years ago , I did n't say forever , and I did n't say every property .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Pilson says .', SUB/ELABORATION('He spoke out a few years ago .','I did n't say forever .' ), 'I did n't say every property .')))

Input: And he is n't the only big spender : NBC will pay a record $ 401 million for the 1992 Summer Games , and ESPN , 80%-owned by Capital Cities\/ABC , will shell out $ 400 million for four years of baseball , airing 175 regular-season games a year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And he is n't the only big spender .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the 1992 Summer Games .','And NBC will pay a record $ 401 million .' )CO/LIST('And ESPN , 80 % - owned by Capital Cities\/ABC , will shell out $ 400 million for four years of baseball .','And ESPN , 80 % - owned by Capital Cities\/ABC , is airing 175 regular-season games a year .'))

Input: Mr. Tisch , a billionaire in hotels and finance , was just learning the TV business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tisch was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tisch was a billionaire in hotels and finance .','Tisch was just learning the TV business .'))

Input: Mr. Pilson gave him one : He bid $ 243 million for rights to the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville , France ; ABC and NBC would n't bid even $ 200 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson was Mr. .','Pilson gave him one .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for rights to the 1992 Winter Games .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Albertville , France .','He bid $ 243 million .' ), 'ABC and NBC would n't bid even $ 200 million .'))

Input: Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched American and National baseball league championships and the World Series .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the first time .', CO/LIST('Next October , CBS wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched American and National baseball league championships .','Next October , CBS wo n't have to start the World Series .'))

Input: Regular TV series ratings have slumped in the past five years , and premiering new shows is a crap shoot , Mr. Pilson says .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Regular TV series ratings have slumped in the past five years .', SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson is premiering .','New shows is a crap shoot .' ), 'Pilson says .')))

Input: Mr. Pilson says baseball and the Olympics may help CBS move up to No. 2 in the household ratings race , putting pizazz back into the network 's image .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson is Mr. .','Pilson says baseball .' ), 'The Olympics may help CBS move up to No. 2 in the household ratings race , putting pizazz back into the network 's image .')

Input: And the Winter Olympics will air during the February sweeps , when ratings are used to set ad rates for local stations .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('And the Winter Olympics will air during the February sweeps .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for local stations .','Ratings are used to set ad rates .'))

Input: In this market of 40 channels , sophisticated viewers and the remote control , trial is n't a guarantee of anything , ESPN 's Mr. Werner says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Werner is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in this market of 40 channels .','This is in this market of sophisticated viewers .','This is in this market of the remote control .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Trial is n't a guarantee of anything .','This is what ESPN 's Werner says .')))

Input: Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In recent years , the World Series and the Olympics were aired against CBS 's last-place lineup .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .', CO/LIST('The World Series were aired against CBS 's last-place lineup .','The Olympics were aired against CBS 's last-place lineup .'))

Input: But Mr. Tisch expects losses in all four years of the contract , he told U.S. senators last June .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tisch was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But Tisch expects losses in all four years of the contract .','This was what he told U.S. senators last June .'))

Input: CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year .','ABC and NBC had paid together .' ), 'Those two networks expect losses on baseball this season .')

Input: Yet CBS will air only 12 regular-season games , 26 fewer than ABC and NBC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is than ABC and NBC .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is 26 fewer .','Yet CBS will air only 12 regular-season games .'))

Input: CBS signed General Motors and Toyota to be the only auto-maker sponsors in baseball for four years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CBS expects to make modest profits , but rivals contend that it will take a beating .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', CBS expects to make modest profits .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rivals contend .','It will take a beating .'))

Input: CBS will add 25 1\/2 hours to that load in 1992 , and ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to that load in 1992 .',', CBS will add 251\/2 hours .' ), 'Ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events .')

Input: CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And CBS takes in the least money in prime time ; ABC and NBC charge 30 % to 35 % more for ads , according to a Variety survey .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a Variety survey .','And CBS takes in the least money in prime time .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a Variety survey .','And ABC and NBC charge 30 % to 35 % more for ads .'))

Input: But CBS 's costs are huge , and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But CBS 's costs are huge .', SUB/ELABORATION('But the risks go up with each new sports package .',', CBS locks up .'))

Input: Each hour of Olympics and baseball in prime time will cost CBS $ 2.6 million to $ 2.8 million ; an hour-long drama costs only $ 900,000 , and it is aired twice .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 2.8 million .','Each hour of Olympics and baseball in prime time will cost CBS $ 2.6 million .' )CO/LIST('An hour-long drama costs only $ 900,000 .','It is aired twice .'))

Input: But media-stock analyst Richard J. MacDonald of MacDonald Grippo Riely says Wall Street wo n't take kindly to that .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard J. MacDonald is media-stock analyst .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Richard J. MacDonald of MacDonald Grippo Riely says .','Wall Street wo n't take kindly to that .'))

Input: Place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers wo n't be the only one on the line .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is through most any catalog .','Place a phone order .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Chances are the clerk .','Answers wo n't be the only one on the line the clerk .'))

Input: Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: New technologies are changing the way we deal with each other and the way we work , says Janlori Goldman , a staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Among companies saying they monitor employees are United Airlines , American Airlines , United Parcel Service , Nynex Corp. , Spiegel Inc. , and the circulation department of this newspaper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among companies .',', Companies are saying they .' )CO/LIST('Monitor employees are United Airlines .','Monitor employees are American Airlines .','Monitor employees are United Parcel Service .','Monitor employees are Nynex Corp. .','Monitor employees are Spiegel Inc. .','Monitor employees are the circulation department of this newspaper .'))

Input: Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Dictaphone Corp. says .','There 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 .' )CO/LIST('The sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 .','The sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system can record 240 conversations simultaneously .'))

Input: Businesses want to verify information and ensure accuracy , says John Hiltunen , Dictaphone 's manager of media relations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shearson says it has taped some of its institutional trading desks , such as commodities and futures , for about four years .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Shearson says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for about four years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as commodities and futures .','It has taped some of its institutional trading desks .')))

Input: But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That and other fancy gizmos may cost thousands , but simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 at electronics stores like Radio Shack .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('That may cost thousands .','Other fancy gizmos may cost thousands .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at electronics stores like Radio Shack .',', Simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 .'))

Input: Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Lawmakers were concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology .','Lawmakers were concerned with heavier use of it .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Lawmakers have proposed laws .','Proposed laws were addressing the issue .'))

Input: Nine states have introduced bills requiring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Nine states have introduced bills .', SUB/ELABORATION('Nine states were requiring .','Workers and customers be made aware of monitoring .'))

Input: And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules .', SUB/ELABORATION('All parties involved must consent .','Phone calls are recorded .'))

Input: In addition , products such as voice-activated tape recorders would have to include beep tones and labels explaining federal laws on eavesdropping .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on eavesdropping .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','Products such as voice-activated tape recorders would have to include beep tones and labels explaining federal laws .'))

Input: The ACLU and worker organizations back tighter laws , but employers and device manufacturers object .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The ACLU back tighter laws .','Worker organizations back tighter laws .' ), 'Employers and device manufacturers object .')

Input: But the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the only way is by listening .', SUB/ELABORATION('You can find out .','Your people are doing the only way .'))

Input: Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill , saying the noise it requires would interfere with customer orders , causing irritation and even errors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Spiegel also is saying the noise .', CO/LIST('It requires would interfere with customer orders , causing irritation .','It requires would interfere with customer orders , causing even errors the noise .')))

Input: And in the past , Congress has viewed monitoring as an issue best handled in union negotiations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But opponents , led by the CWA , say new laws are needed because monitoring is heavily concentrated in service industries and 81 % of monitored workers are n't represented by unions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what opponents , led by the CWA , say .', CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('New laws are needed .','Monitoring is heavily concentrated in service industries .' ), '81 % of monitored workers are n't represented by unions .'))

Input: The CWA claims that monitoring not only infringes on employee privacy , but increases stress .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the CWA claims .', CO/CONTRAST('Monitoring not only infringes on employee privacy .','Monitoring not only increases stress .'))

Input: Some marketers of surveillance gear -- including Communication Control System Ltd. , which owns the Counter Spy Shop and others like it -- already put warning labels in their catalogs informing customers of the one-party law .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Some marketers of surveillance gear -- including Communication Control System Ltd. -- already put warning labels in their catalogs .',', Some marketers of surveillance gear -- including Communication Control System Ltd. -- already were informing customers of the one-party law .' )CO/LIST(', Communication Control System Ltd. owns the Counter Spy Shop .',', Communication Control System Ltd. owns others like it .'))

Input: But vendors contend that they ca n't control how their products are used .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But vendors contend .', SUB/ELABORATION('They ca n't control .','Their products are used .'))

Input: With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings , it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching , says Mr. Appel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Up to now , the intense competition between IBM and Digital has been confined largely to the broad midrange of the computer market , where Digital sought to exploit IBM 's weaknesses in networking .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up to now .','The intense competition between IBM and Digital has been confined largely to the broad midrange of the computer market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in networking .','Digital sought to exploit IBM 's weaknesses .'))

Input: IBM said the 16 new J and JH models will generally be available immediately , though three wo n't ship until the third quarter of next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what IBM said .', CO/CONTRAST('The 16 new J and JH models will generally be available immediately .','Three wo n't ship until the third quarter of next year .'))

Input: But he added that he expected to raise his estimate for fiscal 1991 at the same time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But he added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for fiscal 1991 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .','He expected to raise his estimate .')))

Input: In addition to commercial markets , Digital 's new line targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market , when it 's packaged with an optional supercharger , known as a vector processor .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to commercial markets .','This is in addition .' ), 'Digital 's new line targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It 's packaged with an optional supercharger .','An optional supercharger was known as a vector processor .'))

Input: Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers .','Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from workstations .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Workstations operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems .','Older minicomputers use .'))

Input: In addition to the new mainframe hardware and software , IBM announced a magnetic-tape system for data storage that it said occupies half as much floor space as older systems but can store five times as much data on a single cartridge .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what IBM announced a magnetic-tape system for data storage in addition to the new mainframe hardware and software .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as older systems .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on a single cartridge .','Occupies half as much floor space but can store five times as much data .'))))

Input: The White House called on Congress to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('The White House called on Congress .','This was to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill .' ), 'Lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea .')

Input: But now that Congress has missed the legal deadline for meeting the Gramm-Rudman targets , the White House said it has returned to its original view that a capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill , on which Congress continues to work .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the White House said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It has returned to its original view .','A capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill .' ), ', Congress continues to work on the deficit-reduction bill .'))

Input: If that does n't happen , then we press forward on another vehicle and a separate vote , said press secretary Marlin Fitzwater .
Prediction: NONE

Input: On Capitol Hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is though .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is on Capitol Hill .', CO/LIST('There does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains .','There does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair the deficit-reduction bill .')))

Input: Texas Rep. William Archer , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee said , I do n't see how we have the votes to place a capital-gains tax cut there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Archer is Texas Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('William Archer is the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee .', SUB/ELABORATION('William Archer said , I do n't see .','We have the votes to place a capital-gains tax cut there .')))

Input: To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('To be introduced later are a multiplexer ; a light-wave system ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems .','A light-wave system carries voice channels .' )SUB/PURPOSE('A multiplexer will allow several signals .','This is to travel along a single optical line .'))

Input: Sonet , or synchronous optical network , products have more capacity than earlier models .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is than earlier models .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Sonet have more capacity .',', Synchronous optical network , products have more capacity .'))

Input: He declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He declined to disclose specific prices .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of dollars .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was in the tens of thousands .','This was in even hundreds of thousands .' ), 'He said each product costs .')))

Input: AT&T said it expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals , Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada and France 's Alcatel N.V. , which also have announced Sonet-based products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what AT&T said .', CO/LIST('It expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals .','It expects to beat to the marketplace Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada .','It expects to beat to the marketplace France 's Alcatel N.V. .' ), 'France 's Alcatel N.V. also have announced Sonet-based products .'))

Input: Law firms that have feasted and grown on the revenue from mergers and acquisitions work are feeling the squeeze as that work declines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is .','That work declines .' ), 'Law firms are feeling the squeeze .' ), 'Law firms have feasted and grown on the revenue from mergers and acquisitions work .')

Input: The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('UAL Corp. was United Airlines parent .', SUB/ELABORATION('The disarray in the junk-bond market has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The junk-bond market began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. .','The junk-bond market began last month with the failure of banks .' ), 'This was to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of UAL Corp. .')))

Input: We 're planning on a rip-roaring year in 1989 , but next year we 'll be another story , said Robert Freedman , a partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was particularly .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the past few weeks .','They have experienced a significant slowdown .'))))

Input: It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lawyers also say an erratic stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what lawyers say .', CO/LIST('An erratic stock market have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed .','Uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed .'))

Input: But the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the question is .', SUB/ELABORATION('Things will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions .','People are looking at Things .'))

Input: In his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York , Mr. Lang told the jury that Mr. Lorin was the real master criminal behind the stock manipulation , and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lang told the jury in his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York .', CO/LIST('That Lorin was the real master criminal behind the stock manipulation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about it .','That Laff knew nothing .'))))

Input: The government has charged that Mr. Lorin and Mr. Laff were part of a conspiracy to maintain the prices of certain stocks at artificially high prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lorin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The government has charged .','Lorin and Laff were part of a conspiracy to maintain the prices of certain stocks at artificially high prices .'))

Input: Mr. Lorin , a stock promoter , pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges in April and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Mr. Laff .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lorin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lorin was a stock promoter .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in April .','Lorin pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges .' ), 'Lorin agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Laff .')))

Input: Mr. Lorin then repeated the threat , and Mr. Aslanian urged him not to say such things .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Lorin was Mr. .','Lorin then repeated the threat .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Aslanian was Mr. .','Aslanian urged him not to say such things .'))

Input: When asked for a copy of the transcript , Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Thomas P. Griesa was Judge .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lang said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it .','Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release the memorandum .'))))

Input: Mr. Ehrlich will continue as a director and a consultant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ehrlich is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Ehrlich will continue as a director .','Ehrlich will continue as a consultant .'))

Input: Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer , also resigned , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leslie I. Shapiro was chief operating officer and chief financial officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Leslie I. Shapiro also resigned .','This was what the company said .'))

Input: Ben Lipps , president of Fresenius USA , was named president , chief executive and chief operating officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ben Lipps was president of Fresenius USA .', SUB/ELABORATION('President was chief executive and chief operating officer .','Ben Lipps was named president .'))

Input: The two companies have been discussing a transaction under which Fresenius would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % of Delmed 's fully diluted common stock .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While the discussions between Delmed and National Medical Care have been discontinued , Delmed will continue to supply dialysis products through National Medical after their exclusive agreement ends in March 1990 , Delmed said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('The discussions between Delmed and National Medical Care have been discontinued .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through National Medical .','Delmed will continue to supply dialysis products after their exclusive agreement ends in March 1990 .' ), 'This was what Delmed said .'))

Input: Kennametal is a carbide-products and cutting-tools company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Genentech Inc. said third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 11.4 million , or 13 cents a share , from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of $ 5.3 million , or six cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Genentech Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of $ 5.3 million .','This was from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of six cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 11.4 million .','Third-quarter profit more than doubled to 13 cents a share .')))

Input: But TPA sales fell below levels for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 48 million , cooling investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 48 million .','But TPA sales fell below levels .' ), 'But TPA sales were cooling investors .')

Input: But some analysts remain sour on the company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But I still think the fundamentals are poor , said Denise Gilbert , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company 's stock is trading at 40 times next year 's numbers , and that 's too much , she said .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company 's stock is trading at 40 times next year 's numbers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('That 's too much .','This was what she said .'))

Input: Ryder System Inc. posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 27.6 million , because of an expected $ 57 million after-tax charge and continued weakness in the company 's truck-rental business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was because of an expected $ 57 million after-tax charge .','This was because of continued weakness in the company 's truck-rental business .' ), 'Ryder System Inc. posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 27.6 million .')

Input: The loss , which is 38 cents a share , is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade and compares with net income of $ 55.3 million , or 68 cents a share , in the year-ago period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The loss is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the year-ago period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The loss compares with net income of $ 55.3 million .','The loss compares with net income of 68 cents a share .' ), 'The loss is 38 cents a share .')))

Input: The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff and facilities ; and writedowns of assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , staff ; and writedowns of assets .','This was to reserves for workers ' compensation claims ; reductions in vehicle fleets , facilities ; and writedowns of assets .' ), 'The latest quarter 's after-tax charge -- which is 75 cents a share -- was related to adjustments .')

Input: Although Ryder did n't break out the charge , analysts estimated that the majority of the $ 57 million was linked to workers ' compensation reserves and anticipated losses on the disposal of trucks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Ryder did n't break out the charge .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts estimated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the disposal of trucks .','The majority of the $ 57 million was linked to workers ' compensation reserves and anticipated losses .')))

Input: M. Anthony Burns , Ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer , said : We 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('M. Anthony Burns was Ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer .','M. Anthony Burns said .' ), 'We 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum .')

Input: He said the fourth quarter will be challenging , and maintained his conservative forecast that 1990 wo n't be a barn burner .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The fourth quarter will be challenging .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He maintained his conservative forecast .','1990 wo n't be a barn burner .'))

Input: Robert L. Wood , 37-year-old chief financial officer , was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer , succeeding Raymond L. Hixson , 63 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert L. Wood was 37-year-old chief financial officer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Raymond L. Hixson was 63 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Robert L. Wood was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer .','Named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer were succeeding Raymond L. Hixson .')))

Input: The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Advanced Medical .','The unit makes intravenous pumps .' ), 'Intravenous pumps were used by hospitals .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Advanced Medical .','The unit had more than $ 110 million in sales last year .'))

Input: Maxicare Health Plans Inc. , operating under Chapter 11 bankrupty-law protection , outlined terms of its reorganization plan that calls for creditors and shareholders to receive at least $ 78.8 million in cash and $ 67 million face amount of 10-year , 13.5 % notes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Maxicare Health Plans Inc. outlined terms of its reorganization plan .', SUB/PURPOSE('Terms of its reorganization plan calls for creditors and shareholders .','This is to receive at least $ 78.8 million in cash and $ 67 million face amount of 10-year , 13.5 % notes .' ), 'Maxicare Health Plans Inc. were operating under Chapter 11 bankrupty-law protection .'))

Input: The plan , outlined in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , also calls for creditors and shareholders to receive common stock and warrants in the new company .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('The plan also calls for creditors and shareholders .','The plan is outlined in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .' ), 'This is to receive common stock and warrants in the new company .')

Input: The health-maintenance concern said it reached the agreement with its court-appointed creditors ' committees Sept. 28 , and intends to submit the plan to the bankruptcy court in November .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the health-maintenance concern said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with its court-appointed creditors ' committees .','It reached the agreement Sept. 28 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the bankruptcy court in November .','It intends to submit the plan .')))

Input: The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since March 16 .','The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations .' ), 'This was what a Maxicare spokesman said .')

Input: That group includes banks and bondholders , who have claims of $ 150 million and $ 350 million respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That group includes banks and bondholders .', CO/LIST('Banks and bondholders have claims of $ 150 million .','Banks and bondholders have claims of $ 350 million respectively .'))

Input: Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 , but the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and outages for repair to gas and electric power systems .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 .', SUB/PURPOSE('The company expects production .','This was to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and outages for repair to gas and electric power systems .'))

Input: The average interest rate rose to 8.337 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.292 % at last week 's sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.292 % at last week 's sale .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper .','This was at corporate IOUs .' ), 'The average interest rate rose to 8.337 % .'))

Input: We know that Saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation , Fiat said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we know .',', Saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation .' ), 'This was what Fiat said .')

Input: But that partner is n't Fiat .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Italian auto maker confirmed that it was discussing technical cooperation with Saab , but declined to comment on rumors that it was planning to buy Saab 's car division .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Italian auto maker confirmed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Saab .','It was discussing technical cooperation .' ), 'The Italian auto maker declined to comment on rumors that it was planning to buy Saab 's car division .'))

Input: News reports said yesterday that Saab is trying to start negotiations with French automakers Peugeot and Renault .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peugeot was negotiations with French automakers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what News reports said yesterday .',', Saab is trying to start Peugeot and Renault .'))

Input: Third-quarter net income dropped to $ 221 million , or $ 1.55 a share , from $ 230 million , or $ 1.60 a share , in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 230 million .','This was from $ 1.60 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter net income dropped to $ 221 million .','Third-quarter net income dropped to $ 1.55 a share .')))

Input: In addition to insurance and finance , ITT has interests in electronic parts , defense technology , automotive parts , fluid technology , pulp and timber , and communications and information services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to insurance and finance .','This is in addition .' )CO/LIST('ITT has interests in electronic parts .','ITT has interests in defense technology .','ITT has interests in automotive parts .','ITT has interests in fluid technology .','ITT has interests in pulp and timber .','ITT has interests in communications and information services .'))

Input: ITT also said its consumer finance unit agreed in September to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what ITT said .', SUB/PURPOSE('Its consumer finance unit agreed in September .','This was to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices .'))

Input: Elaborating on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It was elaborating on the exception .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .','Volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations .'))

Input: Amoco Corp. said it plans to install two platforms and drill as many as 22 wells to develop oil reserves it discovered in the Atlantic Ocean about 25 miles off the coast of Congo .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Amoco Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It plans to install two platforms and drill as many as 22 wells to develop oil reserves of Congo .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the Atlantic Ocean .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about 25 miles off the coast .','It discovered oil reserves .'))))

Input: Amoco , an energy concern , is the operator of the project with a 43.75 % working interest , and other partners include Hydro Congo , the Congolese state oil company , with a 50 % interest , and Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co. with a 6.25 % stake .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Amoco is an energy concern .','Amoco is the operator of the project with a 43.75 % working interest .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Hydro Congo is the Congolese state oil company .', CO/LIST('Other partners include Hydro Congo with a 50 % interest .','Other partners include Hydro Congo with Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co. with a 6.25 % stake .')))

Input: Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 's Jacobs International unit was selected to design and build a microcomputer-systems manufacturing plant in County Kildare , Ireland , for Intel Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Kildare was County .','Kildare was Ireland .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Intel Corp .','Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 's Jacobs International unit was selected to design and build a microcomputer-systems manufacturing plant in County Kildare .'))

Input: Jacobs is an international engineering and construction concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Coda Energy Inc. said it completed the sale of Phenix-Transmission Co. to Bishop Pipeline Co. , for $ 17 million in cash and notes .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Coda Energy Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Bishop Pipeline Co. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for $ 17 million in cash and notes .','It completed the sale of Phenix-Transmission Co. .')))

Input: The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September , but a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 or 178.9 , up 3.3 % or 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('Either 178.8 or 178.9 is up 3.3 % or 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at either 178.8 or 178.9 .','A 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth .')))

Input: The index was 178.5 in August and is based on 1980 equaling 100 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The index was 178.5 in August .', CO/LIST('The index is based on 1980 .','The index was equaling 100 .'))

Input: International Technology , an environmental management concern , said the contract includes construction of slurry walls , gas collection systems , a multilayer cap and water treatment plant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('International Technology was an environmental management concern .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what International Technology said .', CO/LIST('The contract includes construction of slurry walls .','The contract includes construction of gas collection systems .','The contract includes construction of a multilayer cap .','The contract includes construction of water treatment plant .')))

Input: Sanford Kane , president , said the finalists were chosen from among 57 locations based on financial , business , and quality of life considerations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sanford Kane was president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sanford Kane said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The finalists were chosen from among 57 locations .','57 locations were based on financial , business , and quality of life considerations .')))

Input: San Jose and several other California cities mounted major campaigns during the summer to woo the group , which was founded last June by seven electronics concerns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the summer .', CO/LIST(', San Jose mounted major campaigns .',', Several other California cities mounted major campaigns .' ), 'This was to woo the group .' ), 'The group was founded last June by seven electronics concerns .'))

Input: It expects to begin construction by year end and start shipping four-megabit dynamic random-access memory chips by mid-1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by year end .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by mid-1991 .','It expects to begin construction and start shipping four-megabit dynamic random-access memory chips .'))

Input: Dennis R. Mangino , a general manager of EniChem Americas , was named vice president of research and development , a new post at this steel company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dennis R. Mangino was a general manager of EniChem Americas .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Research were a new post .','Development were a new post .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at this steel company .','Dennis R. Mangino was named vice president of research and development .')))

Input: Fred D. Thompson , a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington and Nashville , Tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fred D. Thompson was a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington and Nashville .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tenn. was Fred D. Thompson .','Tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company .'))

Input: The HyperCard program allows users to design applications for Macintosh computers without having to be hardcore programmers and is distributed with every Macintosh sold .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is without having to be hardcore programmers .','The HyperCard program allows users to design applications for Macintosh computers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The HyperCard program is distributed with every Macintosh .','Every Macintosh was sold .'))

Input: It 's one of the most popular computer programs of all time , but analysts said the Quickview suit does n't appear to bode major difficulties for Apple .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's one of the most popular computer programs of all time .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for Apple .','The Quickview suit does n't appear to bode major difficulties .')))

Input: In Cupertino , Calif. , Apple said that it believes the case has no merit , and that HyperCard does not infringe any valid claims of the Quickview patents .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Apple said in Cupertino , Calif. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what that believes .', CO/LIST('The case has no merit .','That HyperCard does not infringe any valid claims of the Quickview patents .')))

Input: While Mr. Kageyama does an excellent job of explaining the differences , both cultural and philosophic , I question his perspective .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kageyama is Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is both cultural and philosophic .','Kageyama does an excellent job of explaining the differences .' ), 'I question his perspective .'))

Input: Would he suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Thus the conclusion is that the burden rests with management to understand\/adopt the culture and philosophy of the country in which they are operating .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thus the conclusion is .', SUB/PURPOSE('The burden rests with management .','This is to understand\/adopt the culture and philosophy of the country in which they are operating .'))

Input: I believe Mr. Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture that permeated his piece : the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture and behavior vs. others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kageyama was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i believe .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture .','Kageyama left out the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture .','Kageyama left out behavior vs. others .' ), 'One major aspect of Japanese culture permeated his piece .')))

Input: When the response to criticism is only a better explanation of policies without altering the reasons for the criticism , I am convinced that Mr. Kageyama has still failed to attack the root cause of the problem and is simply treating symptoms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kageyama was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The response to criticism is only a better explanation of policies without altering the reasons for the criticism .','I am convinced that Kageyama has still failed to attack the root cause of the problem and is simply treating symptoms .'))

Input: Cie . Generale des Eaux reported that net profit climbed 30 % in the first half of 1989 and said that it expects a gain of about 25 % for the full year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cie . Generale des Eaux reported .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first half of 1989 .','Net profit climbed 30 % .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what net profit said .','It expects a gain of about 25 % for the full year .')))

Input: I do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , he proclaimed , and finally vetoed the measure last weekend .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for abortions .','I do not support federal funding .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The mother 's life is threatened .', CO/LIST('He proclaimed .','He finally vetoed the measure last weekend .')))

Input: Yet he is also firmly bound by his hard-line rhetoric and promises he made to anti-abortion activists during his long pursuit of the White House .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Yet he is also firmly bound by his hard-line rhetoric .', SUB/ELABORATION('Yet he promises .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during his long pursuit of the White House .','He made to anti-abortion activists .')))

Input: But Mr. Bush and his advisers miscalculated the politics of the abortion issue , failing to grasp how dramatically the abortion-rights movement would be aroused following last summer 's Supreme Court decision to restrict those rights in the Webster case .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('But Bush miscalculated the politics of the abortion issue .','But his advisers miscalculated the politics of the abortion issue .' )CO/LIST('But Bush were failing to grasp how dramatically the abortion-rights movement would be aroused following last summer 's Supreme Court decision to restrict those rights in the Webster case .','But his advisers were failing to grasp how dramatically the abortion-rights movement would be aroused following last summer 's Supreme Court decision to restrict those rights in the Webster case .')))

Input: My position is well-known and well-stated , he replied .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He acknowledged only one difference with Mr. Reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reagan was difference with Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he acknowledged only one Reagan .','The amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life .'))

Input: Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for abortion in cases of rape and incest .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was throughout the early 1980s .','Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding and sometimes opposing it .')))

Input: In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was then-Vice President .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in April 1986 .','Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case .'))

Input: At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the GOP convention .','Last year , he again came out for an amendment .'))

Input: But when the high court ruled in the Webster case in July , the president began to lower the volume .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .','The high court ruled in the Webster case .' ), 'But , the president began to lower the volume .')

Input: When the ruling was handed down , the vacationing president dispatched Chief of Staff John Sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Sununu was Chief of Staff .', SUB/ELABORATION('The ruling was handed down .', CO/LIST('The vacationing president dispatched John Sununu to issue a statement .','The vacationing president refused to answer questions himself .')))

Input: Now , some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .',', Some see Bush .' ), 'Bush was trapped in a position .' ), 'He is neither comfortable with nor able to escape a position .'))

Input: When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We look closely at our own history .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is clear .','Our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments .'))

Input: And it is how African-Americans and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights as citizens in this nation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And it is .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as citizens in this nation .','African-Americans and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights .'))

Input: Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Japan , Australia , Taiwan and New Zealand and work with Ford business associates throughout the region .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Japan , Australia , Taiwan and New Zealand .','Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is throughout the region .','Ford Asia-Pacific will work with Ford business associates .'))

Input: Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 70.5 million .','This was to $ 1.22 a share .' ), 'Third-quarter net income rose 11 % .'))

Input: In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million .','Goodyear had net of $ 1.11 a share .'))

Input: He said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('Results were better than he 'd expected .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what results indicate .', SUB/ELABORATION('Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters .','A string of lackluster quarters have plagued the company for a year .'))))

Input: Excluding an increase in the tax rate and the effects of foreign currency translations , Mr. Millis said the company 's results were still a little disappointing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Millis was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Millis said excluding an increase in the tax rate and the effects of foreign currency translations .','The company 's results were still a little disappointing .'))

Input: Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('It reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by auto makers .','It slackened production .'))))

Input: For the nine months , profit skidded about 35 % , reflecting charges taken in this year 's second quarter and the effect of translations of weaker foreign currencies into the stronger U.S. dollar .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .','Profit skidded about 35 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/LIST('Profit was reflecting charges taken in this year 's second quarter into the stronger U.S. dollar .','Profit was reflecting charges taken in the effect of translations of weaker foreign currencies into the stronger U.S. dollar .')))

Input: Net was $ 192.1 million , or $ 3.33 a share , compared with net of $ 293.7 million , or $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with net of $ 293.7 million the year earlier .','This was compared with net of $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 192.1 million .','Net was $ 3.33 a share .'))

Input: Environmental Control Group Inc. said it expects to report minimal earnings or a loss for the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Environmental Control Group Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It expects to report minimal earnings .','It expects to report a loss .')))

Input: The environmental services company said that the discontinuation of unsuccessful product lines and an increase in baddebt reserves probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the environmental services company said .', CO/LIST('The discontinuation of unsuccessful product lines probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results .','An increase in baddebt reserves probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results .'))

Input: In the year-ago quarter , the company reported earnings of $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company reported earnings of $ 2.2 million .','The company reported earnings of 35 cents a share .'))

Input: Though imports were troublesome , they were n't running away with the market , and American companies had high hopes that steel import quotas would be extended for another five years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('Imports were troublesome .','They were n't running away with the market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('American companies had high hopes .',', Steel import quotas would be extended for another five years .'))

Input: In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .', CO/LIST('USX 's giant steel segment is facing softening demand .','USX 's giant steel segment is facing slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills .' ), 'USX 's giant steel segment is representing 34 % of its 1988 sales .'))

Input: The import quotas got only a 2 1\/2-year extension , and USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The import quotas got only a 21\/2 - year extension .', SUB/ELABORATION('USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time .', SUB/PURPOSE('It must spend money .','This is to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil .')))

Input: Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn 's pressure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Icahn is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is possibly at a premium .','Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Icahn 's stock or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Icahn 's pressure .'))

Input: And he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the interloper .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Over dinners at New York 's Sky Club and Links Club restaurants , the steel executive and the big investor talked steel , international trade and thoroughbred horses .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was over dinners at New York 's Sky Club and Links Club restaurants .', CO/LIST('The steel executive talked steel , international trade and thoroughbred horses .','The big investor talked steel , international trade and thoroughbred horses .'))

Input: But the fiercely competitive Mr. Corry quickly showed he 's no pushover .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry was competitive Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But the fiercely Corry quickly showed .','He 's no pushover .'))

Input: He huddled with directors at a special meeting two weeks ago and tried to block his opponent .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a special meeting two weeks ago .','He huddled with directors .' ), 'He tried to block his opponent .')

Input: And although the recent turmoil in the stock and junk-bond markets , by making it harder to arrange takeover financing , has eased some of the pressure on Mr. Corry , it does n't end the takeover threat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry is the pressure on Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by making it harder to arrange takeover financing .','The recent turmoil in the stock and junk-bond markets has eased some of Corry .' ), 'And , it does n't end the takeover threat .'))

Input: I know it 's not over , a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry was a sober-faced Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio .','Kobe Steel Ltd. was USX 's partner .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Corry acknowledged .','While greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. .')))

Input: I do n't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they 've seen me pound the table or get angry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I do n't think most of the people .', SUB/ELABORATION('The people have been around .', SUB/ELABORATION('Me would ever say .','They 've seen me pound the table or get angry .')))

Input: Mr. Corry also ruled that all board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New York or Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry also ruled .', CO/DISJUNCTION('All board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New York .','All board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home .')))

Input: And , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of Texas Oil & Gas , which was acquired three years ago and has n't posted any significant operating profits since .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('And , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of Texas Oil & Gas .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since .','And , earlier this month , he has n't posted any significant operating profits .' ), 'Texas Oil & Gas was acquired three years ago .'))

Input: One former executive says , Nobody wanted that deal inside USX except Dave Roderick , who was a hunting and fishing buddy of William L. Hutchison , chairman of Texas Oil & Gas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was inside USX .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was except Dave Roderick .','One former executive says , Nobody wanted that deal .' )SUB/ELABORATION('William L. Hutchison was chairman of Texas Oil & Gas .','Dave Roderick was a hunting and fishing buddy of William L. Hutchison .')))

Input: The executive recalls Mr. Corry whispering to him and others , Remember , this was Dave 's deal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The executive recalls Corry , this was Dave 's deal .',', Corry was whispering to him and others , Remember .'))

Input: What 's more , the takeover occurred as natural-gas prices were falling and just as Texas Oil & Gas reported its first annual loss in 28 years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That would leave USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral and transportation products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with Marathon .','This is with its steel mills .','This is with its diversified business segment .' ), 'That would leave USX .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other things .','USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment includes mineral and transportation products .'))

Input: The problem is that Mr. Icahn is pushing him to move faster and further in restructuring USX than Mr. Corry had planned .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Icahn was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The problem is .','Icahn is pushing him to move faster and further in restructuring USX than Corry had planned .'))

Input: Mr. Icahn advocates the sale of the company 's steel operations , and Mr. Corry does n't necessarily disagree .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Icahn is Mr. .','Icahn advocates the sale of the company 's steel operations .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry is Mr. .',', Corry does n't necessarily disagree .'))

Input: It is n't surprising that Messrs. Roderick and Corry view steel so differently .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roderick is Messrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is n't surprising .','Roderick and Corry view steel so differently .'))

Input: While Mr. Roderick was reared in the shadows of Pittsburgh 's smoking mills , Mr. Corry grew up in Cincinnati , a city nicknamed Porkapolis and more accustomed to pork chops than pig iron .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roderick was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Roderick was reared in the shadows of Pittsburgh 's smoking mills .', CO/LIST(', Corry grew up in Cincinnati , a city nicknamed Porkapolis than pig iron .',', Corry grew up in Cincinnati , a city nicknamed more accustomed to pork chops than pig iron .')))

Input: Dave thought the country needed a strong U.S. Steel and , while Chuck agreed , he was more apt to say , Not at any cost to shareholders , a former executive says .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Dave thought .','The country needed a strong U.S. Steel .' )CO/CONTRAST(', Chuck agreed .','He was more apt to say .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at any cost to shareholders .','A former executive says .'))

Input: Indeed , Mr. Corry , at an August press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and not a day longer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corry was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was indeed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at an August press conference .',', Corry talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and not a day longer .')))

Input: However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil and gas : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Roderick is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', Shedding steel would run directly counter to Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil and gas .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to one market 's down cycle .','Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings .')))

Input: As Mr. Roderick once said : We 're a two-product company and , boy , if you ca n't figure out the value of those two parts , you are so damn dumb that you do n't belong on Wall Street .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roderick was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as Roderick .','Once said : We 're a two-product company and , boy , if you ca n't figure out the value of those two parts , you are so damn dumb that you do n't belong on Wall Street .'))

Input: The time has passed for us to spin off steel , either in a public offering or to a buyer , one executive contends .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Marathon has benefited from higher crude-oil prices and strong demand for refined products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for refined products .', CO/LIST('Marathon has benefited from higher crude-oil prices .','Marathon has benefited from strong demand .'))

Input: And then , he wo n't panic , says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And then , he wo n't panic .', CO/LIST('And then , he wo n't says J. Bruce Johnston .','And then , he wo n't says a former USX executive .','And then , he wo n't says now a labor .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh .','And then , he wo n't benefit consultant .'))

Input: It 's part of the capitalistic market system that equity can be bought and equity is bought , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's part of the capitalistic market system .','Equity can be bought .' ), 'Equity is bought .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Shaw-Walker makes metal files and desks .',', Shaw-Walker makes seating and office systems furniture .' ), ', Shaw-Walker is based in Muskegon , Mich. .')

Input: Israel wants to end the dialogue , but our analysts take a different view than theirs .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Israel wants to end the dialogue .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is than theirs .','Our analysts take a different view .'))

Input: Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Shamir 's top adviser on counterterrorism , Yigal Carmon , was here Monday to present the report to members of Congress , reporters and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yitzhak Shamir was Israeli Prime Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION('Yitzhak Shamir 's top adviser on counterterrorism was Yigal Carmon .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to members of Congress .','This was to members of reporters .','This was to members of others .' ), 'Yitzhak Shamir 's top adviser on counterterrorism was here Monday to present the report .')))

Input: If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? Mr. Carmon asked .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carmon was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? .','This was what Carmon asked .'))

Input: Israel has long claimed Mr. Arafat never meant to renounce terrorism , particularly because he and his lieutenants reserved the right to press armed struggle against the Jewish state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arafat was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Israel has long claimed Arafat never meant to renounce terrorism , particularly because he reserved the right to press armed struggle against the Jewish state .','Israel has long claimed Arafat never meant to renounce terrorism , particularly because his lieutenants reserved the right to press armed struggle against the Jewish state .'))

Input: To meet the U.S. criteria , Israel contended it only listed incidents that involved civilians and occurred inside its pre-1967 borders .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to meet the U.S. criteria .', SUB/ELABORATION('Israel contended .', SUB/ELABORATION('It only listed incidents .', CO/LIST('Incidents involved civilians .','Incidents occurred inside its pre-1967 borders .'))))

Input: At the heart of Israel 's report is a list of a dozen incidents Jerusalem attributes to Fatah , including the use of bombs and Molotov cocktails .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But U.S. officials say they are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be offshoots of the intifadah , the Palestinian rebellion in the occupied territories , which the U.S. does n't classify as terrorism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The intifadah was the Palestinian rebellion in the occupied territories .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what U.S. officials say .','They are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be offshoots of the intifadah .' ), 'The U.S. does n't classify as terrorism the occupied territories .'))

Input: In addition , the officials say Israel has n't presented convincing evidence these acts were ordered by Fatah or by any group Mr. Arafat controls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arafat was any group Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the officials say in addition .', SUB/ELABORATION('Israel has n't presented convincing evidence .','These acts were ordered by Fatah or by Arafat controls evidence .')))

Input: Concern about the volatile U.S. stock market had faded in recent sessions , and traders appeared content to let the dollar languish in a narrow range until tomorrow , when the preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product is released .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Concern about the volatile U.S. stock market had faded in recent sessions .', SUB/SPATIAL('Traders appeared content to let the dollar languish in a narrow range until tomorrow .','The preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product is released .'))

Input: But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average yesterday put Wall Street back in the spotlight and inspired market participants to bid the U.S. unit lower .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average yesterday put Wall Street back in the spotlight .', SUB/PURPOSE('But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average inspired market participants .','This was to bid the U.S. unit lower .'))

Input: By midmorning , the DJIA had plunged 80 points and foreign-exchange dealers quickly drove the dollar down .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by midmorning .','The DJIA had plunged 80 points .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by midmorning .','Foreign-exchange dealers quickly drove the dollar down .'))

Input: When the DJIA modestly rebounded , the dollar bounced back in choppy dealings but ended the day below the levels of late Monday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The DJIA modestly rebounded .', CO/CONTRAST('The dollar bounced back in choppy dealings .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was below the levels of late Monday .','The dollar ended the day .')))

Input: They also point out that narrowing interest-rate differentials between the U.S. and its major trading partners tend to make the U.S. currency less attractive to foreign investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They also point out .', CO/LIST('Narrowing interest-rate differentials between the U.S. .','Its major trading partners tend to make the U.S. currency less attractive to foreign investors .'))

Input: The news also knocked the British unit to below 2.95 marks in London , but a bout of short-covering helped sterling recoup some of its earlier losses .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to below 2.95 marks .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in London .','The news also knocked the British unit .' ), 'A bout of short-covering helped sterling recoup some of its earlier losses .'))

Input: Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. are its parent .','Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. were its parent .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .','Its parent has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions .')))

Input: But people familiar with Boston Co. 's performance say the unit had profit of around $ 17 million for the third quarter , after barely breaking even for the first six months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what people familiar with Boston Co. 's performance say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after barely breaking even for the first six months .','The unit had profit of around $ 17 million .')))

Input: John Kriz , a Moody 's vice president , said Boston Safe Deposit 's performance has been hurt this year by a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Kriz was a Moody 's vice president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what John Kriz said .','Boston Safe Deposit 's performance has been hurt this year by a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities .'))

Input: a plea not to rock the boat too much , and the presidents ' recommendations could face considerable opposition at the NCAA 's full convention in January , which will vote on them .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A plea not to rock the boat too much .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the NCAA 's full convention in January .','The presidents ' recommendations could face considerable opposition .' ), 'The NCAA 's full convention in January will vote on them .'))

Input: rton announced earlier this month that it was exploring the possible sale of all or part of Eastman Christensen .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rton announced earlier this month .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It was exploring the possible sale of all .','It was exploring part of Eastman Christensen .'))

Input: hether he can be firm with his longtime allies , including union leaders and political cronies who may seek a place at the trough .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including union leaders .','This is including political cronies .' ), 'Hether he can be firm with his longtime allies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the trough .','Political cronies may seek a place .'))

Input: ia dons to Wall Street executives , has succeeded in raising questions about Mr. Dinkins 's ethical standards , but so far has failed to generate excitement about his own candidacy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was questions about Mr. .', CO/LIST('Ia dons to Wall Street executives .','Ia has succeeded in raising Dinkins 's ethical standards .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about his own candidacy .','Ia has failed to generate excitement .')))

Input: 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: il suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Antar was shareholders against Mr. .', CO/LIST('Il suits previously filed by Antar .','Il suits previously filed by others .'))

Input: or shape steel products .
Prediction: NONE

Input: iles for follow-on flight tests .
Prediction: NONE

Input: e payments as an entitlement , 42 came from the 13 states in the Old Dixiecrat South and its borders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('An entitlement was 42 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the Old Dixiecrat South .','This was in its borders .' ), 'E payments as an entitlement came from the 13 states .'))

Input: rn parallels or metaphors to make Shakespeare accessible to today 's audiences .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('547 million estimates .','$ 2.36 a share , estimates .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('547 million was in line with Wall Street .','$ 2.36 a share , was in line with Wall Street .'))

Input: he new office of the chairman .
Prediction: NONE

Input: re than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('There was re than one hard blow .','There was at the end of the affair .' ), 'There was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target .')

Input: ily subsidize its rice farmers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: t-savings tax incentive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: rom their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with stock prices .', CO/LIST(', Stock prices are falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains almost unchanged .',', Stock prices are falling modestly , bond prices posting the dollar almost unchanged .' ), 'Rom their recent wild gyrations .'))

Input: ng violet in her initial statement to the BPCA , a New York State public benefit corporation : The only thing I was interested in doing was a very complicated garden , which would cost an enormous amount of money and be very expensive to maintain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The BPCA was a New York State public benefit corporation : The only thing .','I was interested in doing The only thing .' ), 'Ng violet in her initial statement to the BPCA was a very complicated garden .' )CO/LIST('A very complicated garden would cost an enormous amount of money .','A very complicated garden would be very expensive to maintain .'))

Input: individual investors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: fident that it will produce a healthy profit , but some securities analysts doubt it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: nderwriter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: mulate the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  a single trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: rom CBS and say , We can overbid , too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CBS is rom .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .',', CBS and say , We can overbid .'))

Input: 8.292 % at last week 's sale .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Federal Housing Administration , Veterans Administration and the Department of Housing and Urban Development further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .', CO/LIST('The Federal Housing Administration further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock .','Veterans Administration further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock .','The Department of Housing and Urban Development further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock .' )CO/LIST('The Federal Housing Administration further were buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth .','Veterans Administration further were buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth .','The Department of Housing and Urban Development further were buying in to their foreclosed properties -LRB- of which there are , alas , many -RRB- at an inflated balance due -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth .')))

Input: Istat said a national survey during the first week of July showed the number of job seekers was 2,888,000 up from 2,822,000 in April , and from 2,853,000 a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Istat said .', SUB/ELABORATION('A national survey during the first week of July showed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in April , and from 2,853,000 a year ago .','The number of job seekers was 2,888,000 up from 2,822,000 .')))

Input: The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % in July from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .','The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % .'))

Input: Quarter net for the business-machines and financial-services company rose to $ 155 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 146 million , or $ 1.37 a share , in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 146 million .','This was from $ 1.37 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Quarter net for the business-machines and financial-services company rose to $ 155 million .','Quarter net for the business-machines and financial-services company rose to $ 1.41 a share .')))

Input: Sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- Xerox 's main business -- were disappointing , said B. Alex Henderson , who follows the company for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sales of Xerox copiers and other office products grew 1.6 % ; we expected growth of 6 % to 7 % , Mr. Henderson said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Henderson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Sales of Xerox copiers and other office products grew 1.6 % .','We expected growth of 6 % to 7 % .' ), 'This was what Henderson said .'))

Input: They are holding their own in a weak market , and the restructuring is working , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a weak market .','They are holding their own .' ), 'The restructuring is working .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: David T. Kearns , Xerox chairman and chief executive officer , cited the restructuring and strong cost controls for the 13 % growth in profit from business products and systems operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David T. Kearns was Xerox chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the 13 % growth in profit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from business products and systems operations .', CO/LIST('David T. Kearns cited the restructuring .','David T. Kearns cited strong cost controls .'))))

Input: Mr. Glazer expects Xerox to experience tough sledding , though , in financial services because of rate pressures and uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Glazer is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is though .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in financial services because of rate pressures .','This is in uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains .' ), 'Glazer expects Xerox to experience tough sledding .')))

Input: In the quarter , the Crum & Forster insurance unit reported $ 200 million before tax of capital gains from property and casualty operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was before tax of capital gains .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from property and casualty operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .','The Crum & Forster insurance unit reported $ 200 million .')))

Input: The subsidiary also increased reserves by $ 140 million , however , and set aside an additional $ 25 million for claims connected with Hurricane Hugo .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by $ 140 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','The subsidiary also increased reserves .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The subsidiary also set aside an additional $ 25 million for claims .',', Claims were connected with Hurricane Hugo .')))

Input: Orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years dipped 0.1 % last month , to $ 126.68 billion , after leaping 3.9 % in August , the department said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 126.68 billion .','Orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years dipped 0.1 % last month after .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','Orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years were leaping 3.9 % .' ), 'This was what the department said .'))

Input: Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a government analyst said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment .','Nearly all areas saw increases .')))

Input: But analysts noted that excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand pushed up the figures - order backlogs have declined for three months in a row .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts noted .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand - .','Order backlogs have declined for three months in a row .' ), 'Auto demand was pushed up the figures .'))

Input: But a Commerce Department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Civilian aircraft bookings were a category .','A category is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Commerce Department analyst said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in both months .','Orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings .')))

Input: Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Milton Hudson was senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .','Milton Hudson said .' )SUB/CONDITION('You look back a half-year or so .','The evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector .')))

Input: Now at least there are question marks about that , and without any question the pace of growth has slowed .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Now at least there are question marks about that .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without any question .','The pace of growth has slowed .'))

Input: In a statement , Arnold B. McKinnon , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that the new repurchase program should serve to enhance shareholder value .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arnold B. McKinnon was chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Arnold B. McKinnon noted in a statement .','The new repurchase program should serve to enhance shareholder value .'))

Input: A spokeswoman said the company will finance the buy-back with cash on hand , borrowing and cash Norfolk expects to generate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Norfolk is borrowing and cash .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokeswoman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with cash on hand .','The company will finance the buy-back .' ), 'This is what Norfolk expects to generate .')))

Input: Analysts said they expected the action , and investors applauded the move .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .','They expected the action .' ), 'Investors applauded the move .')

Input: In addition , Mrs. Lidgerwood said , Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lidgerwood is Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','Lidgerwood said , Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income .'))

Input: Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Falcon Holding Group Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million .','This was from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber .' ), 'It agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers .'))

Input: Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard W. Lock was retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. .', CO/LIST('Richard W. Lock was named a director of this transportation industry supplier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to six members .','Richard W. Lock was increasing its board .')))

Input: In the Manager 's Journal , Atsushi Kageyama , in commenting on many differences between American and Japanese culture , said , Japanese children are raised in a way many Americans would find severe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in commenting on many differences between American and Japanese culture .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Manager 's Journal .','Atsushi Kageyama said , Japanese children are raised in a way .' ), 'Many Americans would find severe a way .'))

Input: Unless parents and educators alike start to develop more discipline in children , all the worthy concern , discussions and actions will not solve the problem .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in children .','Parents and educators alike start to develop more discipline .' ), 'All the worthy concern , discussions and actions will not solve the problem .')

Input: Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Retired Adm. William J. Crowe was former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. .','Retired Adm. William J. Crowe was former chairman of Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('William J. Crowe was Adm. .','Retired William J. Crowe were elected directors of this securities firm .'))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: Japan has climbed up from the ashes of World War II and a gross national product of about $ 800 per capita to reach the heavyweight class among industrialized nations .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Japan has climbed up from the ashes of World War II .','Japan has climbed up from a gross national product of about $ 800 per capita .' ), 'This was to reach the heavyweight class among industrialized nations .')

Input: The government built ports , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and railways .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It gave the Japanese people a value system , based on the rationalization that given the country 's lack of natural resources , they must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It gave the Japanese people a value system .', SUB/ELABORATION('A value system was based on the rationalization .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is given the country 's lack of natural resources .','They must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus .')))

Input: The people have given their leading and only credible political party , the Liberal Democratic Party , clear and uninterrupted power for those 40 years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Liberal Democratic Party was their leading and only credible political party .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for those 40 years .','The people have given their leading and only credible political party clear and uninterrupted power .'))

Input: Its government still wants to sit in the driver 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the brakes and steer , with 120 million people in the back seat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the back seat .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with 120 million people .','Its government still wants to sit in the driver 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the brakes and steer .'))

Input: In a modern system , the government 's role is to give the people as much choice as possible and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as much choice as possible .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a modern system .','The government 's role is to give the people and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice .'))

Input: It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from anywhere .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the world .', CO/LIST('It also allows people to buy the best .','It also allows people to buy the cheapest goods .')))

Input: And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself .', SUB/ELABORATION('And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs are supporting Japanese diplomats .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's .','Japanese diplomats sprinkle abundant aid money .')))

Input: Instead , it seems to be using foreign pressure and even the trade conflict to expand its sphere of influence vis a vis other ministries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is instead .', CO/LIST('It seems to be using foreign pressure to expand its sphere of influence vis a vis other ministries .','It seems to be using even the trade conflict to expand its sphere of influence vis a vis other ministries .'))

Input: All this illustrates that Japanese ministries still have a provider mentality ; they do not serve the people , and particularly not consumers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('All this illustrates .','Japanese ministries still have a provider mentality .' )CO/LIST('They do not serve the people .','They do not serve particularly not consumers .'))

Input: Japanese put up with it because the government provided job stability and growing paychecks .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Japanese put up with it .', CO/LIST('The government provided job stability .','The government provided growing paychecks .'))

Input: If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the bill was passed without debate in the Diet , in the absence of the opposition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Diet .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the absence of the opposition .','But the bill was passed without debate .'))

Input: They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was given as change .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was at the cashier .','This was at the small coins .' ), 'They were frustrated by the longer queues .'))

Input: Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals -LRB- though they were furious about Recruit -RRB- , women were upset about both and surged to the polls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals -LRB- though they were furious about Recruit -RRB- .', CO/LIST('Women were upset about both .','Women were surged to the polls .'))

Input: In the recent Upper House and Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections , in which the Socialist Party won a runaway victory , 60 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 40 % .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in the recent Upper House .','This was in Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections .' ), '60 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 40 % .' )SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in the recent Upper House .','This was in Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections .' ), 'The Socialist Party won a runaway victory .'))

Input: It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to Recruit , the sex scandals , or the one-yen coins in their purses , but they obviously were voting to punish the LDP .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/DISJUNCTION('It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to Recruit in their purses .','It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to the sex scandals in their purses .','It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to the one-yen coins in their purses .' ), 'They obviously were voting to punish the LDP .')

Input: It 's now OK to deal with the U.S. , but not the Soviet Union .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One party could stand for consumer interests , small government , free trade and globalism to put Japan clearly among the most developed and open countries .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('One party could stand for consumer interests .','One party could stand for small government .','One party could stand for free trade .','One party could stand for globalism .' ), 'This is to put Japan clearly among the most developed and open countries .')

Input: The other party could continue on the traditional track of the LDP , representing the manufacturers ' preference for larger government , control , regulation and protectionism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Larger government is control , regulation and protectionism .', CO/LIST('The other party could continue on the traditional track of the LDP .','The other party is representing the manufacturers ' preference for larger government .'))

Input: In the current mood of the Japanese people , journalists and even some industrialists , giving power to the Socialists might be good for the LDP , cleansing it of past sins .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Socialists .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is of past sins .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the current mood of the Japanese people , journalists and even some industrialists .', CO/LIST('Giving power might be good for the LDP .','Giving power is cleansing it .'))))

Input: We must not forget , however , that such a humble political experiment could cause a global tidal wave of shocks in real-estate and financial markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','We must not forget .' ), ', Such a humble political experiment could cause a global tidal wave of shocks in real-estate and financial markets .')

Input: Men are still combing the beach with shovels and hand brushes , searching for that unusual glint .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with shovels and hand brushes .','Men are still combing the beach .' ), 'Men are searching for that unusual glint .')

Input: But only after a fleet of 336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles belonging to De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. , the world 's diamond kingpins , do their work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. is the world 's diamond kingpins .', SUB/ELABORATION('But only after a fleet of 336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles , do their work .','336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles are belonging to De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. .'))

Input: Last year , 43 million tons of desert were moved from one dune to another to recover 934,242 carats , which comes to 46 tons of sand per carat , or one-fifth gram .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to another .','Last year , 43 million tons of desert were moved from one dune .' ), 'This was to recover 934,242 carats , or one-fifth gram .' ), '934,242 carats comes to 46 tons of sand per carat .')

Input: Thanks to centuries of polishing by Mother Nature -- first in the gentle current of the Orange River that carried the stones from South Africa 's interior , then in the cold surf of the ocean , and finally in the coarse sands of the desert -- 98 % of the diamonds uncovered are of gem quality .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is then .','Thanks to centuries of polishing by Mother Nature -- first in the gentle current of the Orange River in the cold surf of the ocean , and finally in the coarse sands of the desert -- 98 % of the diamonds are of gem quality .' ), 'The diamonds are uncovered .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was from South Africa 's interior .','The gentle current of the Orange River carried the stones .'))

Input: Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908 , the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert -- about 200 miles north from the Orange River and 60 miles inland from the Atlantic -- a restricted area , a designation normally reserved for military operations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at night .','Jackals roam the streets .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Gemsbok is hardy antelope with long straight horns .','Gemsbok wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers .'))

Input: On most days , the desert 's heat and the cool of the ocean combine to create a mist like a damp rag .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is like a damp rag .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on most days .', CO/LIST('The desert 's heat combine to create a mist .','The cool of the ocean combine to create a mist .')))

Input: And Oranjemund boasts attractions besides diamonds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are six video rental shops , three restaurants , one cinema and 34 sports and recreation clubs for everything from cricket to lawn bowling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from cricket .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for everything .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to lawn bowling .', CO/LIST('There are six video rental shops .','There are three restaurants .','There are one cinema .','There are 34 sports and recreation clubs .'))))

Input: Mechanized vacuum cleaners probe the sand like giant anteaters ; a whirring ferris wheellike excavator , with buckets instead of seats , chews through layers of compacted sand ; tracks and conveyor belts , shuttling sand to the screening plants , criss-cross the beach .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mechanized vacuum cleaners probe the sand like giant anteaters .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with buckets instead of seats .','A whirring ferris wheellike excavator chews through layers of compacted sand .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the screening plants .','Tracks and conveyor belts , shuttling sand , criss-cross the beach .'))

Input: Then there is the artifical sea wall , 600 yards long and 60 yards thick , jutting into the ocean .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is 600 yards long and 60 yards thick .','Then there is the artifical sea wall .' ), 'The artifical sea wall is jutting into the ocean .')

Input: Engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean tossed them aside like driftwood .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('Engineers first used concrete blocks .','This was to bolster the barrier .' ), 'The ocean tossed them aside like driftwood .')

Input: Despite all these innovations , most of the diamonds are still found in the sand swept away by the men wielding shovels and brushes -- the ignominiously named bedrock sweepers who toil in the wake of the excavators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite all these innovations .','Most of the diamonds are still found in the sand swept away by the men wielding shovels and brushes -- the ignominiously named bedrock sweepers .' ), 'The ignominiously named bedrock sweepers toil in the wake of the excavators .')

Input: Still , employees do occasionally try to smuggle out a gem or two .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Employees do occasionally try to smuggle out a gem .','Employees do occasionally try to smuggle out two .'))

Input: DISASTER STATES are n't jumping to raise taxes for relief and recovery .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for North Carolina Gov. Martin says Hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Martin was North Carolina Gov. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a spokesman for Martin says .','Hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases .'))

Input: Legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes , although Gov. Deukmejian says they should be a last resort .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Deukmejian is Gov. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes .', CO/CONTRAST('Deukmejian says .','They should be a last resort .')))

Input: If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer .', CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to IRS inquiries .','A taxpayer has n't refused to give timely answers .' ), 'A taxpayer has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error .'))

Input: A couple we 'll call the Blandings spent nearly $ 800,000 on a 15-acre plot and main home and have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a 15-acre plot and main home .','A couple spent nearly $ 800,000 .' ), 'We 'll call the Blandings A couple .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A couple have an old $ 175,000 mortgage exempt from the new limit on mortgage-interest deductions .','We 'll call the Blandings A couple .'))

Input: Thus , the IRS says , the Blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home-acquisition debt , and interest on it is fully deductible .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is thus .','The IRS says .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is thus .','The Blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home-acquisition debt .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is thus .','Interest on it is fully deductible .'))

Input: EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers like those provided for Hugo 's victims ; IRS Notice 89108 has details .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was like those .','Those was provided for Hugo 's victims .' ), 'EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers .' ), 'IRS Notice 89108 has details .')

Input: REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses .', SUB/ELABORATION('REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services do n't bet .',', Contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way .'))

Input: A claim by Peter Testa of New York that a stranger paid him $ 500 to go into a bank and change $ 44,400 in small bills into large bills is unconvincing , the Tax Court found .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A retired electrical engineer we 'll call Ben works part-time as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('A retired electrical engineer works part-time as a consultant .','We 'll call Ben A retired electrical engineer .' ), 'He does n't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits .')

Input: If you assign your income to another , you still have controlled its disposition and enjoyed the fruits of your labor , even if indirectly .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to another .','You assign your income .' )CO/LIST('You still have controlled its disposition .','You still have enjoyed the fruits of your labor , even if indirectly .'))

Input: Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is without .',', Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements .' ), ', Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows are serving a substantial government interest .' ), ', Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows are unconstitutional .' ), 'This is what the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc .')

Input: Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they advertise in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad clutter and a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines .','They advertise in plenty .' )CO/LIST('Blue-chip advertisers are ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad clutter .','Blue-chip advertisers are ranging from a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines .'))

Input: Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reuben Mark was chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Reuben Mark said .','Advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences .'))

Input: Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called niche-itis , the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leonard Lauder was president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Niche-itis was the increasing number of magazines .','The increasing number of magazines target the idosyncratic interests of readers .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Leonard Lauder said .',', Consumer magazines are suffering from what he called niche-itis .')))

Input: He added : There 's probably even a magazine for left-handed golfers ... but the general interest magazine is something we all miss , and it should come back .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He added .','There 's probably even a magazine for left-handed golfers .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The general interest magazine is something .','We all miss something .' ), 'It should come back .'))

Input: And Tina Brown , editor of Conde Nast Publications Inc. 's Vanity Fair , said advertisers are frequently asked to take advertising positions in the back of her magazine to relieve ad clutter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tina Brown was editor of Conde Nast Publications Inc. 's Vanity Fair .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tina Brown said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the back of her magazine to relieve ad clutter .','Advertisers are frequently asked to take advertising positions .')))

Input: Wall Street securities giant Salomon Inc. posted a big , unexpected earnings gain in the third quarter , buoyed by its securities trading and investment banking activities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Salomon Inc. was Wall Street securities giant .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .',', Salomon Inc. posted a big , unexpected earnings gain .' ), 'The third quarter was buoyed by its securities trading and investment banking activities .'))

Input: Salomon said net income soared to $ 177 million , or $ 1.28 a share , from $ 65 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Salomon said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 65 million a year earlier .','This was from 38 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income soared to $ 177 million .','Net income soared to $ 1.28 a share .')))

Input: The earnings were fine and above expectations , said Michael W. Blumstein , an analyst at First Boston Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I suspect October was n't as good as the third quarter , and they 'll have difficulty matching the third quarter in the fourth quarter , Mr. Blumstein said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Blumstein was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i suspect .','October was n't as good as the third quarter .' ), 'They 'll have difficulty matching the third quarter in the fourth quarter .' ), 'This was what Blumstein said .'))

Input: That 's the word expected to be on the lips of the more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers slated to attend a four-day conference , beginning here today , sponsored by the Urban Land Institute .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('That 's the word .', SUB/ELABORATION('The word was expected to be on the lips of the more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers .','The more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers were slated to attend a four-day conference , beginning here today .' ), 'A four-day conference was sponsored by the Urban Land Institute .'))

Input: With the market overbuilt , builders are finding limited opportunities and increased risks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the market overbuilt .', CO/LIST('Builders are finding limited opportunities .','Builders are finding increased risks .'))

Input: Conference attendees are expected to be buzzing about the workings of the recently formed Resolution Trust Corp. , a federal agency charged with disposing of an estimated $ 200 billion of real estate dumped in government hands by insolvent savings and loans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The recently formed Resolution Trust Corp. was a federal agency .', SUB/ELABORATION('A federal agency was charged with disposing of an estimated $ 200 billion of real estate .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by insolvent savings and loans .','Real estate was dumped in government hands .' ), ', Conference attendees are expected to be buzzing about the workings of the recently formed Resolution Trust Corp. .')))

Input: Developers are also forming more joint ventures with pension funds and insurance companies that can finance big projects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with pension funds and insurance companies .','Developers are also forming more joint ventures .' )CO/LIST('Pension funds can finance big projects .','Insurance companies can finance big projects .'))

Input: The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Why should you beat your brains out fighting the environmentalists , the neighborhood groups , dealing with traffic mitigation , sewers and fighting city hall , then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an overbuilt market when you can get pension fund money , buy a portfolio , sell off pieces off it and play your own game ? says Jack Rodman , managing partner of the Los Angeles office of Kenneth Leventhal Inc. a national accounting firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But experts say that when it comes to distressed properties , finding diamonds in the rough is n't easy .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what experts say .', SUB/ELABORATION('It comes to distressed properties .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the rough .','Finding diamonds is n't easy .')))

Input: Finding pension funds and other sources willing to invest is a high priority .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sheraton Corp. and Pan American World Airways announced that they and two Soviet partners will construct two world-class hotels within a mile of Red Square in Moscow .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sheraton Corp. and Pan American World Airways announced .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is within a mile of Red Square in Moscow .', CO/LIST('They will construct two world-class hotels .','Two Soviet partners will construct two world-class hotels .')))

Input: U.S. and Soviet officials hailed the joint project as a new indication of the further thaw in U.S.-Soviet relations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a new indication of the further thaw .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in U.S.-Soviet relations .','U.S. and Soviet officials hailed the joint project .'))

Input: One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 75 million to build .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms .','This is to build .' )SUB/PURPOSE('One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will cost an estimated $ 75 million .','This was to build .'))

Input: It will have a Russian tavern , an English pub , a discotheque and Japanese and Italian restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a Sheraton announcement .', CO/LIST('It will have a Russian tavern .','It will have an English pub .','It will have a discotheque .','It will have Japanese and Italian restaurants .'))

Input: Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet owners will be Mossoviet , Moscow 's city governing body , and Aeroflot , the Soviet national airline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mossoviet is Moscow 's city governing body .', SUB/ELABORATION('Aeroflot is the Soviet national airline .', CO/LIST('The Soviet owners will be Mossoviet .','The Soviet owners will be Aeroflot .')))

Input: U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures have been announced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since the Soviets .','Began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 .')))

Input: But some U.S. companies are negotiating projects that could be among the biggest ones to be launched .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some U.S. companies are negotiating projects .', SUB/PURPOSE('Projects could be among the biggest ones .','This was to be launched .'))

Input: Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sheraton and Pan Am said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from their hotel venture .','They can repatriate profits .')))

Input: The Sheraton Moscow will charge about $ 140 to $ 150 a day for each of its rooms , and it will accept payment only in currencies that can be traded in foreign exchange markets , according to a Sheraton executive .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for each of its rooms .','The Sheraton Moscow will charge about $ 140 to $ 150 a day .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a Sheraton executive .','It will accept payment only in currencies .' ), ', Currencies can be traded in foreign exchange markets .'))

Input: Also , Sheldon Aboff , formerly a vice president at Maxwell , was named group vice president with responsibility for various electronic and publishing-group companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sheldon Aboff was formerly a vice president at Maxwell .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for various electronic and publishing-group companies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .',', Sheldon Aboff was named group vice president with responsibility .')))

Input: But how sweet it is .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It has a long shelf life and does n't fool the public , says Grady Auvil , an Orondo , Wash. , grower who is planting Fujis and spreading the good word about them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Auvil , razor sharp at 83 , has picked and packed a zillion pecks of apples over the past 65 years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Auvil was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past 65 years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was razor sharp at 83 .','Auvil has picked and packed a zillion pecks of apples .')))

Input: Red Delicious has been overplanted , and its prices have dropped below the cost of production , says Washington State 's Mr. Norton .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to growers .','The glut and consequent lower prices was a very serious blow .' ), 'The glut and consequent lower prices were combined with cancer fears .')

Input: Besides rotten prices , he has been hit recently by hail , a bark-nibbling horde of mice , fungi and bugs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hail was a bark-nibbling horde of mice , fungi and bugs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was besides rotten prices .','He has been hit recently by hail .'))

Input: I 've ripped out a lot of Delicious and grafted the trees with many different shoots , says Steve Wood , a West Lebanon , N.H. , grower , tramping through his 100-acre Poverty Lane Orchard on a crisp autumn day recently .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Japanese apple market is very keyed to high quality , says David Lane , a scientist at a Canadian horticulture research center in Summerland , British Columbia , and so apples are more of a delicacy there than a big food commodity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then , as growers bred them more for looks , and to satisfy supermarket chains ' demands of long-term storage , the Red went into decline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was more for looks .','This was more for to satisfy supermarket chains ' demands of long-term storage .' ), 'Growers bred them .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was then .','The Red went into decline .'))

Input: It ripens later than most apples , and growing it in U.S. areas with chilly autumns may be tricky .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It ripens later than most apples .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in U.S. areas .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with chilly autumns .','Growing it may be tricky .')))

Input: Mr. Broderick , the Massachusetts grower , says the big boss at a supermarket chain even rejected his Red Delicious recently because they were n't waxed and brushed for extra shine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Broderick was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Broderick was the Massachusetts grower .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Broderick says .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the big boss at a supermarket chain rejected his Red Delicious recently .','Because they were n't waxed and brushed for extra shine .'))))

Input: And he had n't used hormones , which many growers employ to elongate their Delicious apples for greater eye appeal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And he had n't used hormones .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for greater eye appeal hormones .','Many growers employ to elongate their Delicious apples .'))

Input: Or , for that matter , the core .
Prediction: NONE

Input: From 1980 to 1988 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion , the government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 1980 to 1988 .', CO/LIST('The government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans .','The government issued an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees .')))

Input: Scores of other credit programs , subsidizing agriculture , small business , exporters , defense , energy , transportation and others , are less visible but in no better shape .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If the programs continue their present path , the potential government losses are staggering : The federal government holds $ 222 billion in direct loans outstanding and backs an additional $ 550 billion in primary guarantees .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('The programs continue their present path .','The potential government losses are staggering .' )CO/LIST('The federal government holds $ 222 billion in direct loans outstanding .','The federal government backs an additional $ 550 billion in primary guarantees .'))

Input: Thus , subsidized loans tend to turn into giveaway programs , with increasing subsidy and default rates over time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is thus .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with increasing subsidy and default rates over time .',', Subsidized loans tend to turn into giveaway programs .'))

Input: Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Credit policy should eliminate aspects .','Aspects provide the subsidy .'))

Input: In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is regardless of family income .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for any student at market or near-market rates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in contrast .','A student loan program would allow loans .' ), 'A student loan program was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections .')))

Input: While the student was in school , interest costs would either be paid by the student or added to the loan balance .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The student was in school .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Interest costs would either be paid by the student .','Interest costs would either added to the loan balance .'))

Input: These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program .','A program was intended to provide a subsidy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('These provisions would be reasonable and effective devices for programs .','Programs attempt to offset market imperfections .'))

Input: By converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee , the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to a guarantee .','The government is converting an expenditure or loan .' )CO/LIST('The government can ensure the same flow of resources .','The government can reduce the current deficit .'))

Input: This figure could be estimated using techniques employed by private lenders to forecast losses , or determined by selling loans to private owners -LRB- without federal guarantees -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including the development of a loan loss reserve .','This is including the development of regular outside audits .' ), 'The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices .')

Input: Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The reforms described above would provide a more limited , but clearer , safer and ultimately more useful role for government as a lender .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a lender .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is safer .','The reforms described above would provide a more limited , but clearer and ultimately more useful role for government .'))

Input: Malcolm S. Todt was named vice president and senior officer in charge of equipment leasing to municipalities , a new effort of this bond insurer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Municipalities were a new effort of this bond insurer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in charge of equipment leasing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to municipalities .','Malcolm S. Todt was named vice president and senior officer .')))

Input: But some analysts , particularly conservative legal scholars , have urged Mr. Bush not to wait for explicit authorization but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some analysts were particularly conservative legal scholars .','But some analysts have urged Bush not to wait for explicit authorization but simply to assert that the Constitution already implicitly gives him the power to exercise a line-item veto .'))

Input: But he also said that exercising a test line-item veto is n't a top initiative on the president 's agenda because he faces more-pressing budget issues at the moment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('Line-item veto is exercising a test .', SUB/CAUSE('Line-item veto is n't a top initiative on the president 's agenda .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the moment .','He faces more-pressing budget issues .'))))

Input: Mr. Ravine succeeds William R. Mansfield Jr. , who will remain with the company until the end of the year to support the transition and to complete important projects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Ravine is Mr. .','Ravine succeeds William R. Mansfield Jr. .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This is until the end of the year .','This is to support the transition and to complete important projects .' ), 'William R. Mansfield Jr. will remain with the company .'))

Input: But it would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when these goals would be achieved .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in .','But it would allow considerable flexibility .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But it was determining .','These goals would be achieved .'))

Input: Mr. Yeutter , seeking to allay European objections to an earlier U.S. plan that called for eliminating all farm-trade barriers by the year 2000 , said the new U.S. proposal would n't put farmers out of business but would only encourage them to grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yeutter was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Yeutter , seeking to allay European objections to an earlier U.S. plan that called for eliminating all farm-trade barriers by the year 2000 , said .', CO/CONTRAST('The new U.S. proposal would n't put farmers out of business .','The new U.S. proposal would only encourage them to grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants .')))

Input: The U.S. is submitting the proposal today in Geneva , hoping that the initiative will spur members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade to reach agreement on new trade rules before their current negotiating round concludes in December 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The U.S. is submitting the proposal today in Geneva .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the U.S. is hoping .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Tariffs and Trade .','The initiative will spur members of the General Agreement .' ), 'This is to reach agreement on new trade rules before their current negotiating round concludes in December 1990 .')))

Input: Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more fair play in services trade , including predictable and clear rules and equality in the treatment of foreign and domestic service companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Another U.S. proposal filed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in services trade .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including predictable and clear rules .','This is including equality in the treatment of foreign and domestic service companies .' ), 'Monday urges more fair play .')))

Input: Procter & Gamble Co. , helped by a gain from a lawsuit settlement and continued growth overseas , posted a 38 % rise in fiscal first-quarter net income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Procter & Gamble Co. posted a 38 % rise in fiscal first-quarter net income .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from a lawsuit settlement .','This was from continued growth overseas .' ), 'Procter & Gamble Co. was helped by a gain .'))

Input: Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $ 551 million , or $ 1.66 a share , from $ 400 million , or $ 1.18 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 400 million a year earlier .','This was from $ 1.18 a share , a year earlier .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Net for the quarter climbed to $ 551 million .','Net for the quarter climbed to $ 1.66 a share .' ), 'The quarter was ended Sept. 30 .'))

Input: Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million .','Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of about 25 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with three of P&G 's competitors .','Earnings at the consumer-products giant were stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation .')))

Input: One factor helping sales and earnings was a 3 % price rise for most P&G products , except coffee , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was except coffee .','One factor helping sales and earnings was a 3 % price rise for most P&G products .' ), 'This was what analysts said .')

Input: P&G 's U.S. shipments were up just 1 % , partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('P&G 's U.S. shipments were up just 1 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the fiscal second quarter .','The company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products .'))

Input: Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers .','This was to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases .' ), 'Last year 's drought in the Midwest was boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils .' ), 'This was what analysts said .')

Input: For fiscal 1990 , analysts expect P&G 's sales to continue to grow , with earnings climbing between 15 % and 20 % .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for fiscal 1990 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with earnings .','Analysts expect P&G 's sales .' ), 'Earnings are climbing between 15 % and 20 % .' ), 'This is to continue to grow .'))

Input: But I 'm recognizing there 's a good chance they 'll do a bit better than that , she says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i 'm recognizing .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('There 's a good chance .','They 'll do a bit better than that a good chance .' ), 'This is what she says .'))

Input: If he does to the domestic operations what he did internationally , says Mr. Zurkuhlen , this company will earn $ 6 or $ 7 a share in a few years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zurkuhlen is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('He does to the domestic operations what he did internationally , says Zurkuhlen .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a few years .','This company will earn $ 6 or $ 7 a share .')))

Input: In the 1980s , the Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required state legislatures and municipal governments to create the maximum number of safe minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1980s .', CO/LIST('The Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required state legislatures to create the maximum number of safe minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population .','The Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required municipal governments to create the maximum number of safe minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population .'))

Input: Although Section 2 of the act expressly disclaims requiring that minorities win a proportional share of elective offices , few municipal and state government plans achieve preclearance by the Justice Department or survive the scrutiny of the lower federal courts unless they carve out as many solidly minority districts as possible .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Section 2 of the act expressly disclaims requiring that minorities win a proportional share of elective offices .', CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the Justice Department .','Few municipal and state government plans achieve preclearance .' )SUB/CONDITION('Few municipal and state government plans survive the scrutiny of the lower federal courts .','They carve out as many solidly minority districts as possible .')))

Input: Far from promoting a commonality of interests among black , white , Hispanic and other minority voters , drawing the district lines according to race suggests that race is the voter 's and the candidate 's most important trait .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to race .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is far from promoting a commonality of interests among black , white , Hispanic and other minority voters .','Drawing the district lines suggests that race is the voter 's and the candidate 's most important trait .'))

Input: Such a policy implies that only a black politician can speak for a black person , and that only a white politician can govern on behalf of a white one .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census , every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after the 1990 census .','They reapportion their districts .' ), 'Every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue .')

Input: Several of the city 's black leaders , including Democratic mayoral nominee David Dinkins , have spoken out for racial gerrymandering to accord blacks and Hispanics the fullest opportunity for representation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Dinkins was Democratic mayoral nominee .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including David Dinkins .',', Several of the city 's black leaders have spoken out for racial gerrymandering .' ), 'This was to accord blacks and Hispanics the fullest opportunity for representation .'))

Input: In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black , Hispanic , and non-Hispanic white populations -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in northern Manhattan and the south Bronx and Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in this connection .', CO/LIST('It is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in northern Manhattan , for example .','It is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts -- the south Bronx and Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example .' ), 'Heterogeneous districts bring together sizable black , Hispanic , and non-Hispanic white populations .'))

Input: To win their seats on the council , these political leaders have had to listen to all the voices in their district and devise public policies that would benefit all .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to win their seats on the council .', SUB/ELABORATION('These political leaders have had to listen to all the voices in their district and devise public policies .','Public policies would benefit all .'))

Input: Often they have found that the relevant issue is not race , but rather housing , crime prevention or education .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Often they have found .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The relevant issue is not race , but rather housing .','The relevant issue is not race , but rather crime prevention .','The relevant issue is not race , but rather education .'))

Input: In the past , people who had to run for office had to moderate their views because they could n't afford to offend blacks or whites , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past .','People had to moderate their views because they could n't afford to offend blacks or whites .' ), 'People had to run for office .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Now you go to districts , you 're likely to get candidates whose views are more extreme , white and black , on racial issues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Now you go to districts , you 're likely to get candidates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on racial issues .',', Candidates 's views are more extreme , white and black .'))

Input: Two hundred years ago , critics of the new United States Constitution warned that the electoral districts for Congress were too large and encompassed too many different economic interests .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what critics of the new United States Constitution warned .','The electoral districts for Congress were too large .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was two hundred years ago .',', Critics of the new United States Constitution encompassed too many different economic interests .'))

Input: A small farmer and a seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('A small farmer could not be represented by the same spokesman .','A seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman .' ), 'This was what they said .')

Input: But James Madison refuted that argument in one of the most celebrated political treatises ever written , No. 10 of the Federalist Papers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The most celebrated political treatises ever written were no. 10 of the Federalist Papers .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in one of the most celebrated political treatises .','But James Madison refuted that argument .' ), 'The most celebrated political treatises were written .'))

Input: Madison 's noble and unifying vision of the representative still can guide us .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people .','We have discarded that belief .'))

Input: Such orders can have a wide-ranging impact on third parties who do business with the defendants , including clients , vendors , banks , investors , creditors , dependents , and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Such orders can have a wide-ranging impact on third parties .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including clients , vendors , banks , investors , creditors , dependents , and others .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the defendants .','A wide-ranging impact on third parties do business .')))

Input: 2 . In seeking approval of a TRO , the prosecutor must articulate any anticipated impact that forfeiture and the TRO would have on innocent third parties , balanced against the government 's need to preserve the assets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('2 . the prosecutor was seeking approval of a TRO .', SUB/ELABORATION('2 . , the prosecutor must articulate any anticipated impact .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Forfeiture would have on innocent third parties .','The TRO would have on innocent third parties .' ), 'Innocent third parties were balanced against the government 's need to preserve the assets .')))

Input: Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % in mid-October from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in mid-October .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .',', Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % .' ), 'Domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year .'))

Input: This trend appears to be especially true at General Motors Corp. , which used both dealer and consumer incentives to ignite sales in August and September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This trend appears to be especially true at General Motors Corp. .', SUB/PURPOSE('General Motors Corp. used both dealer and consumer incentives .','This was to ignite sales in August and September .'))

Input: Ford Motor Co. reported a 21.2 % drop in sales of domestic-made cars to 46,995 and a 24.2 % drop in domestic trucks to 31,143 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in sales of domestic-made cars to 46,995 .','This was in sales of a 24.2 % drop in domestic trucks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 31,143 .','Ford Motor Co. reported a 21.2 % drop .'))

Input: Town & Country Ford in Charlotte , N.C. , still needs to move about 850 1989 cars and trucks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Business had been fairly strong until Hurricane Hugo hit the area , but has been down since .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Business had been fairly strong .', CO/CONTRAST('Hurricane Hugo hit the area .','Hurricane Hugo has been down since .'))

Input: The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 and a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its minivans and Jeeps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 22,925 .', CO/LIST('The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 .','The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in a 17.5 % drop in truck sales .' ), '22,925 include its minivans and Jeeps .'))

Input: x - There were 9 selling days in the most recent period and 9 a year earlier .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Generally , it takes five business days to transfer stock and to take the other steps necessary to settle a trade .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is generally .','It takes five business days .' ), 'This is to transfer stock and to take the other steps necessary to settle a trade .')

Input: The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares .','The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares .' ), '279 million shares were established in July 1987 .')

Input: The sharp rise in OTC short interest compares with the 4.2 % decline in short interest on the New York Stock Exchange and the 3 % rise on the American Stock Exchange during the September-October period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is during the September-October period .', CO/LIST('The sharp rise in OTC short interest compares with the 4.2 % decline in short interest on the New York Stock Exchange .','The sharp rise in OTC short interest compares with the 3 % rise on the American Stock Exchange .'))

Input: Intel makes semiconductors and Campeau operates department-store chains and is strained for cash .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Intel makes semiconductors .', CO/LIST(', Campeau operates department-store chains .',', Campeau is strained for cash .'))

Input: For example , an investor may seek to profit during some takeover situations by buying stock in one company involved and shorting the stock of the other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by buying stock in one company and shorting the stock of the other .','One company was involved .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','An investor may seek to profit during some takeover situations .'))

Input: Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems , Class A shares of Tele-Communications and takeover targets Lyphomed and Jerrico .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Nasdaq stocks included Adobe Systems .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in short interest .','Nasdaq stocks showed a drop .' ), ', Class A shares of Tele-Communications .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lyphomed is Takeover targets .','Lyphomed and Jerrico .')))

Input: The adjacent tables show the issues in which a short interest position of at least 50,000 shares existed as of Oct. 13 or in which there was a short position change of at least 25,000 shares since Sept. 15 -LRB- see accompanying tables -- WSJ Oct. 25 , 1989 -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The weight of Lebanon 's history was also against him ; and it is a history Israel is in danger of repeating .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The weight of Lebanon 's history was also against him .', SUB/ELABORATION('Israel is a history .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is Israel .','Is Israel in danger of repeating .')))

Input: Yet Israel will neither share power with all these Arabs nor , says its present prime minister , redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with all these Arabs .','Yet Israel will neither share power .' ), 'Israel will neither redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland .'))

Input: By not choosing one of these options , Israelis will condemn themselves , as the Maronites did , to perpetual war with the Muslims in their midst , and so to the internal erosion of their state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by not choosing one of these options .','Israelis will condemn themselves .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Muslims .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to perpetual war in their midst , and so to the internal erosion of their state .','The Maronites did .')))

Input: The effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among exchange-listed stocks irked many market makers , who watched the Nasdaq Composite Index tumble in sympathy with the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among exchange-listed stocks irked many market makers .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Dow Jones Industrial Average .','Many market makers watched the Nasdaq Composite Index tumble in sympathy .' ), 'Many market makers then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally .'))

Input: After plummeting 1.8 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 5.52 , at 461.70 .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at one point during the day .','The composite was plummeting 1.8 % .' )CO/CONTRAST('The composite rebounded a little .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 461.70 .','The composite finished down 5.52 .')))

Input: In contrast , the industrial average recovered almost completely from its skid and closed down 0.1 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in contrast .','The industrial average recovered almost completely from its skid .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in contrast .','The industrial average closed down 0.1 % .'))

Input: Microsoft , battered by profit taking in recent sessions , sank as much as 4 ; but it finished at 80 7\/8 , down 2 1\/4 on volume of one million shares .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Microsoft sank as much as 4 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Microsoft was battered by profit .','Profit was taking in recent sessions .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 21\/4 on volume of one million shares .','It finished at 807\/8 .')))

Input: Apple Computer improved 7\/8 to 47 5\/8 ; Intel slipped 1\/4 to 33 1\/4 , and Valley National Corp. was up 1\/8 to 15 1\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Apple Computer improved 7\/8 to 475\/8 .', CO/LIST('Intel slipped 1\/4 to 331\/4 .','Valley National Corp. was up 1\/8 to 151\/8 .'))

Input: But the computer-guided selling in response to those developments dealt a serious blow to the over-the-counter market , Mr. DaPuzzo said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('DaPuzzo was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the over-the-counter market .','But the computer-guided selling in response to those developments dealt a serious blow .' ), 'This was what DaPuzzo said .'))

Input: Even though the over-the-counter market usually does n't fall by as much as listed stocks during program-selling blitzes , he said , when the market does recover , the damage is done and it leaves Nasdaq down more than the Big Board .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is during program-selling blitzes .','The over-the-counter market usually does n't fall by as much as listed stocks .' ), 'He said .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The market does recover .','The damage is done .' ), 'It leaves Nasdaq down more than the Big Board .')

Input: Mr. DaPuzzo also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('DaPuzzo was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('DaPuzzo also complained .','The sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors .'))

Input: That means that on days when prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That means that on days when prices are tumbling .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sellers abound .', SUB/ELABORATION('They must be willing to buy shares from sellers .','No one else will .')))

Input: But the recent volatility in stock prices caused by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks that are for sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But the recent volatility in stock prices has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks .',', Stock prices were caused by the program trading .' ), 'The stocks are for sale .')

Input: The company said the latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company and LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('The latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company .','The latest quarter included LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth .'))

Input: IBM is reviewing its entire business-partners program , and XL\/Datacomp confirmed earlier this month that it was in talks with the company about possible modifications to its current IBM-remarketer contract .
Prediction: CO/LIST('IBM is reviewing its entire business-partners program .', SUB/ELABORATION('XL\/Datacomp confirmed earlier this month .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to its current IBM-remarketer contract .','It was in talks with the company about possible modifications .')))

Input: Remarketers make modifications to IBM 's computer hardware and resell the products .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to IBM 's computer hardware .','Remarketers make modifications .' ), 'Remarketers resell the products .')

Input: -- Whether the installation is for early warning or space track , it clearly is not deployed , the lawmakers said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The installation is for early warning or space track .','-- , it clearly is not deployed .' ), 'This was what the lawmakers said .')

Input: The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times , aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Rep. Les AuCoin , and Natural Resources Defense Council staff members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward M. Kennedy was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Les AuCoin was Edward M. Kennedy .','Les AuCoin was Rep. .' )CO/LIST('The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times .','The delegation included aides to Les AuCoin .','The delegation included Natural Resources Defense Council staff members .')))

Input: -- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness , by giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','-- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union .','-- The U.S.S.R. was giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow .'))

Input: As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the civilized world .', CO/LIST('It bids for new agreements .','It bids for new loans .','It bids for indeed admission .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Soviet government has recognized .','It has a credibility problem .')))

Input: The U.S. government has never waivered in its assessment of this incident as an accident at a biological weapons facility there , and hence a violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as an accident at a biological weapons facility there .','This was as hence a violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention .' ), 'The U.S. government has never waivered in its assessment of this incident .')

Input: It also was detailed in Congressional testimony this past February : An explosion at the Microbiology and Virology Institute in Sverdlovsk released anthrax germs that caused a significant number of deaths .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It also was detailed in Congressional testimony this past February .', SUB/ELABORATION('An explosion at the Microbiology and Virology Institute in Sverdlovsk released anthrax germs .','Anthrax germs caused a significant number of deaths .'))

Input: And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('And we certainly do not believe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for it .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Gorbachev yet deserve to have the West take their word .','Any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word .'))))

Input: Sverdlovsk is a large gray cloud over glasnost and indeed over the legitimacy of the arms-control process itself .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviets should be willing to set in motion a process that would allow them to acknowledge that Sverdlovsk violated the 1972 agreement or , alternatively , that would give U.S. specialists reasonable confidence that this was a wholly civilian accident .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Soviets should be willing to set in motion a process .', SUB/ELABORATION('A process would allow them to acknowledge that Sverdlovsk violated the 1972 agreement or , alternatively .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is alternatively .','The 1972 agreement or would give U.S. specialists reasonable confidence .' ), 'This was a wholly civilian accident .')))

Input: Manville Corp. said it offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust in a move that would improve the trust 's liquidity and reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manville Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust .','It offered to buy $ 500 million of its convertible preferred stock in a move .' )CO/LIST('A move would improve the trust 's liquidity .','A move would reduce the potential number of Manville shares outstanding .')))

Input: Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said .','The two are discussing the proposal .' ), 'A decision has n't been made .')

Input: Based on Manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.25 a share , Manville 's offer would purchase about 5.4 million of its preferred shares , or about 75 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on Manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.25 a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Manville 's offer would purchase about 5.4 million of its preferred shares .','Manville 's offer would purchase about 75 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding .'))

Input: In addition to the stock and 20 % of Manville 's profits beginning in 1992 , the trust is supposed to receive $ 2.5 billion over its 27-year life .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was beginning in 1992 .','This was in addition to the stock and 20 % of Manville 's profits .' ), 'The trust is supposed to receive $ 2.5 billion over its 27-year life .')

Input: Since most of its assets are tied to Manville , a forest and building products concern , the trust might also want to diversify its holdings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Manville is a forest and building products concern .', SUB/CAUSE('Most of its assets are tied to Manville .','The trust might also want to diversify its holdings .'))

Input: As part of its offer , Manville said it requested changes in some covenants between it and the trust to allow Manville to reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manville said as part of its offer .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in some covenants between it .','This was in some covenants between the trust .' ), 'It requested changes .' ), 'This was to allow Manville to reflect a more typical corporate ownership and financial structure .'))

Input: But he said they are to a large degree , housekeeping , although some may generate some disagreement .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('They are to a large degree .','They is housekeeping .' ), ', Some may generate some disagreement .'))

Input: Manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manville said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold .','As needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares .'))

Input: A hearing is set for Nov. 15 , but participants do n't expect a resolution until July 1990 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A hearing is set for Nov. 15 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is until July 1990 .','Participants do n't expect a resolution .'))

Input: Under the new Northeast Utilities plan , it would pay $ 1.65 billion in cash to creditors and assume $ 100 million in pollution control bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to creditors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the new Northeast Utilities plan .','It would pay $ 1.65 billion in cash .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the new Northeast Utilities plan .','It would assume $ 100 million in pollution control bonds .')))

Input: Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest , while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire filed for Bankruptcy Code protection in January
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest .', SUB/ELABORATION('Unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in January .','New Hampshire was filed for Bankruptcy Code protection .')))

Input: Its previous proposal had conditioned rate limits on Seabrook operations and other contingencies .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was on Seabrook operations .','This was on other contingencies .' ), 'Its previous proposal had conditioned rate limits .')

Input: That plan would leave existing preferred shareholders with at least a 41 % stake and give common shareholders as little as 13 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with at least a 41 % stake .','That plan would leave existing preferred shareholders .' ), 'That plan would give common shareholders as little as 13 % .')

Input: The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was New Haven , Conn. .', CO/LIST('The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion .','The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. with and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases .'))

Input: Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is across the land .','Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns .' ), 'Thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away .')

Input: In coming months , emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a meat-hungry public and a new political calamity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in coming months .', CO/LIST('Emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a meat-hungry public .','Emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a new political calamity .'))

Input: In June , farmers held onto meat , milk and grain , waiting for July 's usual state-directed price rises .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in June .','Farmers held onto meat , milk and grain .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in June .','Farmers were waiting for July 's usual state-directed price rises .'))

Input: On Aug. 1 , the state tore up its controls , and food prices leaped .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Aug. 1 .','The state tore up its controls .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Aug. 1 .','Food prices leaped .'))

Input: In a crush of trucks and horse carts on the trodden field , Andrzej Latowski wrestles a screeching , overweight hog into the trunk of a private butcher 's Polish Fiat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is into the trunk of a private butcher 's Polish Fiat .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the trodden field .','This is in a crush of trucks and horse carts .' ), 'Andrzej Latowski wrestles a screeching , overweight hog .'))

Input: Like the others , it is loaded with rye , wheat and oats in sacks labeled Asbestos . Made in U.S.S.R .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in sacks .',', Sacks were labeled Asbestos . Made in U.S.S.R .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was like the others .','It is loaded with rye , wheat and oats .'))

Input: A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers , and counts him out a pile of zlotys .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is through her fingers .','A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is out a pile of zlotys .','A heavy , kerchiefed woman counts him .'))

Input: Building them now will require undergirding from the West , and removal of political deadwood , a job that Solidarity has barely started .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Political deadwood was a job .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the West , and removal of political deadwood .','Building them now will require undergirding .' ), ', Solidarity has barely started .'))

Input: But Polish agriculture does possess one great asset already : the private farmer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And they did try .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A few miles past Radzymin , a dirt road narrows to a track of sand and leads into Zalubice , a village of tumbledown farms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zalubice is a village of tumbledown farms .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is a few miles past Radzymin .','A dirt road narrows to a track of sand .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is a few miles past Radzymin .','A dirt road leads into Zalubice .')))

Input: He grows rye and potatoes for a few hens , five cows and 25 piglets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for a few hens .','This is for five cows .','This is for 25 piglets .' ), 'He grows rye and potatoes .')

Input: In patched pants and torn shoes , he stands in his barnyard eyeing the ground with a look both helpless and sardonic .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in patched pants .','This is in torn shoes .' ), 'He stands in his barnyard eyeing the ground with a look both helpless and sardonic .')

Input: Mr Pyszkiewicz smiles and his brow furrows .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pyszkiewicz is Mr .','Pyszkiewicz smiles .' ), 'His brow furrows .')

Input: Yet the state alone sells seeds and machines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He is free to invest in chickens , and to fail for lack of chicken wire .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Vegetables are abundant and full of flavor in Poland , the pickles and sauerkraut sublime , the state monopolies long broken .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Vegetables are abundant and full of flavor in Poland .', CO/LIST('The pickles sublime .',', Sauerkraut sublime .' ), 'The state monopolies long broken .')

Input: Grain , milk and meat come next .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money than Poland can spare , although a smokehouse or a local dairy can spring up fast .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money , although a smokehouse can spring up fast .','A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money , although a local dairy can spring up fast .' ), 'Poland can spare .')

Input: I pay a lot to the farmer and five times the state salary to my employees , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to the farmer the state salary to my employees .','This is to five times the state salary to my employees .' ), 'I pay a lot .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: He has bought some trendy Western clothes , and a green Mercedes with an American flag in the window .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the window .', CO/LIST('He has bought some trendy Western clothes .','He has bought a green Mercedes with an American flag .'))

Input: But until then , and probably long afterward , the Communists ' apparat of obstruction -- from the head of the dairy co-op to the village bank manager -- will stay planted in the Polish countryside .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the naczelnik shuts his door .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 321-99 roll call vote reflected broad support for the disaster assistance , but the cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this year and next under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the disaster assistance .','The 321-99 roll call vote reflected broad support .' ), 'The cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this year and next under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law .')

Input: The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', CO/LIST('The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans .','The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1 billion in highway construction funds .','The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .'))

Input: For example , disaster loans , which will go to small businesses and homeowners , offer credit as low as 4 % in some cases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as low as 4 % in some cases .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','Disaster loans offer credit .' ), 'Disaster loans will go to small businesses and homeowners .'))

Input: Administration pressure discourages any effort to add to total funding , and the Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid and lifting the ceiling on total Small Business Administration loans to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the increased activity expected .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Administration pressure discourages any effort to add to total funding .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 1.8 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on total Small Business Administration loans .','The Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid and lifting the ceiling to accommodate the increased activity expected .')))

Input: But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But all funding is cut for the Philippines .', CO/DISJUNCTION('But projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million .','But projects in South Korea are cut to less than a sixth of the administration 's request .'))

Input: Texas and California are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the dominance of Alaska , Pennsylvania and West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Inouye , who chairs the select committee on Indian Affairs , used his power to move $ 400,000 from the Air Force to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to assist in renovating a decommissoned base to accommodate a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Inouye was Mr. .','Inouye used his power to move $ 400,000 from the Air Force to the Bureau of Indian Affairs to assist in renovating a decommissoned base to accommodate a drug and alcohol rehabilitation center .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Inouye is Mr. .','Inouye chairs the select committee on Indian Affairs .'))

Input: Meanwhile , House-Senate negotiators have tentatively agreed on a $ 3.18 billion anti-drug and anti-crime intitiative , cutting other federal spending 0.43 % to pay for it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','House-Senate negotiators have tentatively agreed on a $ 3.18 billion anti-drug and anti-crime intitiative .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','House-Senate negotiators were cutting other federal spending 0.43 % to pay for it .'))

Input: The size of the cuts is n't known , but they 'll be centered in the exploration and production division , which is responsible for locating oil reserves , drilling wells and pumping crude oil and natural gas .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The size of the cuts is n't known .', SUB/ELABORATION('They 'll be centered in the exploration and production division .', CO/LIST('The exploration and production division is responsible for locating oil reserves , drilling wells and pumping crude oil .','The exploration and production division is responsible for locating oil reserves , drilling wells and pumping natural gas .')))

Input: Sources said that meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for Friday at Mobil offices in New Orleans and Denver .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what sources said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Mobil offices .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in New Orleans and Denver .','Meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for Friday .')))

Input: This would be a second round of cuts by Mobil , which along with other oil producers and refiners reduced its work force by 15 % to 20 % during the mid-1980s as part of an industrywide shakeout .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This would be a second round of cuts by Mobil .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 15 % to 20 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the mid-1980s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of an industrywide shakeout .',', Cuts by Mobil along with other oil producers and refiners reduced its work force .'))))

Input: In yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report , the company alluded to a $ 40 million provision for restructuring costs involving U.S. exploration and production operations .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report .','The company alluded to a $ 40 million provision for restructuring costs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report .','The company was involving U.S. exploration and production operations .'))

Input: The report says that the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the report says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is over a two-year period .','The restructuring will take place .' ), 'The report will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations .'))

Input: Most oil companies , including Mobil , have been reporting lower third-quarter earnings , largely as a result of lower earnings from chemicals as well as refining and marketing businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was largely .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of lower earnings from chemicals as well as refining and marketing businesses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Mobil .','Most oil companies have been reporting lower third-quarter earnings .')))

Input: Yesterday , Mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 16 million loss in the third quarter , while comparable foreign operations earned $ 234 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mobil said .', CO/CONTRAST('Domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 16 million loss in the third quarter .',', Comparable foreign operations earned $ 234 million .'))

Input: He said ours is supposed to be a government of laws not of men , and yet RICO defenders tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Ours is supposed to be a government of laws not of men .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This(SUB/PURPOSE('We should rely on prosecutorial discretion .','This()))))

Input: No prosecutorial guidelines , observed or unobserved , limit civil RICO cases by plaintiffs for damages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by plaintiffs for damages .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is observed or unobserved .','No()))

Input: Teddy Z was boosted by favorable reviews and a network-wide promotional tie-in contest with K mart Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with K mart Corp .', CO/LIST('Teddy Z was boosted by favorable reviews .','Teddy Z was boosted by a network-wide promotional tie-in contest .'))

Input: It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 .','It was promoted on cable services .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the week .','It premiered as the No. 22-rated show .'))

Input: But five weeks after the premiere , the series has floundered .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last week , Murphy Brown was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 12.6 % for Teddy Z and rose to 14.2 % for Designing Women .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Last week , Murphy Brown was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Teddy Z .','The number dropped to 12.6 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Designing Women .','The number rose to 14.2 % .')))

Input: Instead , CBS hopes the show will increasingly highlight the talent agency and the business of being an agent .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what CBS hopes .', CO/LIST('The show will increasingly highlight the talent agency .','The show will increasingly highlight the business of being an agent .'))

Input: We 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , said Craig Nelson , the story consultant on Teddy Z .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The stock market 's woes spooked currency traders but prompted a quiet little party among bond investors .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The stock market 's woes spooked currency traders .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among bond investors .','The stock market 's woes prompted a quiet little party .'))

Input: At its strongest , the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than a point , or more than $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at its strongest .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than a point .','The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount .'))

Input: But analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly durable-goods orders and lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in monthly durable-goods orders .','But analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline .' ), 'But lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market .')

Input: Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The auto-sales and durable-goods reports were taken together .', SUB/ELABORATION('The auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions .','The economy is bogging down .'))

Input: Now bond investors are looking toward next week 's report from national purchasing managers and the government 's October employment report as potentially prompting the Fed to lower rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from national purchasing managers .','This is from the government 's October employment report .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to lower rates .','This is as potentially prompting the Fed .' ), 'Now bond investors are looking toward next week 's report .'))

Input: Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens , the dollar ended down only modestly .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .','Investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens .' ), 'The dollar ended down only modestly .')

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly half a point , or about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly half a point .','The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about $ 5 .'))

Input: In late New York trading the currency was quoted at 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen , compared with 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen Monday .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in late New York trading .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 1.8470 marks Monday .','This was compared with 141.90 yen Monday .' )CO/LIST('The currency was quoted at 1.8355 marks .','The currency was quoted at 141.45 yen .')))

Input: Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous may be visiting some new venues in the near future .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bakker was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bakker said .','He was guilty of sin but not fraud .'))

Input: Currently , Boeing has a backlog of about $ 80 billion , but production has been slowed by a strike of 55,000 machinists , which entered its 22nd day today .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is currently .','Boeing has a backlog of about $ 80 billion .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Production has been slowed by a strike of 55,000 machinists .','55,000 machinists entered its 22nd day today .'))

Input: Last week , a mediator failed to rekindle talks between the company and the strikers , who have rejected a pay raise offer of 10 % over three years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Last week , a mediator failed to rekindle talks between the company .','Last week , a mediator failed to rekindle talks between the strikers .' ), 'Talks between the company and the strikers have rejected a pay raise offer of 10 % over three years .')

Input: When the good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova many years ago in Bratislava , she sprinkled her with high E flats , sparkling Ds , clean trills , and coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was many years ago in Bratislava .','The good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with high E flats silvery as magic dust .','This was with sparkling Ds silvery as magic dust .','This was with clean trills silvery as magic dust .','This was with coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust .' ), ', She sprinkled her .'))

Input: Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera and bring along what she forgot , a little charm , a few smidgins of thespian skills and a nice wig .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera .','Maybe she could drop by at a little charm .','Maybe she could drop by at a few smidgins of thespian skills .','Maybe she could drop by at a nice wig .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Maybe she could bring along .', CO/LIST(', She forgot , a little charm .',', She forgot , a few smidgins of thespian skills .',', She forgot , a nice wig .')))

Input: Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's La Traviata , Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gruberova was Ms. .', CO/LIST('Gruberova was cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's La Traviata .', CO/LIST('Gruberova last week did many things nicely .','Gruberova last week others not so well .')))

Input: It is n't every day that we hear a Violetta who can sing the first act 's high-flying music with all the little notes perfectly pitched and neatly stitched together .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is n't every day .', SUB/ELABORATION('We hear a Violetta .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with all the little notes perfectly pitched and neatly stitched together .','A Violetta can sing the first act 's high-flying music .')))

Input: She has TB , after all , and a weak-kneed lover ; and though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is after all .','This is after a weak-kneed lover .' ), ', She has TB .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is though a successful courtesan .',', She is just about overdrawn at the bank .'))

Input: But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is down to 20 louis at the opera 's end .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is unlike Violetta .',', Sybil Harrington has no need to count her pennies .')))

Input: If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his Boheme and Turandot and boom out recordings -LRB- of another era -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('A strike ever hits the Met .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to his Boheme and Turandot .','The company can still sell tickets .' ), 'The company can still boom out recordings -LRB- of another era -RRB- .'))

Input: Or is it that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of Traviata ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once she did so , the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid , flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', She did so .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves offered a limpid , flowing performance .','A limpid , flowing performance in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging .' ), 'The shaky nerves so often cancels .'))

Input: Of heart-pounding moments there were nearly none , and whether this has to do with Mr. Kleiber or the wooden cast is hard to say .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of heart-pounding moments .','There were nearly none .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Kleiber is Mr. .','Whether this has to do with Kleiber or the wooden cast is hard to say .'))

Input: Perhaps Mr. Kleiber could let him substitute one of the songs about dead children and dark nights from Mahler 's Kindertotenlieder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kleiber is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Perhaps Kleiber could let him substitute one of the songs about dead children .','Perhaps Kleiber could let him substitute one of dark nights from Mahler 's Kindertotenlieder .'))

Input: For all that , the piece landed unperformed in a dusty archive after Bologna refused to supply a chorus and orchestra .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for all that .','The piece landed unperformed in a dusty archive .' ), 'Bologna refused to supply a chorus and orchestra .')

Input: Also , Teodulo Mabellini 's Lux aeterna was intriguingly scored and splendidly put across by Mr. Rilling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rilling was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Teodulo Mabellini 's Lux aeterna was intriguingly scored .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Teodulo Mabellini 's Lux aeterna splendidly put across by Rilling .')))

Input: He brought along his Stuttgart-based Gaechinger Kantorei chorus , and even better , the Czech soprano Gabriela Benackova .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gabriela Benackova was the Czech soprano .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gabriela Benackova was even better .', CO/LIST('He brought along his Stuttgart-based Gaechinger Kantorei chorus .','He brought along even better .')))

Input: Maybe she could step across the plaza to the Met -- where she has still to make her debut -- and help out her Czech compatriot by singing the slow parts of Traviata .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Maybe she could step across the plaza to the Met -- where she has still to make her debut -- .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','Maybe she could help out her Czech compatriot .' ), 'Maybe she is singing the slow parts of Traviata .'))

Input: The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and first-time film makers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige .','It made its mark .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to young and first-time film makers .','It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival .'))

Input: Vincent Tolentino , a correspondent for the French magazine Telerama , says of the recently ended Tokyo festival : No one makes deals ... and most of the films have been seen before at other festivals .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Telerama was a correspondent for the French magazine .', SUB/ELABORATION('Vincent Tolentino was Telerama .','Vincent Tolentino says of the recently ended Tokyo festival .' ), 'No one makes deals .','Most of the films have been seen before at other festivals .'))

Input: The law could redound to the advantage of brokers and banks , who incur high administrative costs to deliver securities to investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The law could redound to the advantage of brokers and banks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to investors .','The advantage of brokers and banks incur high administrative costs to deliver securities .'))

Input: Japan is considering giving aid to Hungary and Poland to support their recent political reforms , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Hungary and Poland .','Japan is considering giving aid to support their recent political reforms .' ), 'This was what a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said .')

Input: He said Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu also is studying the possibility of a visit to the two Eastern bloc nations and to Western Europe next January .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Toshiki Kaifu was Prime Minister .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Toshiki Kaifu also is studying the possibility of a visit to the two Eastern bloc nations and to Western Europe next January .'))

Input: Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Francois Mitterrand was days of talks between French President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Felipe Gonzalez was Spanish Prime Minister .', CO/LIST('Drugs were a major issue in two Francois Mitterrand .','Drugs were a major issue in Felipe Gonzalez .')))

Input: The leaders ' talks coincided with a meeting in Madrid of anti-drug experts from the U.S. , France , Italy , Spain , Peru , Bolivia and Colombia .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was from the U.S. , France , Italy , Spain , Peru , Bolivia and Colombia .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Madrid of anti-drug experts .','The leaders ' talks coincided with a meeting .'))

Input: That conference , which began yesterday , was expected to cover such matters as police training and extradition agreements , Spanish officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as police training and extradition agreements .','That conference was expected to cover such matters .' ), 'This was what spanish officials said .' ), 'That conference began yesterday .')

Input: Three Soviet government officials -- the ministers of railroads , of foreign economic relations and of heavy-machine building -- will visit Tehran next month for talks , Iran 's official news agency reported .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of foreign economic relations .','Three Soviet government officials -- the ministers of railroads and of heavy-machine building -- will visit Tehran next month for talks .' ), 'This was what Iran 's official news agency reported .')

Input: Under an agreement signed last June , the Soviets will help Iran in oil exploration and other areas in return for exports of Iranian natural gas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for exports of Iranian natural gas .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under an agreement .','An agreement was signed last June .' )CO/LIST('The Soviets will help Iran in oil exploration .','The Soviets will help other areas in return .')))

Input: And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi , Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a five-day visit to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mahmoud Vaezi was Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs .', SUB/PURPOSE('And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi began a five-day visit .','This was to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime .'))

Input: Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. and Omron Tateisi Electronics are involved with Toto 's new product , which will go on the market in about two years time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. are involved with Toto 's new product .','Omron Tateisi Electronics are involved with Toto 's new product .' ), 'Toto 's new product will go on the market in about two years time .')

Input: Hector Castaneda Jimenez , chief prosecutor at the Attorney General 's Office , said that an estimated $ 82.8 million in government property and unpaid taxes have been recovered in the campaign to root out official corruption .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hector Castaneda Jimenez was chief prosecutor at the Attorney General 's Office .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hector Castaneda Jimenez said .', SUB/PURPOSE('An estimated $ 82.8 million in government property and unpaid taxes have been recovered in the campaign .','This was to root out official corruption .')))

Input: The rest will probably not be recoverable either because the statute of limitations expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail rather than return the money , the prosecutor said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('The rest will probably not be recoverable either because the statute of limitations expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail .','The rest will probably not return the money .' ), 'This was what the prosecutor said .')

Input: Cray said it earned $ 30.6 million , or $ 1.04 a share , up 35 % from $ 22.6 million , or 73 cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cray said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 35 % from $ 22.6 million , or 73 cents a share , a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It earned $ 30.6 million .','It earned $ 1.04 a share .')))

Input: For the nine months , earnings totaled $ 36.6 million , or $ 1.24 a share , down 46 % from $ 68.1 million , or $ 2.19 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 46 % from $ 68.1 million , or $ 2.19 a share , a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Earnings totaled $ 36.6 million .','Earnings totaled $ 1.24 a share .')))

Input: Marcello Gumucio , president , said the company did well in the quarter as far as revenues and earnings are concerned , and not quite as well in terms of signing orders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Marcello Gumucio was president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Marcello Gumucio said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The company did well in the quarter .','Revenues and earnings are concerned .' ), 'The company quite as well in terms of signing orders .')))

Input: He added that the company expects strong operating profit for the year , but at a level significantly lower than last year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('He added .','The company expects strong operating profit for the year .' ), 'He at a level significantly lower than last year .')

Input: Last year , Cray earned $ 156.6 million , or $ 4.99 a share , on revenue of $ 756.3 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 756.3 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Last year , Cray earned $ 156.6 million .','Last year , Cray earned $ 4.99 a share .'))

Input: Johnson & Johnson reported a 10 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 12 % sales increase - results that were driven particularly by new products including pharmaceuticals and the company 's professional operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a 12 % sales increase - results .','Johnson & Johnson reported a 10 % rise in third-quarter net income .' )CO/LIST('Results were driven particularly by new products including pharmaceuticals .','Results were driven particularly by new products including the company 's professional operations .'))

Input: Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 265 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 240 million , or 71 cents a share , in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 240 million .','This was from 71 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 265 million .','Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to 80 cents a share .')))

Input: Mr. Larsen noted substantial sales growth for the recently introduced Acuvue disposable contact lens and Hismanal , a once-a-day antihistamine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Larsen was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hismanal was a once-a-day antihistamine .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for the recently introduced Acuvue disposable contact lens .','This was for Hismanal .' ), 'Larsen noted substantial sales growth .')))

Input: But domestic consumer sales slipped 1.2 % for the quarter , to $ 490 million from $ 496 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 496 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 490 million .','But domestic consumer sales slipped 1.2 % .')))

Input: The company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category , as well as the intense competition in the company 's sanitary protection product line .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Laserscope , initial offering of 1,656,870 common shares , of which 1,455,000 shares are to be sold by the company and 201,870 by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Volpe , Covington & Welty .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Much of the recent slide in Dun & Bradstreet 's stock came late last week , after negative comments by analysts at Merrill Lynch & Co. and Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by analysts at Merrill Lynch & Co. .','This was by analysts at Goldman , Sachs & Co .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was after negative comments .','Much of the recent slide in Dun & Bradstreet 's stock came late last week .'))

Input: A company spokesman declined to comment and said that the officials who sold shares would n't comment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A company spokesman declined to comment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a company spokesman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The officials would n't comment .','The officials sold shares .')))

Input: In June , the company agreed to settle for $ 18 million several lawsuits related to its sales practices , without admitting or denying the charges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in June .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without admitting or denying the charges .','The company agreed to settle for $ 18 million several lawsuits .' ), '$ 18 million several lawsuits were related to its sales practices .'))

Input: John C. Holt , an executive vice president and Dun & Bradstreet director , sold 10,000 shares on Aug. 31 for $ 588,800 , filings show .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John C. Holt is an executive vice president and Dun & Bradstreet director .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Aug. 31 for $ 588,800 .','John C. Holt sold 10,000 shares , filings show .'))

Input: William H.J. Buchanan , the firm 's secretary and associate general counsel , sold 7,000 shares in two separate sales in September for $ 406,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William H.J. Buchanan was the firm 's secretary and associate general counsel .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in two separate sales in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for $ 406,000 .','William H.J. Buchanan sold 7,000 shares .')))

Input: The other insiders , all senior or executive vice presidents , sold between 2,520 and 6,881 shares , representing between 8 % and 70 % of their holdings , according to SEC filings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The other insiders were all senior or executive vice presidents .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to SEC filings .','The other insiders sold between 2,520 and 6,881 shares .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to SEC filings .','The other insiders were representing between 8 % and 70 % of their holdings .')))

Input: He cut his rating to a short-term hold from above-average performer and reduced his 1990 earnings estimate .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a short-term hold .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from above-average performer .','He cut his rating .' ), 'He reduced his 1990 earnings estimate .'))

Input: But previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later , as soon as allowed , said Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 11.38 a share , or $ 56,900 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('5,000 shares were all of his holdings .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was for $ 11.38 a share .','This was for $ 56,900 .' ), 'Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares .'))

Input: It 's a good company , and growing ; there 's nothing that would warrant that it be sold .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's a good company , and growing .', SUB/ELABORATION('There 's nothing .', SUB/ELABORATION('Nothing would warrant .','It be sold .')))

Input: If mutation and natural selection slowly but surely give rise to more and more advanced forms of life , then it was only a matter of eons before splendid beings endowed with reason , self-awareness and taste shimmered onto the scene .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to more and more advanced forms of life .', CO/LIST('Mutation slowly but surely give rise .','Natural selection slowly but surely give rise .' )SUB/TEMPORAL('Then it was only a matter of eons .',', Splendid beings endowed with reason , self-awareness and taste shimmered onto the scene .')))

Input: Star lecturer at Harvard , author of numerous popular books on science , and scourge of the creationist lobby , Mr. Gould is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gould is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gould is the creationist lobby .', CO/LIST(', Star lecturer at Harvard is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist .','Author of numerous popular books on science is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist .',', Scourge of the creationist lobby is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist .')))

Input: For him , natural history is anything but a gradual , predictable march from primordial slime to human consciousness ; it is a careening , chaotic affair in which the emergence of a featherless biped was a one-in-a-million shot .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for him .','Natural history is anything but a gradual , predictable march from primordial slime to human consciousness .' ), 'It is a careening , chaotic affair in which the emergence of a featherless biped was a one-in-a-million shot .')

Input: The received Darwinian wisdom of the day said that animals living so long ago must be simple in design , limited in scope and ancestral to contemporary species .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the received Darwinian wisdom of the day said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is limited in scope .','Animals living so long ago must be simple in design and ancestral to contemporary species .'))

Input: It was not until the early 1970s that Cambridge Prof. Harry Whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Harry Whittington was that Cambridge Prof. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was not until the early 1970s .', CO/LIST('Harry Whittington began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale the early 1970s .','Two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale the early 1970s .')))

Input: By making clever inferences about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures , this trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about how the squashed and distorted fossil remains corresponded to three-dimensional structures .','This trio was making clever inferences .' ), 'This trio was able to piece together a series of wondrous beasties quite unlike anything currently on the planet .')

Input: A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes festooning the text .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to high and pop culture .','This is to the frequent jokes festooning the text .' ), 'A good deal of the book is boring the endless allusions .'))

Input: The vast majority of them , however , were wiped out by a succession of environmental upheavals that were too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection to operate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','The vast majority of them were wiped out by a succession of environmental upheavals .' )SUB/PURPOSE('A succession of environmental upheavals were too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection .','This was to operate .'))

Input: But even if no conscious life had evolved here at all , the universe is a big place , and given the right conditions , sympathetic to creating some form of life .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('No conscious life had evolved here at all .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was sympathetic to creating some form of life .', CO/LIST('But , the universe is a big place .','But , the universe given the right conditions .')))

Input: The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by press reports .','The guidelines were disclosed for the first time this week .'))

Input: But David Runkel , chief Justice Department spokesman , said the guidelines are a codification and a clarification far more than a new direction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Runkel was chief Justice Department spokesman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what David Runkel said .', CO/LIST('The guidelines are a codification far more than a new direction .','The guidelines are a clarification far more than a new direction .')))

Input: But Mr. Runkel said the government is n't backing off on these kinds of matters at all .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Runkel was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Runkel said .','The government is n't backing off on these kinds of matters at all .'))

Input: A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest and easiest to raise funds in a hurry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest .','A sales tax increase appears to be easiest .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a hurry the fastest and easiest .','To raise funds .'))

Input: California 's so-called Gann limit effectively prevents the state from spending new tax money and so drastically limits its options in an emergency .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from .',', California 's so-called Gann limit effectively prevents the state .' ), ', California 's so-called Gann limit effectively is spending new tax money .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an emergency .',', California 's so-called Gann limit so drastically limits its options .'))

Input: Mr. Brown , meanwhile , believes only one tax will be feasible , and it will be a one-penny sales tax increase , said Chuck Dalldorf , an aide .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the fund 's size is disputed by Mr. Brown 's office , which estimates the fund holds from $ 630 million to $ 800 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Brown was Mr. .','But the fund 's size is disputed by Brown 's office .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Brown is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Brown 's office estimates .','The fund holds from $ 630 million to $ 800 million .')))

Input: And then it will be required to lower taxes by a corresponding amount during a three-year period after the temporary tax increase ends , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of the state department of finance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If there 's an emergency and there are n't sufficient funds from elsewhere , I think the attitude will be supportive , said Kirk West , president of the California Chamber of Commerce .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Deukmejian is Gov. .', CO/LIST('But Deukmejian are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis .','But others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis .'))

Input: It 's possible , though not probable , that the state could get by with its existing resources and federal help , said Quentin Kopp , chairman of the state senate 's transportation committee .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The claims , which were filed with the State Board of Control but will probably end up in court , are the first arising out of the collapse of the so-called Cypress structure viaduct .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The claims are the first .','The first is arising out of the collapse of the so-called Cypress structure viaduct .' )CO/CONTRAST('The claims were filed with the State Board of Control .','The claims will probably end up in court .'))

Input: A Board of Control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Board of Control spokesman said .', CO/LIST('The board had not seen the claim .','The board declined to comment .'))

Input: Rated triple-A by both Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The issue was rated triple-A by both Moody 's Investors Service Inc. .','The issue was rated triple-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .' ), 'The issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers Inc .')

Input: Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Morgan Stanley & Co .'))

Input: Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Salomon Brothers .'))

Input: Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. -- $ 100 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due Oct. 15 , 1999 , through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , offered at par to yield 8.40 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The insured bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.20 % in 2009 .','The insured bonds were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 .' ), 'The insured bonds were rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: Broward County School District , Fla. -- $ 185 million of school district general obligation bonds , Series 1989 , due 1991-1999 and 2008 , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.20 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2008 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 .',', Capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.14 % in 2010 .',', Current interest bonds were tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 .'))

Input: Bonds due 2003 , 2004 and 2015 are n't being formally reoffered .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are also $ 40 million of uninsured subordinate lien bonds , due Dec. 1 , 2008 , and Dec. 1 , 2015 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is due Dec. 1 , 2008 .', CO/LIST('There are also $ 40 million of uninsured subordinate lien bonds .','There are also $ 40 million of Dec. 1 , 2015 .'))

Input: West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 1990-2002 and 2019 and capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 7.10 % in 2003 to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 7.10 % in 2003 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 .',', Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity .'))

Input: The bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 6.90 % in 2006 to 2009 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 6.90 % in 2006 to 2009 .','The bonds were priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 .' ), 'The bonds were rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: But a chance to fill out sales-tax records is rarely one of them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ironically , the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active , results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal , state and local regulators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is ironically .','The person is probably the active , results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal , state and local regulators .' ), 'The person wants to run his or her own business .')

Input: Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','They tackle the mounds of paper .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','They fantasize about a dream world .' ), 'Bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished .'))

Input: To find out what red tape riles entrepreneurs most , the Journal asked a completely unscientific , random sample of business owners to fantasize about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to find out what red tape riles entrepreneurs most .', SUB/PURPOSE('The Journal asked a completely unscientific , random sample of business owners .','This was to fantasize about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail .'))

Input: They concede that much of the government meddling that torments them is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they concede .', SUB/ELABORATION('Much of the government meddling is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses .','The government meddling torments them .'))

Input: Rules that set standards for products or govern business behavior , generally the best regarded form of red tape , create a level playing field and keep unscrupulous competitors away , says Sidney West , president of TechDesign International Inc. , a Springfield , Va. , business that designs telecommunication and other products .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There is such a maze of federal , state and local codes that building inspectors are backing away from interpreting them , Mr. Dooling says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dooling is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('There is such a maze of federal , state and local codes .','Building inspectors are backing away from interpreting them .' ), 'This is what Dooling says .'))

Input: Complying with environmental and workplace regulations runs a close second .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Peter Gebhard , the company 's owner , says spending on regulatory paper work and the people to do it -- mostly to comply with federal , state and local environmental laws -- will rise almost 30 % this year to $ 100,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter Gebhard is the company 's owner .', CO/LIST('Peter Gebhard says spending on regulatory paper work .','The people to do it -- mostly to comply with federal , state and local environmental laws -- will rise almost 30 % this year to $ 100,000 .'))

Input: Mr. Gebhard adds that spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 6.5 % and 7.5 % of Impco 's total operating expenses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gebhard is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gebhard adds .',', Spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 6.5 % and 7.5 % of Impco 's total operating expenses .'))

Input: Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Employers must deposit withholding taxes exceeding $ 3,000 within three days after payroll -- or pay stiff penalties -- and that 's a big problem for small businesses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after payroll .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is within three days .','Employers must deposit withholding taxes exceeding $ 3,000 -- or pay stiff penalties -- .' ), 'That 's a big problem for small businesses .'))

Input: Revising employee manuals on pensions , health care and other subjects costs over $ 25,000 a year for Bert Giguiere , president of Professional Agricultural Management Inc. , a Fresno , Calif. , provider of business services to farmers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: PENSION AND PROFIT-SHARING RULES :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alice Fixx , who runs her own public-relations concern in New York , says she has had to overhaul her pension and profit-sharing plans three times in the past three years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Alice Fixx says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was three times in the past three years .',', She has had to overhaul her pension and profit-sharing plans .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in New York .','Alice Fixx runs her own public-relations concern .')))

Input: It does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and time-consuming , Ms. Fixx says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fixx is Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('It does n't increase benefits .','It 's costly and time-consuming .' ), 'This is what Fixx says .'))

Input: Advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales -- but the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records and rigorous reviews .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Advertising agencies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales .','Other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales .' )CO/LIST('The exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records .','The exemption comes at a price of rigorous reviews .'))

Input: To justify their exempt status and avoid penalties , these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to justify their exempt status and avoid penalties .', SUB/ELABORATION('These businesses must show once a year .', CO/LIST('Each was a legitimate business expense .','Every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense .')))

Input: Ms. Bogart , an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein 's South Pacific , is decidedly downtown .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bogart is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bogart is an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages .', CO/LIST('An acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers .','An acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages tear into Hammerstein 's South Pacific .' ), 'Bogart is decidedly downtown .')))

Input: Trinity Rep meanwhile is one of the nation 's oldest and most respected regional theaters , still hosting an annual A Christmas Carol .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For Ms. Bogart , who initially studied and directed in Germany -LRB- and cites such European directors as Peter Stein , Giorgio Strehler and Ariane Mnouchkine as influences -RRB- tends to stage her productions with a Brechtian rigor -- whether the text demands it or not .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('For Ms. Bogart -LRB- and cites such European directors as Peter Stein , Giorgio Strehler and Ariane Mnouchkine as influences -RRB- tends to stage her productions with a Brechtian rigor -- whether the text demands it or not .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bogart was Ms. .','Bogart initially studied and directed in Germany .'))

Input: And Gorky , considered the father of Soviet socialist realism , did not write plays that easily lend themselves to deliberately antirealistic distancing techniques .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('And Gorky did not write plays .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to deliberately antirealistic distancing techniques .','Plays easily lend themselves .' ), 'Gorky was considered the father of Soviet socialist realism .'))

Input: But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama into something akin to , well , farce .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bogart is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Bogart head off in a stylistic direction .','But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , company head off in a stylistic direction .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is into something akin to , well , farce .','A stylistic direction all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama .')))

Input: There are moments in this Summerfolk when the characters populating the vast multilevel country house -LRB- which looks like a parody of Frank Lloyd Wright and is designed by Victoria Petrovich -RRB- spout philosophic bon mots with the self-conscious rat-a-tat-tat pacing of Laugh In .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For Gorky , Mr. Helpern provided an aural collage of Debussy and Rachmaninoff , which is less a score than a separate character with a distinct point of view .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Helpern was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Gorky .','Helpern provided an aural collage of Debussy and Rachmaninoff .' ), 'An aural collage of Debussy and Rachmaninoff is less a score than a separate character with a distinct point of view .'))

Input: Like Brecht , and indeed Ezra Pound , Ms. Bogart has said that her intent in such manipulative staging of the classics is simply an attempt to make it new .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bogart was Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bogart has said like Brecht , and indeed Ezra Pound .','Her intent in such manipulative staging of the classics is simply an attempt to make it new .'))

Input: Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maria Lvovna is humanitarian doctor .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly Maria Lvovna .','Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair .'))

Input: But it is the Trinity Rep newcomer , Jonathan Fried -LRB- Zamislov , the paralegal -RRB- who is the actor to watch , whether he is hamming it up while conducting the chamber musicians or seducing his neighbor 's wife -LRB- Becca Lish -RRB- by licking her bosom .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jonathan Fried is the Trinity Rep newcomer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Zamislov is the paralegal .', SUB/ELABORATION('But it is the Trinity Rep newcomer -LRB- Zamislov -RRB- .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Trinity Rep newcomer -LRB- Zamislov -RRB- is the actor to watch .','He is hamming it up while conducting the chamber musicians or seducing his neighbor 's wife -LRB- Becca Lish -RRB- by licking her bosom .'))))

Input: ESB spurned Inco and within five days ESB had a white knight as United Aircraft -- headed by Harry Gray , a shrewdly friendly acquirer of companies -- offered $ 34 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Harry Gray was a shrewdly friendly acquirer of companies .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('ESB spurned Inco had a white knight .','Within five days ESB had a white knight .' ), 'United Aircraft -- headed by Harry Gray -- offered $ 34 a share .'))

Input: Within a few days in July , Inco raised its bid to $ 36 and United matched it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 36 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was within a few days in July .','Inco raised its bid .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was within a few days in July .','United matched it .')))

Input: On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $ 38 and then to $ 41 , equal to $ 225.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Inco was a single day .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 38 and then to $ 41 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Inco .','Inco was lifted its offer .' ), 'Equal to $ 225.5 million .')))

Input: ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('ESB on July 29 accepted .', CO/LIST('The Inco offer was over .','The brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over .'))

Input: Early this year Morgan and three other investment houses each received $ 25 million in advisory fees from Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts in its $ 25 billion friendly buy-out of RJR Nabisco .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan was this year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in advisory fees .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts in its $ 25 billion friendly buy-out of RJR Nabisco .', CO/LIST('Early Morgan each received $ 25 million .','Three other investment houses each received $ 25 million .'))))

Input: The decline surprised analysts and jolted HomeFed 's stock , which lost 8.6 % of its value , closing at $ 38.50 on the New York Stock Exchange , down $ 3.625 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The decline surprised analysts .','The decline jolted HomeFed 's stock .' )CO/LIST('HomeFed 's stock lost 8.6 % of its value .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down $ 3.625 .','HomeFed 's stock was closing at $ 38.50 on the New York Stock Exchange .')))

Input: However , HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % in the quarter , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 1.4 billion .','HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % .'))))

Input: HomeFed said most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes , shopping malls and other commercial real estate .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what HomeFed said .', CO/LIST('Most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes .','Most of the troubled assets are shopping malls .','Most of the troubled assets are other commercial real estate .'))

Input: It said sales of such properties were slower than anticipated in the third quarter , but it expects sales to pick up in the rest of the year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .',', Sales of such properties were slower than anticipated in the third quarter .' ), 'It expects sales to pick up in the rest of the year .')

Input: And analysts said they see no signs of an imminent swoon in California real estate , even with last week 's earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is even .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with last week 's earthquake .','This is in California real estate .' ), 'They see no signs of an imminent swoon .')))

Input: For the nine months , HomeFed earned $ 82.5 million , or $ 3.52 a fully diluted share , a 4.3 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 79.1 million , or $ 3.43 a fully diluted share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('HomeFed earned $ 82.5 million .','HomeFed earned $ 3.52 a fully diluted share , a 4.3 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 79.1 million , or $ 3.43 a fully diluted share .'))

Input: The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Banxquote Money Markets were an information service .','An information service was based here .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.00 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Banxquote Money Markets .','The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % .')))

Input: On one-year CDs of $ 50,000 and less , the average slid to 8.02 % from 8.06 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.06 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on one-year CDs of $ 50,000 and less .','The average slid to 8.02 % .'))

Input: It 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The average yield on six-month broker-sold CDs rose to 8.29 % from 8.05 % and on one-year CDs the average yield rose to 8.30 % from 8.09 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.05 % .','The average yield on six-month broker-sold CDs rose to 8.29 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.09 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on one-year CDs .','The average yield rose to 8.30 % .')))

Input: T-bills sold at Monday 's auction yielded 7.90 % for six months and 7.77 % for three months , up from 7.82 % and 7.61 % , respectively , the week before .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for six months .','This was for 7.77 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 7.82 % and 7.61 % , respectively , the week before .','This was for three months .' ), 'T-bills sold at Monday 's auction yielded 7.90 % .'))

Input: So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in general more than those .','Those was aimed at small investors .' ), ', So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends .')

Input: Some jumbos posted fractional changes in average yields this week , both up and down .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in average yields .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was both up and down .',', Some jumbos posted fractional changes this week .'))

Input: In California , Bank of America dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year savings CDs to 8.33 % from 8.61 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on both six-month and one-year savings CDs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 8.33 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.61 % .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in California .','Bank of America dropped the yield .'))))

Input: Yields on money-market deposits were unchanged at an average 6.96 % for $ 50,000 and less and down just a hundredth of a percentage point to 7.41 % for jumbo deposits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia , a unit of PepsiCo Inc. of the U.S. , did n't say why Cadbury Schweppes will no longer hold the franchise .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia were a unit of PepsiCo Inc. of the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia did n't say .',', Cadbury Schweppes will no longer hold the franchise .'))

Input: Wang Laboratories Inc. has sold $ 25 million of assets and reached agreements in principle to sell an additional $ 187 million shortly , Richard Miller , president , said at the annual meeting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Miller was president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Wang Laboratories Inc. has sold $ 25 million of assets .', SUB/PURPOSE('Wang Laboratories Inc. has reached agreements in principle .','This was to sell an additional $ 187 million shortly .' ), 'This was what Richard Miller said at the annual meeting .')))

Input: He said Wang had reached an agreement with a major financial firm to sell for $ 150 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its Wang Credit Corp. subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a major financial firm .','Wang had reached an agreement .' ), 'This was to sell for $ 150 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its Wang Credit Corp. subsidiary .'))

Input: Safeway Stores Inc. reported a 69 % decline in profit for the fiscal third quarter , but said operating improvements were masked by unusual gains in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the fiscal third quarter .',', Safeway Stores Inc. reported a 69 % decline in profit .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Safeway Stores Inc. said .','Operating improvements were masked by unusual gains in the year-earlier period .'))

Input: But it said the year-earlier results included gains of $ 23.5 million from divestitures .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from divestitures .','The year-earlier results included gains of $ 23.5 million .'))

Input: Benjamin Jacobson & Sons has been the New York Stock Exchange specialist firm in charge of trading stock in UAL Corp. and its predecessors since the early 1930s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was since the early 1930s .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in UAL Corp. .','This was in its predecessors .' ), 'Benjamin Jacobson & Sons has been the New York Stock Exchange specialist firm in charge of trading stock .'))

Input: But the firm has never had a day like yesterday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It sank further to as low as $ 145 , but a big rally developed in the last half hour , pushing the stock back up to close at $ 170 , down just $ 8.375 from Monday .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It sank further to as low as $ 145 .', CO/LIST('A big rally developed in the last half hour .', SUB/PURPOSE('A big rally was pushing the stock back up .','This was to close at $ 170 , down just $ 8.375 from Monday .')))

Input: Munching pizza when they could and yelling until their voices gave out , the two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post were munching pizza .','They could .' )SUB/CONDITION('The two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post were yelling .','Their voices gave out .' ), 'The two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all .'))

Input: Messrs. Jacobson and Bates walked on the Big Board floor at about 8:45 a.m. yesterday and immediately spotted trouble .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jacobson was Messrs. .', CO/LIST('Jacobson and Bates walked on the Big Board floor at about 8:45 a.m. yesterday .','Jacobson and Bates immediately spotted trouble .'))

Input: Already entered in the Big Board 's computers and transmitted to their post were sell orders for 65,000 UAL shares .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jacobson was Messrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Four other Jacobson partners were all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market .','But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners .'))

Input: In Chicago , a UAL spokesman , by way of policy , declined to comment on the company 's stock or the specialists ' performance .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Chicago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by way of policy .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A UAL spokesman declined to comment on the company 's stock .','A UAL spokesman declined to comment on the specialists ' performance .')))

Input: Britain 's current account deficit dropped to # 1.6 billion -LRB- $ 2.56 billion -RRB- in September from an adjusted # 2 billion -LRB- $ 3.21 billion -RRB- the previous month , but the improvement comes amid increasing concern that a recession could strike the U.K. economy next year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from an adjusted # 2 billion -LRB- $ 3.21 billion -RRB- the previous month .','Britain 's current account deficit dropped to # 1.6 billion -LRB- $ 2.56 billion -RRB- .' ), 'The improvement comes amid increasing concern that a recession could strike the U.K. economy next year .'))

Input: The outlook has deteriorated since the summer , with orders and employment falling and output at a standstill , said David Wigglesworth , chairman of the industry group 's economic committee .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Of 1,224 companies surveyed , 31 % expect to cut spending on plant equipment and machinery , while only 28 % plan to spend more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on plant equipment and machinery .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what 31 % expect to cut spending of 1,224 companies surveyed .','While only 28 % plan to spend more .'))

Input: Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the September trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','Unemployment has continued to decline .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in both imports and exports .','The September trade figures showed increases .'))

Input: Officials fear that any loosening this year could rekindle inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Officials fear .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Any loosening this year could rekindle inflation .','Any loosening this year could further weaken the pound against other major currencies .'))

Input: Compared with the major economies on the Continent , the U.K. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is compared with the major economies on the Continent .', CO/LIST('The U.K. faces both higher inflation .','The U.K. faces lower growth in the next several months .'))

Input: The resulting # 1.9 billion merchandise trade deficit was partly offset by an assumed surplus of # 300 million in so-called invisible items , which include income from investments , services and official transfers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The resulting # 1.9 billion merchandise trade deficit was partly offset by an assumed surplus of # 300 million in so-called invisible items .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from investments , services and official transfers .',', So-called invisible items include income .'))

Input: Vickers PLC , a British aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate , said it reached an agreed cash bid of # 108.2 million -LRB- $ 173.3 million -RRB- for Ross Catherall Group PLC , a maker of specialty alloy and ceramics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vickers PLC was a British aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ross Catherall Group PLC was a maker of specialty alloy and ceramics .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Vickers PLC said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Ross Catherall Group PLC .','It reached an agreed cash bid of # 108.2 million -LRB- $ 173.3 million -RRB- .'))))

Input: The company said it expects to receive acceptances for its offer of 253 pence -LRB- $ 4.05 -RRB- per share representing at least 67 % of Ross Catherall 's issued share capital , or 12.7 million ordinary shares .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for its offer of 253 pence -LRB- $ 4.05 -RRB- per share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This is representing at least 67 % of Ross Catherall 's issued share capital .','This is representing 12.7 million ordinary shares .' ), 'It expects to receive acceptances .')))

Input: The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched seminars for potential investors at race tracks around the country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association were a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at race tracks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was around the country .','The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association has launched seminars for potential investors .')))

Input: The group , which has held half a dozen seminars so far , also is considering promotional videos and perhaps a pitch to Wall Street investment bankers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The group also is considering promotional videos .','The group also is considering perhaps a pitch to Wall Street investment bankers .' ), 'The group has held half a dozen seminars so far .')

Input: It 's a big-risk business , warns Charles C. Mihalek , a Lexington attorney and former Kentucky state securities commissioner .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consider Spendthrift Farm , a prominent Lexington horse farm that went public in 1983 but hit hard times and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Spendthrift Farm was a prominent Lexington horse farm .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1983 .','A prominent Lexington horse farm went public .' ), 'A prominent Lexington horse farm hit hard times .' ), ', Consider Spendthrift Farm and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year .'))

Input: Other investors have lost millions in partnerships that bought thoroughbred racehorses or stallion breeding rights .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Other investors have lost millions in partnerships .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Partnerships bought thoroughbred racehorses .','Partnerships bought stallion breeding rights .'))

Input: But that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with most .','But that 's for the best horses .' ), 'Most is selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds .')

Input: Glossy brochures circulated at racetracks gush about the limelight of the winner 's circle and high-society schmoozing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's just a matter of marketing and promoting ourselves , says Headley Bell , a fifth-generation horse breeder from Lexington .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You can see the highs and lows of the business all under one roof , she tells the group .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is all under one roof .','You can see the highs and lows of the business .' ), 'This is what she tells the group .')

Input: So owners have developed a code of ethics , outlining rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', So owners have developed a code of ethics .', CO/LIST(', So owners were outlining rules for consultants and agents .',', So owners were outlining disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest .'))

Input: But some are skeptical of the code 's effectiveness .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the low end , investors can spend $ 15,000 or more to own a racehorse in partnership with others .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the low end .','Investors can spend $ 15,000 or more .' ), 'This is to own a racehorse in partnership with others .')

Input: At a yearling sale , a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a yearling sale .','A buyer can go solo .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a yearling sale .','A buyer can get a horse for a few thousand dollars .'))

Input: But that means paying the horse 's maintenance ; on average , it costs $ 25,000 a year to raise a horse .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Buell recently said it would incur an aftertax charge of about $ 3.6 million in its fourth quarter ending Tuesday , in connection with the sale and discontinuance of several lines at a plant .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Buell said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in its fourth quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in connection with the sale and discontinuance of several lines at a plant .','Its fourth quarter is ending Tuesday .' ), 'It would incur an aftertax charge of about $ 3.6 million .')))

Input: Dunkin Donuts , based in Randolph , Mass. , previously said it would explore alternatives , including a leveraged buy-out of the company , but had n't set a date for submission of proposals .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dunkin Donuts , based in Randolph , Mass. , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including a leveraged buy-out of the company .','It would explore alternatives .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Dunkin Donuts previously had n't set a date for submission of proposals .','Dunkin Donuts was based in Randolph , Mass. .')))

Input: DD Acquisition , jointly owned by Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group unit and Cara Operations Ltd. , has made a $ 45-a-share tender offer valued at $ 268 million for Dunkin Donuts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('DD Acquisition has made a $ 45-a-share tender offer valued at $ 268 million for Dunkin Donuts .', CO/LIST('DD Acquisition was jointly owned by Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group unit .','DD Acquisition was jointly owned by Cara Operations Ltd. .'))

Input: Strong profit in the process industries , including chemical and pulp and paper , were offset by higher interest expense and by lower earnings as the company closed out certain long-term contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including chemical .','This was including pulp and paper .' ), ', Strong profit in the process industries were offset by higher interest expense and by lower earnings .' ), 'The company closed out certain long-term contracts .')

Input: Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its public sector and environmental segment .','It narrowed its losses .'))

Input: Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on disposition of assets .','This was on disposition of a $ 165 million pretax provision .' ), 'Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million .'))

Input: Claude Bebear , chairman and chief executive officer , of Axa-Midi Assurances , pledged to retain employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. , including Leo E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if Axa succeeds in acquiring Farmers .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of Axa-Midi Assurances .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Leo E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer .',', Claude Bebear , chairman and chief executive officer pledged to retain employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. .' ), 'Axa succeeds in acquiring Farmers .'))

Input: Mr. Bebear added that the French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles and will not send French people to run the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bebear was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bebear added .','The French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Bebear will not send French people .','This is to run the company .')))

Input: The bid is part of Sir James Goldsmith 's unfriendly takeover attempt for B.A.T Industries PLC , the British tobacco , retailing , paper and financial-services giant that acquired Farmers last year for $ 5.2 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Goldsmith was part of Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('B.A.T Industries PLC were the British tobacco , retailing , paper and financial-services giant .', SUB/ELABORATION('The British tobacco was retailing , paper and financial-services giant .','The British tobacco acquired Farmers last year for $ 5.2 billion .' ), 'The bid is James Goldsmith 's unfriendly takeover attempt for B.A.T Industries PLC .')))

Input: Hearings have n't yet been set in Texas , Ohio and Kansas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies , and would help define policies and strategies of the group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Denlea was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies .' ), 'He would help define policies and strategies of the group .'))

Input: The distribution represents available cash flow from the partnership between Aug. 1 and Oct. 31 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from the partnership between Aug. 1 .','This is from the partnership between Oct. 31 .' ), 'The distribution represents available cash flow .')

Input: The money manager is controlled 67.7 % by its top officers and top officers of Oppenheimer & Co. , a securities firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oppenheimer & Co. was a securities firm .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by its top officers and top officers of Oppenheimer & Co. .','The money manager is controlled 67.7 % .'))

Input: The latest results include a gain of $ 4.2 million , or eight cents a share , on the sale of television stations in Oklahoma City and Flint , Mich .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is on the sale of television stations in Oklahoma City .','This is on the sale of television stations in Flint , Mich .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The latest results include a gain of $ 4.2 million .','The latest results include a gain of eight cents a share .'))

Input: The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Canada Ltd. is lead underwriter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the offering .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. .','The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million .')))

Input: General Electric Co. executives and lawyers provided misleading and false information to the Pentagon in 1985 in an effort to cover up longstanding fraudulent billing practices , federal prosecutors alleged in legal briefs .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Pentagon .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1985 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an effort to cover up longstanding fraudulent billing practices .','General Electric Co. executives and lawyers provided misleading and false information .' ), 'This was what Federal prosecutors alleged in legal briefs .')))

Input: The government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against GE in Philadelphia federal district court , challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third-largest defense contractor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The government 's startling allegations challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third-largest defense contractor .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against GE in Philadelphia federal district court .','The government 's startling allegations are filed only days .'))

Input: In a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday , GE asserted that prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what GE asserted in a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday .', CO/LIST('Prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses .','Prosecutors have distorted documents .','Prosecutors have ignored important facts .'))

Input: The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in .','The company has been considered an industry leader .' ), 'The company was advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices .')

Input: But the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of widespread fraudulent billing practices .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the government claims .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over five years .','A group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy .' ), 'This was to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of widespread fraudulent billing practices .'))

Input: The dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('The dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the pending court case .','This was to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents .' ), 'Prosecutors have been demanding access .'))

Input: Last November , a federal grand jury indicted GE on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the Army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on charges of fraud .','This was on false claims in connection .' ), 'Last November , a federal grand jury indicted GE with an alleged scheme to defraud the Army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract .')

Input: The government 's 136-page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in March 1985 , when GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('The government 's 136-page filing covers events .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in March 1985 .', CO/LIST('Events are leading up to the current case .','Events are leading up to an earlier indictment .' ), 'GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts .')))

Input: GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Orr was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what GE countered .','That senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Orr at his first meeting with company representatives .' ), 'GE was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents .'))

Input: Subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to GE .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Orr was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to GE .',', Subsequent meetings were held to familiarize Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information .' )CO/LIST(', Subsequent meetings were initiated after the company .','Two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts .')))

Input: On the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the contrary .','It shows a corporation .' ), 'A corporation is reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters .')

Input: Applied Solar Energy Corp. of City of Industry , Calif. , said it and its majority shareholder , American Cyanamid Co. , signed a non-binding letter of intent for the acquisition of Applied Solar by McDonnell Douglas Corp. for about $ 38 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Applied Solar Energy Corp. of City of Industry , Calif. , said it .', SUB/ELABORATION('American Cyanamid Co. was its majority shareholder .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the acquisition of Applied Solar .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by McDonnell Douglas Corp. for about $ 38 million .','Its majority shareholder signed a non-binding letter of intent .'))))

Input: The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was at closing .','This was at a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow .' ), 'The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share .')

Input: American Cyanamid is a Wayne , N.J. , chemicals , drugs and fertilizer concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokeswoman for the St. Louis aerospace and defense concern said it wanted the acquistion because Applied Solar is involved in solar cells and solid-state laser components , and this fits with McDonnell 's business of laser applications for military space .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokeswoman for the St. Louis aerospace and defense concern said .', SUB/CAUSE('It wanted the acquistion .', CO/LIST('Applied Solar is involved in solar cells .','Applied Solar is involved in solid-state laser components .' ), 'This fits with McDonnell 's business of laser applications for military space .')))

Input: Brian Hemming , a spokesman for the company 's committee of independent directors , established in May to solicit and evaluate offers for the company , said it was expected to make an announcement early this morning .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Brian Hemming was a spokesman for the company 's committee of independent directors .', SUB/PURPOSE('The company 's committee of independent directors was established in May .','This was to solicit and evaluate offers for the company .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Brian Hemming said .','It was expected to make an announcement early this morning .')))

Input: But Mr. Hemming said he was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members and their advisers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hemming was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hemming said .', CO/LIST('He was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members .','He was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between their advisers .')))

Input: Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garth Drabinsky was the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts have speculated in recent days .', SUB/ELABORATION('The value of offers fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer is the only bidder for the company as a whole .','Offers were received by the committee .')))

Input: The current effort to auction off the company was triggered by a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and the Toronto-based movie chain 's major shareholder , MCA Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Drabinsky was a dispute between Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('MCA Inc was the Toronto-based movie chain 's major shareholder .', CO/LIST('The current effort to auction off the company was triggered by Drabinsky .','The current effort to auction off the company was triggered by the Toronto-based movie chain 's major shareholder .')))

Input: They added that market-makers were knocking share prices down in midafternoon in a bid to attract some interest , but the action largely helped open the way for London 's late declines .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('They added .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a bid .','Market-makers were knocking share prices down in midafternoon .' ), 'This was to attract some interest .' ), 'The action largely helped open the way for London 's late declines .'))

Input: Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons and talk of continental European interest in British life and composite insurers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons .','This was to the market , partly on talk of continental European interest .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in British life .','This was in composite insurers .' ), 'Insurance stocks provided some early support .'))

Input: On the life insurance side , Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 , and Sun Life dropped 15 to # 11.53 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the life insurance side .','Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 11.53 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the life insurance side .',', Sun Life dropped 15 .')))

Input: Dealers said the market did n't react substantially to Ford Motor Co. 's disclosure to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it will seek 100 % of Jaguar 's shares outstanding when U.K. government share regulations are lifted at the end of next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .','The market did n't react substantially to Ford Motor Co. 's disclosure .' ), 'It will seek 100 % of Jaguar 's shares outstanding when U.K. government share regulations are lifted at the end of next year .'))

Input: The market , however , is expected to remain stable and expectations for future gains are high , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','The market is expected to remain stable .' ), 'Expectations for future gains are high .' ), 'This was what traders said .')

Input: On the other hand , high-priced shares such as Pioneer Electronic and Sony failed to spark investor interest because these issues are unlikely to be bought by investment trust funds , observers said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the other hand .','High-priced shares such as Pioneer Electronic and Sony failed to spark investor interest because these issues are unlikely to be bought by investment trust funds .' ), 'This was what observers said .')

Input: TDK fell 120 to 5,960 , Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830 , and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 5,960 .','TDK fell 120 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7,440 .','Fanuc dropped 160 .'))

Input: Market participants say investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what market participants say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is following the turbulence last week .','Investors are not only licking their wounds .' ), 'They have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany .'))

Input: And statements by the chairman of the IG Metall labor union , Franz Steinkuehler , also cast a cloud over trading , dealers said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The IG Metall labor union was Franz Steinkuehler .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over trading .','And statements by the chairman of the IG Metall labor union also cast a cloud .' ), 'This was what dealers said .'))

Input: The decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues , as Siemens tumbled 7.5 to 544 , Deutsche Bank plunged 7 to 657 , and the auto makers fell sharply as well .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 544 .',', Siemens tumbled 7.5 .' ), 'The auto makers fell sharply as well .'))

Input: Daimler-Benz dropped 12.5 to 710.5 , Bayerische Motoren Werke dropped 10.5 to 543.5 , and Volkswagen lost 7.1 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 710.5 .','Daimler-Benz dropped 12.5 .' ), 'Volkswagen lost 7.1 .')

Input: Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington .','Prices were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul .')

Input: Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank were two of Norway 's leading banks .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank announced .','They had agreed to the formal merger of the banks .'))

Input: Savings and loans reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites , the Office of Thrift Supervision said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for mortgage loans .',', Savings and loans reject blacks twice as often as they reject whites .' ), 'This was what the Office of Thrift Supervision said .')

Input: But that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are discriminating against blacks , the agency said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('That does n't necessarily mean .','Thrifts are discriminating against blacks .' ), 'This was what the agency said .')

Input: The office , an arm of the Treasury , said it does n't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus ca n't determine why blacks are rejected more often .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('An arm of the Treasury was the office .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the office said .', CO/LIST('It does n't have data on the financial position of applicants .', SUB/ELABORATION('It thus ca n't determine .','Blacks are rejected more often .'))))

Input: Sen. Alan Dixon -LRB- D , Ill. -RRB- , chairman of the subcommittee on consumer and regulatory affairs , said , I 'm not a statistician .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Dixon is Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D is Ill. .','Alan Dixon -LRB- D -RRB- , chairman of the subcommittee on consumer and regulatory affairs , said , I 'm not a statistician .'))

Input: But when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude that discrimination is part of the problem .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites .', SUB/ELABORATION('But -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude .','Discrimination is part of the problem .'))

Input: James Grohl , a spokesman for the U.S. League of Savings Institutions , said , The data is a red flag , but lacking the financial data you ca n't make a case that discrimination is widespread .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('James Grohl was a spokesman for the U.S. League of Savings Institutions .','James Grohl said .' )CO/LIST('You is lacking the financial data .', SUB/ELABORATION('You ca n't make a case .','Discrimination is widespread .')))

Input: But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John LaWare was a Fed governor .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what John LaWare told the subcommittee .','The evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating .'))

Input: Several lawmakers were angered that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Several lawmakers were angered .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the bank and thrift regulators said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past few years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into investigating possible discrimination .','They have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures to put much energy .'))))

Input: Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for violations of anti-discrimination laws .','They have punished only a few banks .'))

Input: Using testers could be controversial with financial institutions , but Mr. Grohl said the U.S. League of Savings Institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Using testers could be controversial with financial institutions .', SUB/ELABORATION('Grohl was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Grohl said .','The U.S. League of Savings Institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter .')))

Input: Executives involved in plotting Time 's defense say it is now preparing a countersuit naming both Viacom and Tele-Communications as defendants .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what executives involved in plotting Time 's defense say .', CO/LIST('It is now preparing a countersuit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as defendants .','It is naming both Viacom and Tele-Communications .')))

Input: In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in its suit against Time .','Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in its suit against Time .',', Cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power .'))

Input: Meanwhile , some legal observers say the Tele-Communications investment and other developments are weakening Viacom 's antitrust suit against Time .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some legal observers say .', CO/LIST('The Tele-Communications investment are weakening Viacom 's antitrust suit against Time .','Other developments are weakening Viacom 's antitrust suit against Time .'))

Input: Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime or a sister service , The Movie Channel , on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system , one of the nation 's largest urban systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A sister service is the Movie Channel .', SUB/ELABORATION('Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system is one of the nation 's largest urban systems .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system .','Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry a sister service on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system .')))

Input: But yesterday , Manhattan Cable announced it will launch Showtime on Nov. 1 to over 230,000 subscribers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manhattan Cable announced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to over 230,000 subscribers .','It will launch Showtime on Nov. 1 .'))

Input: The FTC said it would seek to enjoin the proposed acquisition in a federal trial court , but declined to specify which one .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the FTC said .','It would seek to enjoin the proposed acquisition in a federal trial court .' ), 'The FTC declined to specify which one .')

Input: Officials at the United Scientific unit , Optic-Electronic Corp. of Garland , Texas , and at Imo Industries of Lawrenceville , N.J. , could n't be reached for comment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Citing rising fuel costs , promotional fare cuts and a general slowdown in travel , several major carriers have posted or are expected to post relatively poor third-quarter results .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in travel .', CO/LIST(', Several major carriers were citing rising fuel costs .',', Several major carriers were citing rising promotional fare cuts .',', Several major carriers were citing rising a general slowdown .' )CO/DISJUNCTION(', Several major carriers have posted .',', Several major carriers are expected to post relatively poor third-quarter results .')))

Input: This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on an industry .','This turn of events has put a big damper .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('An industry seemed almost invincible last spring .','Fares were rising at double-digit rates .' ), 'Many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets .'))

Input: The industry 's slowdown became apparent this month when AMR Corp. , parent of American Airlines , reported an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said its fourth quarter would be disappointing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('AMR Corp. was parent of American Airlines .', SUB/ELABORATION('The industry 's slowdown became apparent this month .', CO/LIST('AMR Corp. reported an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what AMR Corp. said .','Its fourth quarter would be disappointing .'))))

Input: Its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 68.5 million , or $ 1.58 a share , in the 1988 third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 68.5 million .','Its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 1.58 a share .'))

Input: The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The results surprised many analysts .', CO/LIST('USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','USAir has expanded operations .' ), 'USAir was completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines .')))

Input: Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week .', SUB/ELABORATION('It still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines .','The airlines were expected .'))

Input: And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : USAir , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on merger expenses and on disruptions last month .','Disruptions were caused by Hurricane Hugo .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','USAir blamed some of its loss .')))

Input: We can not quantify the total adverse effects of Hugo , said Edwin Colodny , chairman and president of USAir Group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As for 1990 , the firm predicts that profit will slip to between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as for 1990 .','The firm predicts .' ), 'Profit will slip to between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion .')

Input: Ralston Purina will promote its Chex Party Mix 's three new flavor packets named for Charlie Brown , Lucy and Linus .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Beyond the advertisements , the syndicator is planning a traveling arena show , new TV specials for CBS and even an exhibit at the Smithsonian Institute .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is beyond the advertisements .', CO/LIST('The syndicator is planning a traveling arena show .','The syndicator is planning new TV specials for CBS .','The syndicator is planning even an exhibit at the Smithsonian Institute .'))

Input: The yearlong schedule of festivities will be kicked off officially with a combination live and animation half-time special at the Super Bowl in January .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was at the Super Bowl .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in January .','The yearlong schedule of festivities will be kicked off officially with a combination live and animation half-time special .'))

Input: But United Media says it 's very scrupulous with the contracts it hands out .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what United Media says .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's very scrupulous with the contracts .','It hands out .'))

Input: But Mr. Shore says that company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shore is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Shore says .',', Company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category .'))

Input: Mr. Berry , 58 , had resigned after being asked by Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , Kenneth Roman , to give up his title as creative head of the New York office and to take a fuzzier international role .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Berry was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Berry was 58 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer were Kenneth Roman .','Berry had resigned after being asked by Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer to give up his title as creative head of the New York office and to take a fuzzier international role .')))

Input: Mr. Berry said the timing was a coincidence and that his decision was unrelated to Mr. Roman 's departure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Berry was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Berry said .','The timing was a coincidence and that his decision was unrelated to Roman 's departure .'))

Input: New York-based RJR Nabisco would n't say what it spends annually , but industry executives say it will spend more than $ 140 million this year , down from about $ 200 million last year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('New York-based RJR Nabisco would n't say .','It spends annually .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what industry executives say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is down from about $ 200 million last year .','It will spend more than $ 140 million this year .')))

Input: IBM can raise its stake in Paxus to 20 % over three years , but agreed to not go beyond 20 % in that time .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Paxus .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 20 % over three years .','IBM can raise its stake .' ), 'IBM agreed to not go beyond 20 % in that time .'))

Input: Paxus said in a statement it has several well developed product and services relationships with the U.S. computer company , and plans to expand these links .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Paxus said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is with the U.S. computer company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a statement .','It has several well developed product and services relationships .' ), 'Paxus plans to expand these links .')))

Input: The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion over the past year from asset sales , Mr. Bond said at a business gathering .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bond was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from asset sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past year .','The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion .' ), 'This was what Bond said at a business gathering .')))

Input: He predicted the debt will be reduced by another A$ 3.8 billion this fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , but did n't explain how this will be achieved .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('He predicted .', CO/LIST('The debt will be reduced by another A$ 3.8 billion this fiscal year .','The debt was ending June 30 , 1990 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He did n't explain .','This will be achieved .')))

Input: In order to restore confidence and ensure the support of our principal lenders , Mr. Bond said , we embarked on fundamantal changes in the structure and direction of the group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bond was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the structure and direction of the group .','In order to restore confidence and ensure the support of our principal lenders , Bond said , we embarked on fundamantal changes .'))

Input: Among these are the company 's Australian brewing assets , in the books at A$ 950 million but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was among these .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the books at A$ 950 million .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Are the company 's Australian brewing assets but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion .','This was what he said .')))

Input: An investment in Chile 's telephone company is carried at US$ 300 million but really worth US$ 500 million , and the company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least A$ 250 million , Mr. Bond said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bond was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('An investment in Chile 's telephone company is carried at US$ 300 million but really worth US$ 500 million .','The company 's property portfolio is undervalued by at least A$ 250 million .' ), 'This was what Bond said .'))

Input: Mr. Bond forecast that by next June , what will emerge will be a company with a honed sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet , with good-quality assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bond was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bond forecast .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with good-quality assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property .','That by next June will be a company with a honed sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet .' ), 'Next June will emerge .')))

Input: He did n't name energy resources in that list , signaling that all the company 's coal and oil interests might be for sale in total or in part .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in that list .','He did n't name energy resources .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He was signaling .','All the company 's coal and oil interests might be for sale in total or in part .'))

Input: The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .','13-week and 26-week bills were maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 .'))

Input: A year ago , the Minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned $ 4 million , or 30 cents a share , on revenue of $ 114 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 114 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned $ 4 million .','The Minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned 30 cents a share .')))

Input: Apogee said a subcontractor had severe cost overruns and was unable to fulfill the contract terms on its own , making it necessary for Apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Apogee said .', CO/LIST('A subcontractor had severe cost overruns .','A subcontractor was unable to fulfill the contract terms on its own , making it necessary for Apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project .'))

Input: The company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','Its core businesses have performed well .' ), 'It expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year .')

Input: Japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in September fell 4.1 % from a year ago to 1,120,317 units because of a slip in exports , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers ' Association said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1,120,317 units because of a slip .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in exports .','Japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in September fell 4.1 % .' ), 'This was what the Japan Automobile Manufacturers ' Association said .')))

Input: Domestic demand continues to grow , but its contribution to higher production was sapped in September by the estimated 2 % fall in imports , accompanied by a growing tendency for Japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas , according to the association .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Domestic demand continues to grow .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the estimated 2 % fall in imports .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the association .','Its contribution to higher production was sapped in September .' ), 'Imports were accompanied by a growing tendency for Japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas .')))

Input: Midsized cars accounted for the greatest growth in units , rising 62,872 units to 134,550 units , or 88 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in units .','Midsized cars accounted for the greatest growth .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to 134,550 units .','This was to 88 % .' ), 'Midsized cars were rising 62,872 units .'))

Input: The association spokesman said bus production has declined since January , but could n't offer an explanation for the fall .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the association spokesman said .', CO/CONTRAST('Bus production has declined since January .','Bus production could n't offer an explanation for the fall .'))

Input: Stock of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. gyrated wildly yesterday amid speculation that one or more investors may challenge the UAL board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out or other transaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('UAL Corp. was United Airlines parent .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Stock of UAL Corp. gyrated wildly yesterday amid speculation .', CO/DISJUNCTION('One or more investors may challenge the UAL board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out .','One or more investors may challenge the UAL board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing other transaction .')))

Input: But partner Richard Nye said , This is the most extraordinary failed transaction I 've seen in 25 years in this business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Nye was partner .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Richard Nye said , This is the most extraordinary failed transaction .','I 've seen in 25 years in this business the most extraordinary failed transaction .'))

Input: Any investor who acquires UAL stock in an attempt to force a buy-out or recapitalization must deal with United 's contentious unions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Any investor must deal with United 's contentious unions .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an attempt to force a buy-out or recapitalization .','Any investor acquires UAL stock .'))

Input: That gives them enormous leverage , including the threat of a strike to block any buy-out or recapitalization attempt they oppose .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is including the threat of a strike to block any buy-out or recapitalization attempt .','That gives them enormous leverage .' ), 'They oppose any buy-out or recapitalization attempt .')

Input: One person familiar with UAL said the unsettled labor situation and the uncertain world-wide financial markets contributed to the board 's decision to avoid rushing around selling the company at a bargain price , particularly since it accepted a $ 300-a-share offer just last month .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one person familiar with UAL said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/CAUSE(CO/LIST('The unsettled labor situation contributed to the board 's decision .','The uncertain world-wide financial markets contributed to the board 's decision .' ), 'It accepted a $ 300-a-share offer just last month .' ), 'This was to avoid rushing around selling the company at a bargain price .'))

Input: But the board 's decision prompted many to bail out of the stock yesterday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A source close to Carl Icahn , a corporate raider who owns Trans World Airlines Inc. , said he has n't owned any UAL stock and is n't buying .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A source close to Carl Icahn was a corporate raider .','A corporate raider owns Trans World Airlines Inc. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a source said .', CO/LIST('He has n't owned any UAL stock .','He is n't buying .')))

Input: And a spokesman for Reliance Group Holdings Inc. , which had held 7 % of UAL before the first buy-out bid but later reduced its holdings below 5 % , would n't comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And a spokesman for Reliance Group Holdings Inc. would n't comment .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the first buy-out bid .','A spokesman for Reliance Group Holdings Inc. had held 7 % of UAL .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was below 5 % .','A spokesman for Reliance Group Holdings Inc. later reduced its holdings .')))

Input: The Los Angeles investor ca n't buy UAL stock , solicit shareholder consents or make a new offer unless he makes a formal offer of $ 300 a share or UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Los Angeles investor ca n't buy UAL stock .','The Los Angeles investor ca n't solicit shareholder consents .', SUB/CONDITION('The Los Angeles investor ca n't make a new offer .', SUB/ELABORATION('He makes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is below $ 300 .','A formal offer of $ 300 a share or UAL accepts an offer .'))))

Input: Stronger results from the company 's broadcast and cable television units and professional and textbook publishing divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company 's largest newspaper was the Los Angeles Times .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the company 's newspapers .',', Stronger results from the company 's broadcast and cable television units and professional and textbook publishing divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper offset advertising declines in the Eastern U.S. .' ), 'This was what the company said .'))

Input: December copper opened near Monday 's close , tried to rally but failed , and then triggered stop-loss orders on its way down to settle at $ 1.1510 a pound , off 4.50 cents for the day .
Prediction: CO/LIST('December copper opened near Monday 's close .','December copper tried to rally .','December copper failed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was off 4.50 cents for the day .','December copper triggered stop-loss orders on its way down to settle at $ 1.1510 a pound .'))

Input: But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kaiser was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('A weakening economy implies reduced demand .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kaiser said .','Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper .')))

Input: When the market fell below that level on Monday and then yesterday could n't climb above that level , traders started selling out their positions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Monday .','The market fell below that level .' ), 'The market then yesterday could n't climb above that level .' ), 'Traders started selling out their positions .')

Input: Ms. Raptopoulos said the settling of strikes in Canada and Mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper until early next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Raptopoulos was Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Raptopoulos said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is until early next year .','The settling of strikes in Canada and Mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper .')))

Input: She noted that the preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow and is expected to be up about 2.5 % to 3 % .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she noted .', CO/LIST('The preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow .','The preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is expected to be up about 2.5 % to 3 % .'))

Input: Yesterday , for example , the durable goods numbers came out for September and the number was down only 0.1 % , she said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','Yesterday the durable goods numbers came out .' )CO/LIST(', September was down only 0.1 % .','The number was down only 0.1 % .' ), 'This was what she said .'))

Input: However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Threlkeld & Co. was an international metals company .','David Threlkeld was president of Threlkeld & Co. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what David Threlkeld noted .', CO/LIST('That so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 .','That projected production is below last year .')))

Input: According to Mr. Threlkeld , the bottleneck in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Threlkeld is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Threlkeld .','The bottleneck in copper production is n't at the mines but at the copper refineries .'))

Input: But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He noted that two weeks ago there were rumors of Soviet sales of precious metals to finance grain purchases , but the sales do n't seem to have materialized .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he noted .', CO/CONTRAST('Two weeks ago there were rumors of Soviet sales of precious metals to finance grain purchases .','The sales do n't seem to have materialized .'))

Input: Ms. Raptopoulos thought yesterday 's price action reflected weakness in the stock market and the dollar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Raptopoulos was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Raptopoulos thought .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the stock market .','This was in the dollar .' ), 'Yesterday 's price action reflected weakness .')))

Input: The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he noted that speculators apparently do n't believe there is much more of a decline in store for cocoa .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he noted .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Speculators apparently do n't believe .','There is much more of a decline in store for cocoa .'))

Input: But while further modest declines might be ahead , Mr. Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hafer was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Further modest declines might be ahead .','But , Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high .'))

Input: Citizens First Bancorp . Inc. said it agreed to buy Lakeland First Financial Group Inc. , a Succasunna , N.J. , bank holding company , for about $ 50.6 million in cash and stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lakeland First Financial Group Inc. was a Succasunna , N.J. , bank holding company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Citizens First Bancorp . Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in cash and stock .','It agreed to buy Lakeland First Financial Group Inc. for about $ 50.6 million .')))

Input: Lakeland holders will have the option to request either stock or cash .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The convertible preferred will pay dividends at 7.875 % and be convertible into shares of Citizens First at a rate equal to 20 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 20-day period prior to the transaction 's completion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at 7.875 % .','The convertible preferred will pay dividends .' ), 'The convertible preferred will be convertible into shares of Citizens First at a rate equal to 20 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 20-day period prior to the transaction 's completion .')

Input: The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension , a unit of General Electric Co. , to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('General Electric Pension was a unit of General Electric Co. .', SUB/PURPOSE('The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension .','This was to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables .'))

Input: But the troubles of SCI TV are a classic tale of the leveraged buy-out excesses of the 1980s , especially the asset-stripping game .
Prediction: NONE

Input: SCI TV , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another LBO that went bad after piling on debt -- though it did do that .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', SCI TV is n't just another LBO -- .','Just another LBO went bad after piling on debt .' ), 'It did do that .' ), ', SCI TV expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so .')

Input: The cable and TV station company was an LBO of an LBO , a set of assets that were leveraged twice , enabling the blue-chip buy-out king Henry Kravis in 1987 to take more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the com - pany .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Henry Kravis was the blue-chip buy-out king .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A set of assets were an LBO .','Assets were leveraged twice , enabling Henry Kravis in 1987 to take more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the com - pany .' ), 'The cable and TV station company was an LBO of an LBO .'))

Input: But it has left holders of SCI TV 's junk bonds holding the bag , including some heavyweights that KKR might need to finance future deals , such as Kemper Financial Services , First Executive , Columbia Savings & Loan and Prudential Insurance Co. of America .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But it has left holders of SCI TV 's junk bonds .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including some heavyweights .','KKR might need to finance future deals .' )CO/LIST('But it was holding the bag such as Kemper Financial Services of America .','But it was holding the bag such as First Executive of America .','But it was holding the bag such as Columbia Savings & Loan of America .','But it was holding the bag such as Prudential Insurance Co. of America .')))

Input: Some junk-holders are said to be considering legal action against KKR or moves to force SCI TV into bankruptcy court .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was against KKR .',', Some junk-holders are said to be considering legal action .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is into bankruptcy court .',', Some junk-holders moves to force SCI TV .'))

Input: And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('George Gillett was entrepreneur .', SUB/ELABORATION('KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out was Nashville , Tenn. , George Gillett .','And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out also is said to be very unhappy .'))

Input: With the other hand , KKR put back into SCI TV less than 10 % of the cash it had taken out , buying SCI TV common and preferred shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the other hand .','KKR put back into SCI TV less than 10 % of the cash .' ), 'It had taken out the cash .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the other hand .','KKR was buying SCI TV common and preferred shares .'))

Input: With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say with the TV business falling on hard times in recent years .', SUB/CONDITION(', SCI TV had to be liquidated today .', CO/LIST('It might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out .', CO/LIST('It is wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders .','It is wiping out most of its stockholders .'))))

Input: Negotiations have started con - structively , but that 's not to say we like this particular offer , says Wilbur Ross of Rothschild Inc. , adviser to SCI TV junk-holders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it 's understood that Mr. Kravis is disappointed that Mr. Gillett did n't manage to boost SCI TV 's operating profit after the buy-out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kravis was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But it 's understood .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kravis is disappointed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the buy-out .','Gillett did n't manage to boost SCI TV 's operating profit .'))))

Input: Mr. Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a Detroit station .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Gillett was Mr. .','Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record .' )CO/LIST('He has lifted some stations ' ratings .','He has turned around a Detroit station .'))

Input: People who have seen SCI TV 's restructuring plan say it offers concessions by KKR and Gillett Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what people who have seen SCI TV 's restructuring plan say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by KKR and Gillett Corp .','It offers concessions .'))

Input: Kemper , the biggest holder of senior SCI TV bonds , has refused to join the bond-holders committee and is said to be reviewing its legal options .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kemper was the biggest holder of senior SCI TV bonds .', CO/LIST('Kemper has refused to join the bond-holders committee .','Kemper is said to be reviewing its legal options .'))

Input: A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere .','A big bankruptcy-court case might provide new fuel .'))

Input: And people who know Mr. Kravis say he is n't in a hurry to pour more money into SCI TV .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kravis is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what people who know Kravis say .','He is n't in a hurry to pour more money into SCI TV .'))

Input: Rubbermaid officials said they are n't aware of any effort to take over the company , but believed the shareholder plan needed to be strengthened .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rubbermaid officials said .', CO/CONTRAST('They are n't aware of any effort to take over the company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they believed .','The shareholder plan needed to be strengthened .')))

Input: Some changes to the plan were minor adjustments , but the most significant was an amendment that provides that if any investor holds 25 % or more of Rubbermaid 's voting securities , each right held by others would entitle the holder to buy Rubbermaid shares with a market value of twice the right 's exercise price .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Some changes to the plan were minor adjustments .', SUB/ELABORATION('The most significant was an amendment .', SUB/ELABORATION('An amendment provides .', SUB/CONDITION('Any investor holds 25 % or more of Rubbermaid 's voting securities .','Each right held by others would entitle the holder to buy Rubbermaid shares with a market value of twice the right 's exercise price .'))))

Input: For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million .','Rubbermaid earned 44 cents a share .')))

Input: The stock market went on a dizzying ride as UAL , parent of United Airlines , once again led shares into a breathtaking decline and then an afternoon comeback .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('UAL was parent of United Airlines .', SUB/ELABORATION('The stock market went on a dizzying ride .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was into a breathtaking decline .','This was into then an afternoon comeback .' ), 'UAL once again led shares .')))

Input: Yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder that 11 days after the 190-point plunge on Friday the 13th , the stock market still has a bad case of nerves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is 11 days after the 190-point plunge on Friday the 13th .','The stock market still has a bad case of nerves .'))

Input: Takeover stock speculation and futures-related program trading drove the industrial average through wide ranges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was through wide ranges .', CO/LIST('Takeover stock speculation drove the industrial average .','Futures-related program trading drove the industrial average .'))

Input: And there is more volatility to come .
Prediction: NONE

Input: People are fearful and sensitive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traders said Goldman Sachs , Shearson Lehman Hutton and Salomon Brothers were the main force behind the futures buying at the pivotal moment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Goldman Sachs were the main force behind the futures .',', Shearson Lehman Hutton were the main force behind the futures .',', Salomon Brothers were the main force behind the futures .' ), 'The futures were buying at the pivotal moment .'))

Input: Officials at Goldman Sachs and Salomon Brothers were unavailable for comment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Five minutes before the Big Board opened , a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155 , a loss of as much as $ 43 a share from Monday 's close .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The Big Board opened .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Monday 's close .','A preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155 , a loss of as much as $ 43 a share .'))

Input: Shortly after the UAL opening , program traders started selling stocks in the Major Market Index and S&P 500 index .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the Major Market Index .','This was in S&P 500 index .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was shortly after the UAL opening .','Program traders started selling stocks .'))

Input: Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the rules .','The rules were adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange .' ), 'The futures contract can not drop below the limit .' ), 'Buyers can purchase futures .')

Input: The trading halt in the S&P 500 futures exacerbated selling and confusion , many traders maintain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But as the fright began to spread through the S&P pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The fright began to spread through the S&P pit .', CO/LIST('But , the big brokerage firms came in .','But , the big brokerage firms bought futures aggressively .'))

Input: But traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were shaken .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But traders were shaken .', SUB/ELABORATION('Traders risk money .','Money is handling big blocks of stock .'))

Input: But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .', SUB/CAUSE('We are losing credibility .', SUB/ELABORATION('The market does this .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a rational investment .','It does n't present itself .'))))

Input: AMR , the parent of American Airlines , fell 1 3\/4 to 68 7\/8 on 2.3 million shares ; Delta Air Lines lost 1 1\/2 to 66 , Southwest Airlines slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/4 and Midway Airlines dropped 1\/4 to 14 7\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('AMR was the parent of American Airlines .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 2.3 million shares .','AMR fell 13\/4 to 687\/8 .' ), 'Delta Air Lines lost 11\/2 to 66 .',', Southwest Airlines slid 3\/4 to 241\/4 .','Midway Airlines dropped 1\/4 to 147\/8 .'))

Input: Texas Air , which owns Continental and Eastern airlines , lost 3\/8 to 13 1\/8 on the American Stock Exchange .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the American Stock Exchange .','Texas Air lost 3\/8 to 131\/8 .' ), 'Texas Air owns Continental and Eastern airlines .')

Input: Other stocks in the Dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included United Technologies , which dropped 1 to 53 5\/8 , and Bethle hem Steel , which fell 1 to 16 7\/8 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Other stocks in the Dow industrials included United Technologies .','Other stocks in the Dow industrials failed to benefit from the market 's rebound .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('United Technologies dropped 1 to 535\/8 .','United Technologies dropped Bethle hem Steel .' ), 'Bethle hem Steel fell 1 to 167\/8 .'))

Input: The company denied the rumors and noted that it does n't own the building .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company denied the rumors .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company noted .','It does n't own the building .'))

Input: Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 1.6 million shares .','Great Western Financial lost 11\/8 to 201\/2 .' ), 'Golden West Financial dropped 11\/4 to 281\/2 .','H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 211\/4 .')

Input: The company noted that its third-quarter results should be released later this week or early next week .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company noted .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Its third-quarter results should be released later this week .','Its third-quarter results should be early next week .'))

Input: The company 's board approved the repurchase of up to 45 million common shares , or about 26 % of its shares outstanding , through the end of 1992 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was through the end of 1992 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company 's board approved the repurchase of up to 45 million common shares outstanding .','The company 's board approved the repurchase of about 26 % of its shares outstanding .'))

Input: Third-quarter and nine-month results do n't include any provision for premium returns that could be ordered by the California Department of Insurance under Proposition 103 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Third-quarter and nine-month results do n't include any provision for premium returns .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under Proposition 103 .','Any provision for premium returns could be ordered by the California Department of Insurance .'))

Input: Fireman 's Fund said it has applied for an exemption from these rate rollbacks , and plans to defend its filing in hearings before the department .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fireman 's Fund said .', CO/LIST('It has applied for an exemption from these rate rollbacks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in hearings before the department .','It plans to defend its filing .')))

Input: The Minneapolis computer systems and services concern said the offer is required under the senior note indenture as a result of Control Data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary , Imprimis , to Seagate Technology Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Imprimis was its disk drive subsidiary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Minneapolis computer systems and services concern said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Seagate Technology Inc .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of Control Data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary .','The offer is required under the senior note indenture .'))))

Input: There was very slow play on the market today , They were selling and buying by halves ; Instead of trading like Bears and Bulls , They behaved like cubs and calves .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There was very slow play on the market today , They were selling and buying by halves .', CO/CONTRAST('They was trading like Bears and Bulls .','They behaved like cubs and calves .'))

Input: But junk bonds took more hits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('That happens .', CO/LIST('Nervous stock investors dump equities .','Nervous stock investors buy Treasurys .' ), 'Treasurys are higher in quality and thus considered safe .'))

Input: In response , Treasury prices soared 1 1\/8 points , or about $ 11.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in response .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Treasury prices soared 11\/8 points .','Treasury prices soared about $ 11.25 .')))

Input: Municipal , mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose 1\/8 to 1\/2 point .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But high-yield , high-risk bonds fell 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with the stock market early in the session and never recovered .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the stock market early in the session .','But high-yield , high-risk bonds fell 1\/4 to 1\/2 point .' ), 'But high-yield , high-risk bonds recovered .')

Input: TW is the largest franchisee of Hardee 's , a fast-food restaurant , and operates several other food chains .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hardee 's is a fast-food restaurant .', CO/LIST('TW is the largest franchisee of Hardee 's .','TW operates several other food chains .'))

Input: Also , the TW offering includes interest-deferred and pay-in-kind securities , which are currently unpopular .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is also .','The TW offering includes interest-deferred and pay-in-kind securities .' ), 'Interest-deferred and pay-in-kind securities are currently unpopular .')

Input: People are looking past supply to lower interest rates , but they 're also worried about being whipsawed by the volatility in the stock market .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to lower interest rates .','People are looking past supply .' ), 'They 're also worried about being whipsawed by the volatility in the stock market .')

Input: However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moran was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline .'))

Input: Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Three of the largest offerings , by Exxon Capital Corp. , Xerox Corp. and Citicorp , were underwritten by groups led by Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by Exxon Capital Corp. .','This was by Xerox Corp. .','This was by Citicorp .' ), 'Three of the largest offerings were underwritten by groups .' ), 'Groups were led by Salomon Brothers Inc .')

Input: The derivative markets remained active as one new issue was priced and talk circulated about more offerings in the next day or two .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The derivative markets remained active .','One new issue was priced .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was in the next day .','This was in two .' ), 'Talk circulated about more offerings .'))

Input: Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president and chief executive officer and that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Staar Surgical Co. 's board said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president and chief executive officer .','It has removed that John R. Wolf .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was sales and marketing .','Formerly executive vice president has been named president and chief executive officer .')))

Input: Later they said they fired him , and two directors attempted to place the company under bankruptcy-law protection .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .','They fired him .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was under bankruptcy-law protection .','Two directors attempted to place the company .'))

Input: Mr. Wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Wolf declined to comment on the announcement .','Other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement .'))

Input: The Staar board also said that John R. Ford resigned as a director , and that Mr. Wolf was named a member of the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Staar board said .', CO/LIST('That John R. Ford resigned as a director .','That Wolf was named a member of the board .')))

Input: After the legislature confirmed him as the Communist Party leader , Krenz said demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause a worsening of the situation , or confrontation .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as the Communist Party leader .','The legislature confirmed him .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Krenz said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause a worsening of the situation .','Demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause confrontation .')))

Input: But as many as 12,000 people marched in East Berlin after the speech to protest his election .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the speech .','But as many as 12,000 people marched in East Berlin .' ), 'This was to protest his election .')

Input: But the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from Bush .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the former national security adviser .','But the judge denied a request .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The former national security adviser faces five criminal charges .','This is to seek documents from Bush .'))

Input: The House , meanwhile , approved $ 2.85 billion to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from Hurricane Hugo as state legislators moved toward a temporary sales-tax increase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from Hurricane Hugo .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','The House approved $ 2.85 billion .' ), ', State legislators moved toward a temporary sales-tax increase .'))

Input: TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $ 500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jim Bakker was TV evangelist .', CO/LIST('Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','Jim Bakker was fined $ 500,000 .' ), 'Jim Bakker was defrauding followers of his PTL ministry .')))

Input: Bakker , who was immediately taken into custody , was convicted Oct. 5 by a federal court jury in Charlotte , N.C. , of fraud and conspiracy for diverting more than $ 3.7 million of ministry funds for personal use .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','Bakker was convicted Oct. 5 by a federal court jury in Charlotte , N.C. , of fraud and conspiracy .' ), 'Bakker was diverting more than $ 3.7 million of ministry funds for personal use .' ), 'Bakker was immediately taken into custody .')

Input: In Warsaw , Shevardnadze held his first talks with the Solidarity-led government and vowed to maintain fuel supplies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Solidarity-led government .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Warsaw .',', Shevardnadze held his first talks .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Warsaw .',', Shevardnadze vowed to maintain fuel supplies .')))

Input: The department 's Office of Thrift Supervision said that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are biased , but conceded that it does n't have data about applicants to determine why blacks are rejected more often .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the department 's Office of Thrift Supervision said .','Does n't necessarily mean thrifts are biased .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the department 's Office of Thrift Supervision conceded .', SUB/PURPOSE('It does n't have data about applicants .','This was to determine why blacks are rejected more often .')))

Input: Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , where a series of explosions Monday killed at least two people and injured 124 .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas .', CO/LIST('A series of explosions Monday killed at least two people .','A series of explosions Monday injured 124 .'))

Input: UAL 's stock regained most of an early loss amid speculation one or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid speculation .','UAL 's stock regained most of an early loss .' ), 'One or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent speculation .')

Input: Jaguar has been discussing an alliance with GM , but Ford 's move may derail the talks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with GM .','Jaguar has been discussing an alliance .' ), 'Ford 's move may derail the talks .')

Input: Car and truck sales slid 20.5 % in mid-October as U.S. manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier in the year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in mid-October .',', Car and truck sales slid 20.5 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for heavy incentives earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year .','U.S. manufacturers paid the price .')))

Input: GE executives were accused by U.S. prosecutors of providing misleading and false data to the Pentagon in 1985 to cover up longstanding fraudulent billing practices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Digital Equipment announced its first mainframe computers , targeting IBM 's largest market and heating up the industry 's biggest rivalry .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Digital Equipment announced its first mainframe computers .', CO/LIST('Digital Equipment was targeting IBM 's largest market .','Digital Equipment was heating up the industry 's biggest rivalry .'))

Input: Procter & Gamble 's profit surged 38 % in its latest fiscal quarter , aided by a gain from a legal settlement and continued growth overseas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its latest fiscal quarter .','Procter & Gamble 's profit surged 38 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from a legal settlement .','This was from continued growth overseas .' ), 'Its latest fiscal quarter was aided by a gain .'))

Input: But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows .', CO/LIST('Genetic defects can be detected three days after conception .','Genetic defects were using a new American-developed gene-copying technique .'))

Input: Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out and tested three days after conception and returned if healthy , or discarded if not .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out .', CO/LIST('Or in other couples , the embryo could be tested three days after conception .','Or in other couples , the embryo could be returned if healthy .','Or in other couples , the embryo could be discarded if not .'))

Input: Phillips found and improved a yeast , Pichia pastoris , which made protein from natural gas-derived alcohol .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Phillips found .','Phillips improved a yeast , Pichia pastoris .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from natural gas-derived alcohol .','A yeast , Pichia pastoris made protein .'))

Input: But Phillips persisted , calling in scientists from the Salk Institute .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At present , doctors can see how badly an artery is clogged only by inserting a thin catheter into the artery and injecting a fluid that makes the arteries visible on X-rays .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at present .','Doctors can see .' )SUB/ELABORATION('An artery is clogged only by inserting a thin catheter into the artery and injecting a fluid .','A fluid makes the arteries visible on X-rays .'))

Input: In the Bell Labs experiments , an MRI-type of machine , synchronized with the heartbeat via an electrocardiogram , rapidly flashes a magnetic field on and off as blood passes a certain point in a vessel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the Bell Labs experiments .','An MRI-type of machine rapidly flashes a magnetic field on and off .' ), 'An MRI-type of machine is synchronized with the heartbeat via an electrocardiogram .' ), 'Blood passes a certain point in a vessel .')

Input: They 've been able to measure the minuscule movements of the artery wall as the beating heart raises and lowers the pressure of the flowing blood , a first for such tiny blood vessels , they report in Nature , a scientific journal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The flowing blood is a first for such tiny blood vessels .', SUB/ELABORATION('Nature is a scientific journal .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('They 've been able to measure the minuscule movements of the artery wall .','The beating heart raises and lowers the pressure of the flowing blood .' ), 'This is what they report in Nature .')))

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: Underwriting syndicates at Lloyd 's , the world 's largest insurance market , generally do n't close their accounts for three years , to allow for the filing of claims and litigation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lloyd 's is the world 's largest insurance market .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for three years .','Underwriting syndicates at Lloyd 's generally do n't close their accounts .' ), 'This is to allow for the filing of claims and litigation .'))

Input: When such claims and litigation extend beyond the period , the syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Such claims extend beyond the period .','Litigation extend beyond the period .' ), 'The syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines .')

Input: The open-year accounting practice is widely recognized within Lloyd 's as of serious concern to the 31,329 member investors , who underwrite insurance at Lloyd 's in return for premium and investment income , Lloyd 's said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The open-year accounting practice is widely recognized within Lloyd 's as of serious concern to the 31,329 member investors .','This was what Lloyd 's said .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Lloyd 's .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in return for premium and investment income .','The 31,329 member investors underwrite insurance .')))

Input: The procedure causes great uncertainty because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CAUSE('The procedure causes great uncertainty .','An investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability .' ), 'This was what Lloyd 's said .')

Input: In addition , officials will have to get quotes for certain reinsurance contracts and obtain approvals from other syndicate directors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from other syndicate directors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','Officials will have to get quotes for certain reinsurance contracts and obtain approvals .'))

Input: The nation 's largest software company earned $ 9.6 million , or five cents a share , compared with $ 28 million , or 16 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 28 million a year earlier .','This was compared with 16 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The nation 's largest software company earned $ 9.6 million .','The nation 's largest software company earned five cents a share .'))

Input: The drop in earnings had been anticipated by most Wall Street analysts , but the results were reported after the market closed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The drop in earnings had been anticipated by most Wall Street analysts .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the results were reported .','After the market closed .'))

Input: In August , the company warned investors that the acquisition was being delayed , and many customers were holding off on purchase decisions until the takeover was completed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company warned investors in August .','The acquisition was being delayed .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what many customers were holding off on purchase decisions in August .','Until the takeover was completed .'))

Input: The delays mainly affected sales of data base management products , a core area for both Computer Associates and Cullinet , as well as sales of other products as part of package sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A core area for both Computer Associates and Cullinet were sales of data base management products .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of package sales .','The delays mainly affected sales of data base management products as well as sales of other products .'))

Input: Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Cemetery officials hope .', CO/CONTRAST('The ads will not only draw visitors .','The ads will not only bolster burials and endowment fund contributions .' ), 'The ads will begin airing next month .'))

Input: Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lake View had an operating deficit last year .', CO/LIST('Lake View has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair .','Lake View has a poor reputation as crime-infested cemetery .'))

Input: The private , non-profit cemetery has had trouble competing against its for-profit counterparts , which use direct mail and other advertising to sell lots .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The private , non-profit cemetery has had trouble competing against its for-profit counterparts .', CO/LIST('Trouble competing against its for-profit counterparts use direct mail to sell lots .','Trouble competing against its for-profit counterparts use other advertising to sell lots .'))

Input: A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Dempsey estimated that the issue 's London debut was accompanied by very , very heavy turnover -- between five million and six million shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dempsey was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dempsey estimated .','The issue 's London debut was accompanied by very , very heavy turnover -- between five million and six million shares .'))

Input: Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels on Nov. 6 , when the French-franc denominated offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion , comes to market in the European Community .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Nov. 6 .','Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The French-franc denominated offering comes to market in the European Community .','The French-franc denominated offering is valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion .'))

Input: In contrast to the London performance , Euro Disney there closed down three francs yesterday , at 79 1\/2 francs -LRB- $ 12.66 -RRB- bid , but still about 10 % over the 72-franc offering price .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the London performance .','This was in contrast .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 791\/2 francs -LRB- $ 12.66 -RRB- bid .', CO/CONTRAST('Euro Disney there closed down three francs yesterday .','Euro Disney there still about 10 % over the 72-franc offering price .')))

Input: A lot of big European banks , mostly French , and Swiss arb accounts have been buying the stock just to flip it for a quick profit , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE('A lot of big European banks , mostly French , and Swiss arb accounts have been buying the stock just .','This was to flip it for a quick profit .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Albert Fried Jr. , a 59-year-old director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company , was named chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment , material handling and railroad industries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Albert Fried Jr. was a 59-year-old director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for the construction equipment .','This was for material handling .','This was for railroad industries .' ), 'Albert Fried Jr. was named chairman of this maker of products .'))

Input: He succeeds L.L. White Jr. , 62 , who resigned but continues as a director .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('L.L. White Jr. is 62 .','He succeeds L.L. White Jr. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('L.L. White Jr. was 62 .', CO/CONTRAST('L.L. White Jr. resigned .','L.L. White Jr. continues as a director .')))

Input: But with its stake in Jaguar , which it raised yesterday to 11.95 % , Ford could convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge holders to vote to drop the restriction sooner .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('But with its stake in Jaguar , Ford could convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge holders .','This is to vote to drop the restriction sooner .' ), 'It raised yesterday to 11.95 % its stake in Jaguar .')

Input: He emphasized that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances , and said those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he emphasized .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the right circumstances .','The car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment .')))

Input: Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact that would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company and create joint ventures that would produce an executive-model range of cars .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact .', CO/LIST('A GM-Jaguar pact would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company .', SUB/ELABORATION('A GM-Jaguar pact would create joint ventures .','Joint ventures would produce an executive-model range of cars .')))

Input: Jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , It would n't surprise me if -LCB- Jaguar executives -RCB- want to wait and see what the color of that -LCB- Ford bid -RCB- is first .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks .','Jaguar seems to be losing interest , It would n't surprise me .' ), 'A minority stake is adding .' ), '-LCB- Jaguar executives -RCB- want to wait and see what the color of that -LCB- Ford bid -RCB- is first .')

Input: Sir John Egan , Jaguar 's chairman , so far has refused to meet with Ford officials , but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('John Egan was Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION('John Egan was Jaguar 's chairman .','John Egan so far has refused to meet with Ford officials .' ), 'He is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal .'))

Input: A pitched battle could mean Jaguar would fetch # 10 -LRB- $ 16.02 -RRB- a share , or about # 1.8 billion -LRB- $ 2.88 billion -RRB- , several analysts believe .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('A pitched battle could mean .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Jaguar would fetch # 10 -LRB- $ 16.02 -RRB- a share .','Jaguar would fetch about # 1.8 billion -LRB- $ 2.88 billion -RRB- .' ), 'This is what several analysts believe .'))

Input: And financially strapped Jaguar has spent over a year looking for a rich uncle to provide cash and technological know-how .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And financially strapped Jaguar has spent over a year .', SUB/PURPOSE('A year was looking for a rich uncle .','This was to provide cash and technological know-how .'))

Input: Ford 's need to acquire some or all of Jaguar became more acute last week when it abandoned a four-year effort to market its German-built Merkur Scorpio sedan as a European luxury import in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ford 's need to acquire some or all of Jaguar became more acute last week .', SUB/PURPOSE('It abandoned a four-year effort .','This was to market its German-built Merkur Scorpio sedan as a European luxury import in the U.S. .'))

Input: Its Opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks Jaguar 's cachet .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Its Opel line has a solid image .','Its Opel line has a recent string of highly successful new models .' ), 'It lacks Jaguar 's cachet .')

Input: Meanwhile , like many other oil companies hurt by less-profitable downstream businesses , Mobil Corp. , Shell Oil Co. and Chevron Corp. reported lower quarterly earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was like many other oil companies .','Many other oil companies were hurt by less-profitable downstream businesses .' )CO/LIST('Mobil Corp. reported lower quarterly earnings .',', Shell Oil Co. reported lower quarterly earnings .',', Chevron Corp. reported lower quarterly earnings .')))

Input: Sun Sun Co. 's net income climbed 18 % to $ 85 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 72 million , or 67 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 85 million .','This was to 80 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 72 million .','This was from 67 cents a share .' ), ', Sun Sun Co. 's net income climbed 18 % .'))

Input: Overseas exploration and production results also improved because of additional output from the North Sea Magnus Field , a portion of which was acquired by Sun earlier this year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: President Frank Richardson attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices , which countered higher earnings from the crude oil sector of Shell 's exploration and production operation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Frank Richardson was President .','Frank Richardson attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the crude oil sector of Shell 's exploration and production operation .','Lower natural gas prices countered higher earnings .'))

Input: Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million , to $ 137 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 137 million .',', Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million .' )CO/LIST(', Shell 's chemical earnings were reflecting lower margins .',', Shell 's chemical earnings were reflecting less demand for commodity chemicals .'))

Input: Net income at Mobil Corp. slipped 4.5 % to $ 532 million , or $ 1.30 a share , from $ 557 million , or $ 1.36 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 532 million .','This was to $ 1.30 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 557 million .','This was from $ 1.36 a share .' ), 'Net income at Mobil Corp. slipped 4.5 % .'))

Input: The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is over a two-year period .','The restructuring will take place .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The restructuring will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations .','This is to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas .'))

Input: Last year , third-quarter earnings included a $ 157 million gain from foreign tax rate changes and a loss from a $ 65 million write-off of reserves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from foreign tax rate changes .','This was from a loss .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a $ 65 million write-off of reserves .','Last year , third-quarter earnings included a $ 157 million gain .'))

Input: Chevron 's net income fell 0.7 % , to $ 417 million , or $ 1.22 a share , from $ 420 million , or $ 1.23 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 420 million .','This was from $ 1.23 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 417 million .','This was to $ 1.22 a share .' ), ', Chevron 's net income fell 0.7 % .'))

Input: Results included a $ 37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron 's investment in Amax Inc. , and a loss of $ 30 million from the sale of California oil and gas properties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the sale of rights .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from Chevron 's investment in Amax Inc. .','This was from a loss of $ 30 million .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was from the sale of California oil and gas properties .','Results included a $ 37 million gain .')))

Input: Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chevron said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from production operations .','Higher crude oil prices boosted profits .' ), 'Margins in refining and marketing declined .'))

Input: Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss that included a $ 16 million reorganization charge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the property sale loss .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss .','Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million .' ), 'A year-earlier $ 44 million loss included a $ 16 million reorganization charge .'))

Input: Refining and marketing operations earned $ 130 million in the quarter this year , compared with earnings of $ 186 million a year earlier that included $ 18 million in charges for environmental programs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with earnings of $ 186 million a year earlier .','Refining and marketing operations earned $ 130 million this year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in charges for environmental programs .','Earnings of $ 186 million a year earlier included $ 18 million .')))

Input: Richard de J. Osborne , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said the company 's decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better future .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard de J. Osborne was chairman , president and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard de J. Osborne said .','The company 's decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better future .'))

Input: Asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined copper , lead and zinc , and higher equity earnings in Mexico Desarrollo Industrial Minero S.A. , a Mexican mining company in which Asarco has a 34 % stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mexico Desarrollo Industrial Minero S.A. was a Mexican mining company in which Asarco has a 34 % stake .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Asarco said .','The gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined copper , lead and zinc , and higher equity earnings in Mexico Desarrollo Industrial Minero S.A. .'))

Input: Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Asarco said .', CO/LIST('It plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in southern Illinois strip mining .','It will end its involvement .')))

Input: The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('That it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is regardless .','Existing sales contracts expire of the outcome of those talks .')))

Input: Jay Marcus , president , said the move reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jay Marcus was president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jay Marcus said .', CO/LIST('The move reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's long-term prospects .','The move reflects the confidence of our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment .')))

Input: Timothy C. Brown , a vice president , was named executive vice president and a director of this lighting and specialty products concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Timothy C. Brown was a vice president .', CO/LIST('Timothy C. Brown was named executive vice president .','Timothy C. Brown was named a director of this lighting and specialty products concern .'))

Input: C. Barr Schuler , 49 , vice president and chief financial officer , was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions , a new post .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('49 was vice president and chief financial officer .',', C. Barr Schuler was 49 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Acquisitions were a new post .',', C. Barr Schuler was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions .'))

Input: Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Phillip J. Stuecker was 37 .','Phillip J. Stuecker was vice president .','Phillip J. Stuecker was secretary .','Phillip J. Stuecker was treasurer .' ), 'Phillip J. Stuecker was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer .')

Input: Mr. Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal , which has primarily been a retail-based firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Koenig is Mr. .','Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal .' ), 'Gruntal has primarily been a retail-based firm .')

Input: He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. until July , when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. , who then became the sole chief executive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was until July .','He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. .' ), 'He was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. .' ), 'Howard L. Blum Jr. then became the sole chief executive .')

Input: Mr. Blum added he was n't surprised Mr. Koenig resigned , but his departure was nothing that we desired or worked for .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Blum was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Blum added .','He was n't surprised Koenig resigned .' )SUB/ELABORATION('His departure was nothing .','We desired or worked for .')))

Input: The contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Birtcher , a maker of electronic medical equipment , said the transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Birtcher was a maker of electronic medical equipment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Birtcher said .','The transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 .'))

Input: First Wachovia Corp. said John F. McNair III will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's Wachovia Corp. and Wachovia Bank & Trust Co. subsidiaries on Dec. 31 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First Wachovia Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Dec. 31 .','John F. McNair III will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's Wachovia Corp. and Wachovia Bank & Trust Co. subsidiaries .'))

Input: Mr. McNair , 62 years old , will be succeeded by L.M. Bud Baker Jr. , 47 , the parent 's chief credit officer and head of its administration division .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McNair was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('47 was the parent 's chief credit officer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 62 years old .', CO/LIST('McNair will be succeeded by L.M. Bud Baker Jr. .','McNair will be succeeded by 47 .','McNair will be succeeded by head of its administration division .'))))

Input: Mr. Baker will relinquish his previous positions , but a successor for him has n't been named yet .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Baker is Mr. .','Baker will relinquish his previous positions .' ), 'A successor for him has n't been named yet .')

Input: Messrs. Baker and Bennett have been elected directors of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust filling vacant seats on both boards .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Baker was Messrs. .', CO/LIST('Baker and Bennett have been elected directors of Wachovia .','Baker and Bennett have been elected Wachovia Bank & Trust filling vacant seats on both boards .'))

Input: The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 82.2 % the previous week a year ago .','This was compared with 86.2 % a year ago .' ), 'The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week .')

Input: The American Iron and Steel Institute reported : The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The American Iron and Steel Institute reported .', SUB/ELABORATION('The capability utilization rate is a calculation at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week .','A calculation was designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week .'))

Input: With reduced exports and rising imports , South Korea 's trade surpluses with the U.S. and Europe between January and September fell sharply from a year ago , the Customs Administration said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with reduced exports and rising imports .',', South Korea 's trade surpluses with the U.S. and Europe between January and September fell sharply from a year ago .' ), 'This was what the Customs Administration said .')

Input: France 's industrial production index for July and August rose 1 % from June and was up 4.6 % from a year ago , according to seasonally adjusted data from the National Statistics Institute .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from June .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to seasonally adjusted data from the National Statistics Institute .','France 's industrial production index for July and August rose 1 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to seasonally adjusted data from the National Statistics Institute .','France 's industrial production index for July and August was up 4.6 % from a year ago .')))

Input: Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing , with a monthly rise of 2 % and a year-on-year advance of 3 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with a monthly rise of 2 % .','This was with a year-on-year advance of 3 % .' ), ', Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing .')

Input: These gains were partly offset by output of cars and other consumer durables , which eased 3.9 % from June 's high level .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('These gains were partly offset by output of cars .','These gains were partly offset by output of other consumer durables .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from June 's high level .','Output of cars and other consumer durables eased 3.9 % .'))

Input: International Minerals said the sale will allow Mallinckrodt to focus its resources on its core businesses of medical products , specialty chemicals and flavors .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what International Minerals said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is on its core businesses of medical products .','This is on its core businesses of specialty chemicals .','This is on its core businesses of flavors .' ), 'The sale will allow Mallinckrodt to focus its resources .'))

Input: Consumers Power and Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST(', Consumers Power last year announced a joint venture .','Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture .' ), 'This was to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility .')

Input: But several analysts and Japanese scientists familiar with the study , which was announced at a conference in Nagoya yesterday , expressed skepticism over the significance of the results .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the significance of the results .', CO/LIST('But several analysts expressed skepticism .','But Japanese scientists familiar with the study expressed skepticism .' ), 'The study was announced at a conference in Nagoya yesterday .'))

Input: And the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the researchers acknowledged .', SUB/TEMPORAL('They still must do much more work .', SUB/ELABORATION('They can say .','The treatment would actually cure humans .')))

Input: The announcement got wide exposure in the Japanese media , and even moved some pharmaceutical stocks yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Japanese media .','The announcement got wide exposure .' ), 'The announcement even moved some pharmaceutical stocks yesterday .')

Input: But Takashi Kitamura , director of the biology department at Japan 's National Institute of Health and secretary of the government 's AIDS-research center , said , I 'm not so optimistic of its future use in therapeutic methods .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Takashi Kitamura is director of the biology department at Japan 's National Institute of Health .','Takashi Kitamura is director of the biology department at secretary of the government 's AIDS-research center .' ), 'But Takashi Kitamura said , I 'm not so optimistic of its future use in therapeutic methods .')

Input: He said some infected cells may not have the relevant antigen and so would n't be killed even after exposure to the antibody .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST(', Some infected cells may not have the relevant antigen .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the antibody .',', Some infected cells so would n't be killed even after exposure .')))

Input: But he and Dr. Yonehara said there were still several uncertainties , particularly regarding possible side effects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yonehara was Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he and Yonehara said .', SUB/ELABORATION('There were still several uncertainties .',', Several uncertainties were particularly regarding possible side effects .')))

Input: AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan -- the government reports about 1,000 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was into research in recent years .','Many companies have poured substantial resources .' ), 'Research in recent years was hoping to cash in on a possible cure .'))

Input: Dr. Kitamura said about 35 projects are currently under way in Japan , and that Japanese researchers in the past year have made available three possible cures to American researchers for clinical tests .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kitamura was Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kitamura said .', CO/LIST('About 35 projects are currently under way in Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to American researchers for clinical tests .','That Japanese researchers in the past year have made available three possible cures .'))))

Input: But Andrew Porter , a drug-industry analyst at Nikko Securities Co. in London , said if the product were to be successfully developed it would represent a potential threat to the long-term viability of Retrovir .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Andrew Porter was a drug-industry analyst at Nikko Securities Co. in London .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Andrew Porter said .', SUB/CONDITION('The product were to be successfully developed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the long-term viability of Retrovir .','It would represent a potential threat .'))))

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Chemical Waste Management Inc. , proposed global offering of 8,500,000 shares of common stock , of which seven million of the shares will be offered in the U.S. and 1,500,000 shares will be offered overseas , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets -LRB- domestic -RRB- and Kidder , Peabody & Co . -LRB- international -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: John Nuveen & Co. , initial offerings of the Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. and the Nuveen New York Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Scott Paper Co. , shelf offering of up to $ 360 million of debt securities , via Goldman Sachs , Salomon Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney , Harris Upham .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yes Clothing Co. , proposed initial offering of 776,470 common shares , of which 600,000 shares will be offered by the company and 176,470 by holders , via Seidler Amdec Securities Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A # 320 million -LRB- $ 508 million -RRB- British Airways PLC rights issue flopped badly -- the victim of recent market turbulence and the collapse of the buy-out bid for United Airlines ' parent , UAL Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('United Airlines ' parent were UAL Corp .', CO/LIST('A # 320 million -LRB- $ 508 million -RRB- British Airways PLC rights issue flopped badly -- the victim of recent market turbulence .','A # 320 million -LRB- $ 508 million -RRB- British Airways PLC rights issue flopped badly -- the collapse of the buy-out bid for United Airlines ' parent .'))

Input: In a statement , British Air Chairman Lord King said the company was obviously disappointed that the issue was not taken up , but it would have been unreasonable to expect a better result given the volatility of the stock market since the launch of the issue .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('King was British Air Chairman Lord .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what King said in a statement .', SUB/ELABORATION('The company was obviously disappointed .','The issue was not taken up .' ), 'It would have been unreasonable to expect a better result given the volatility of the stock market since the launch of the issue .')))

Input: Lazard and other primary underwriters have reduced or eliminated their exposure by sub-underwriting the issue among U.K. institutional investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .', CO/LIST('Lazard have reduced or eliminated their exposure .','Other primary underwriters have reduced or eliminated their exposure .' )CO/LIST('Lazard were sub-underwriting the issue among U.K. institutional investors .','Other primary underwriters were sub-underwriting the issue among U.K. institutional investors .')))

Input: And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares .', SUB/ELABORATION('And , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Any surplus was left with underwriters .','They try to sell the issue in the open market .')))

Input: There is no difference of opinion between -LRB- Chairman -RRB- Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Colin is Lord King .',', Colin is Sir .' ), 'There is no difference of opinion between -LRB- Chairman -RRB- Colin on any aspect of company policy .')

Input: But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the new urgency is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence .','The new urgency is trickling down to the managers little evidence .' ), 'The managers actually do hiring .')

Input: Is there really a commitment or an illusion of activity ? he asks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get numbers in order for end-of-year reports .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests based on earnings or return on equity .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on earnings .','Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests .' ), 'Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has return on equity .')

Input: Lotus Development Corp. feeds its evaluations into a computer , but only for storage ; the decisions are made by supervisors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is into a computer , but only for storage .','Lotus Development Corp. feeds its evaluations .' ), 'The decisions are made by supervisors .')

Input: At Chemfix Technology Inc. , each supervisor 's recommendation must be approved by the next boss up the line , and then sanctioned by a salary review committee .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Chemfix Technology Inc. .','Each supervisor 's recommendation must be approved by the next boss up the line .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Chemfix Technology Inc. .','Each supervisor 's recommendation must be sanctioned by a salary review committee .'))

Input: In Japan , by contrast , companies tend to develop their own talent and promote from within .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by contrast .',', Companies tend to develop their own talent and promote from within .'))

Input: FRINGE-BENEFIT spending by small and medium-sized employers has dropped to 25 % of payroll from 29 % three years ago , says the National Institute of Business Management , an advisory service .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals who know their responsibilities , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals .','Enough enlightened and spirited individuals know their responsibilities .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: Headed by a former Waffen SS sergeant and working from a nationalistic platform of anti-foreigner rhetoric , the fledgling Republicans party has scored surprising gains in earlier elections in the states of West Berlin , Hesse and North-Rhine Westphalia .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The fledgling Republicans party were headed by a former Waffen SS sergeant .','The fledgling Republicans party were working from a nationalistic platform of anti-foreigner rhetoric .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in earlier elections in the states of West Berlin , Hesse and North-Rhine Westphalia .','The fledgling Republicans party has scored surprising gains .'))

Input: Election analysts acknowledge that a Red-Green coalition of Social Democrats and Greens could edge out Chancellor Kohl 's coalition in the December 1990 national election if support for the Republicans continues to spread .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kohl is Chancellor .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Election analysts acknowledge .', SUB/CONDITION('A Red-Green coalition of Social Democrats and Greens could edge out Kohl 's coalition in the December 1990 national election .',', Support for the Republicans continues to spread .')))

Input: If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , said Jeff Rooker , a member of Parliament and one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from the U.S. , Canada and Australia .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Although Italy 's investigation of whether Olivetti had violated Western export-control rules had previously been made known , this marked the first time the unit and product were named .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Italy 's investigation of whether Olivetti had violated Western export-control rules had previously been made known .', SUB/ELABORATION('This marked the first time .','The unit and product were named the first time .'))

Input: In driftnet , or wall of death , fishing , fleets lay nets up to three miles long that trap almost everything in their path .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Death was fishing .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in driftnet , or wall of death .','Fleets lay nets up to three miles long .' ), 'Nets up to three miles long trap almost everything in their path .'))

Input: Earlier this year , Japan said it would cut the number of its drift-net vessels in the South Pacific by two-thirds , or down to 20 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Japan said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the South Pacific .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by two-thirds , or down to 20 .','It would cut the number of its drift-net vessels .')))

Input: The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals .', CO/LIST('A series of management proposals will give them a higher basic wage .','A series of management proposals will give them better profit-sharing benefits .','A series of management proposals will give them bigger annual bonuses .'))

Input: Striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on Oct. 13 , had returned to work last week when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Striking workers had returned to work last week when the union arranged to reopen negotiations .',', Striking workers had returned to work last week when De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 13 .',', Striking workers began striking five diamond mines .'))

Input: Before the two parties resumed talks last week , De Beers offered 17 % and the union wanted 37.6 % .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The two parties resumed talks last week .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what De Beers offered .', CO/LIST('17 % wanted 37.6 % .','The union wanted 37.6 % .')))

Input: But security systems , effective management controls and regulations to govern their use have not kept pace , the People 's Daily said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('But security systems have not kept pace .','But effective management controls have not kept pace .','But regulations to govern their use have not kept pace .' ), 'This was what the People 's Daily said .')

Input: Fatalities on rural interstates rose 33 % between 1986 and last year , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a report on the impact of the 65 miles-per-hour speed limit on those roads .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was between 1986 .','Fatalities on rural interstates rose 33 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on those roads .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the impact of the 65 miles-per-hour speed limit .','Last year , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a report .')))

Input: The report to Congress said that fatalities rose 18 % in 1987 and 13 % in 1988 on rural interstates .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the report to Congress said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in 1987 .','This was in 13 % in 1988 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on rural interstates .','Fatalities rose 18 % .')))

Input: About one-third of the fatality increase is attributed to greater travel , and about two-thirds is attributed to other factors -LCB- primarily to greater speed -RCB- , according to NHTSA .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About one-third of the fatality increase is attributed to greater travel .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to NHTSA .','About two-thirds is attributed to other factors -LCB- primarily to greater speed -RCB- .'))

Input: The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The report showed .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was between 1986 .','This was between last year .' ), 'Deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % .' ), 'Fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 .'))

Input: Moreover , the Bank follows a prudent provisioning policy and has set aside $ 800 million against possible loan losses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is moreover .','The Bank follows a prudent provisioning policy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was against possible loan losses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .','The Bank has set aside $ 800 million .')))

Input: Our traditional project loans have , for instance , supported sensible energy pricing in the power sector , sound interest-rate policies in the credit area and the operation of public utilities as efficient , autonomous agencies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as efficient , autonomous agencies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance .', CO/LIST('Our traditional project loans have supported sensible energy pricing in the power sector .','Our traditional project loans have supported sound interest-rate policies in the credit area .','Our traditional project loans have supported the operation of public utilities .')))

Input: As their name implies , these operations are linked to far-reaching policy reforms that aim at helping borrowing countries get back on the growth path and at enhancing their credit-worthiness .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Their name implies .', SUB/ELABORATION('These operations are linked to far-reaching policy reforms and at enhancing their credit-worthiness .','Far-reaching policy reforms aim at helping borrowing countries get back on the growth path .'))

Input: Typically , these measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals in the economy , to open up inward-looking economies to international competition and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the economy .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to international competition .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is typically .','These measures include reforms to downsize the role of government and parastatals , to open up inward-looking economies and to promote the development of a vigorous private sector .')))

Input: Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments .','This was by entrepreneurs in the Third World .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the International Finance Corp .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the years .','It has helped encourage investments .')))

Input: Most recently , the Bank Group has been expanded to include the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency to stimulate direct foreign investment in developing countries by offering guarantees against noncommercial risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in developing countries by offering guarantees against noncommercial risk and advice to member countries on how to improve their business climate .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was most recently .','The Bank Group has been expanded to include the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency to stimulate direct foreign investment .'))

Input: These are not the actions of a development agency wed to central planning and to the concentration of investment decisions in the hands of government , as Mr. Roberts alleges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roberts was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('These are not the actions of a development agency .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the hands of government .','A development agency was wed to central planning and to the concentration of investment decisions .' ), 'Roberts alleges .')))

Input: The government said it would streamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network , Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares , or Conasupo .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the government said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It would streamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network .','It would streamline Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares .','It would streamline Conasupo .'))

Input: Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez was Conasupo Director .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said .', CO/LIST('The agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets .','The agency will sell several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year .')))

Input: The agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products , maintaining production of the two most important ones , corn and milk .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products .', CO/LIST('The agency is maintaining production of the two most important ones .','The agency is maintaining production of corn .','The agency is maintaining production of milk .'))

Input: But most economists doubt the streamlining would cut deeply into Conasupo government subsidy , which largely goes to reduce consumer prices for corn and milk .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But most economists doubt .','The streamlining would cut deeply into Conasupo government subsidy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for corn and milk .',', Conasupo government subsidy largely goes to reduce consumer prices .'))

Input: The Food and Drug Administration banned all imports of mushrooms from China in response to a rash of food-poisoning outbreaks linked to canned Chinese mushrooms .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was from China .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a rash of food-poisoning outbreaks .','Food-poisoning outbreaks were linked to canned Chinese mushrooms .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in response .','The Food and Drug Administration banned all imports of mushrooms .')))

Input: The agency wo n't allow mushrooms that were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant to enter the U.S. until satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent bacterial contamination .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The agency wo n't allow mushrooms .', SUB/PURPOSE('Mushrooms were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant .','This was to enter the U.S. until satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent bacterial contamination .'))

Input: On May 19 , the FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms in 68-ounce cans after more than 100 people in Mississippi , New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 68-ounce cans .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on May 19 .','The FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms .' ), 'More than 100 people in Mississippi , New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms .'))

Input: A spokesman for the Chinese Embassy here said that the Beijing government has taken many effective measures to stop the mushroom contamination and is further investigating the underlying causes .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy said .', SUB/PURPOSE('The Beijing government has taken many effective measures .','This was to stop the mushroom contamination .' ), 'A spokesman for the Chinese Embassy here is further investigating the underlying causes .'))

Input: Through these investigations we do not focus on the street drug user , but rather we target and attack major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is through these investigations .','We do not focus on the street drug user .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Rather we target and attack major drug-trafficking organizations .','Major drug-trafficking organizations control a large segment of the drug market .'))

Input: The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department -LRB- MPD -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in this area .','This was in the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department -LRB- MPD -RRB- .' ), 'The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts .')

Input: The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces and our contacts with local police squads handling drug-related crimes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces with local police squads .','This is through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through our contacts with local police squads .' ), 'Local police squads are handling drug-related crimes .' ), 'The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative .')

Input: In fact , we have agents assigned full time to assist the MPD in drug-related crimes such as homicide and other crimes of violence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fact .','We have agents .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in drug-related crimes such as homicide and other crimes of violence .','Agents were assigned full time to assist the MPD .'))

Input: Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring and extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong and Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Feb. 28 , 1990 was the deadline .', CO/LIST('Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring .', SUB/PURPOSE('Ramada Inc. extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 .','This was to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong and Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J .')))

Input: Revised terms call for each Ramada common share to be exchanged for $ 1 in cash , subject to possible reduction , and one share of Aztar common stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cash was subject to possible reduction .', SUB/PURPOSE('Revised terms call for each Ramada common share .','This was to be exchanged for $ 1 in cash and one share of Aztar common stock .'))

Input: The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears .', CO/DISJUNCTION('New World might demand a huge premium for the delay .','New World might scrap the deal entirely .'))

Input: Mr. Lee values the package at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share , based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lee values the package .','The package was based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks .')))

Input: In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas and Laughlin , Nev .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a group of private investors .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas .','This was as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Laughlin , Nev .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in May .','Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit .')))

Input: But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was on most issues rising about half a point .','This was on most issues rising $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .' ), 'This was with prices .' ), 'But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally .')

Input: A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings .','A sinking economy depresses thus stock prices .' ), 'It buoys bond prices as interest rates fall .')

Input: But A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research , said last week 's rally was a reflex reaction to the Oct. 13 stock market rout .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A.C. Moore was director of research at Argus Research .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what A.C. Moore said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Oct. 13 stock market rout .','Last week 's rally was a reflex reaction .')))

Input: Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall .', SUB/ELABORATION('The probability is .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the fourth quarter .','We 'll see negative economic growth .')))

Input: In late New York trading , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8578 marks and 142.43 yen late Friday .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in late New York trading .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 1.8578 marks late Friday .','This was compared with 142.43 yen late Friday .' )CO/LIST('The dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks .','The dollar was quoted at 141.90 yen .')))

Input: The Wall Street Journal American Way of Buying Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls conducted for the Journal by Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Wall Street Journal American Way of Buying Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by Peter D. Hart Research Associates .','This was by the Roper Organization .' ), 'Two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls were conducted for the Journal .'))

Input: The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from June 15 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to June 30 , 1989 .','The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older .'))

Input: The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from July 7 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to July 15 , 1989 .','The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older .'))

Input: -LRB- See related story : The American Way of Buying : Is Buying a Car a Choice or a Chore ? --
Prediction: NONE

Input: You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be dumb because you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 , $ 275 or $ 375 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Crandall was chairman of American 's parent .', SUB/ELABORATION('AMR Corp. was Robert Crandall .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was as having said that discount deals for big customers would be dumb because you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 .','This was as having said that discount deals for big customers would be dumb because you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 275 .','This was as having said that discount deals for big customers would be dumb because you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 375 .' ), 'You quote AMR Corp. .')))

Input: Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down and is one of the factors that ultimately shapes consumer trust in that industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down .', SUB/ELABORATION('Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader is one of the factors .','The factors ultimately shapes consumer trust in that industry .'))

Input: The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal and Better Homes and Gardens .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Des Moines-based publisher said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It created a new Custom Marketing Group .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as Ladies Home Journal .','This is such as Better Homes and Gardens .' ), 'A new Custom Marketing Group will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines .')))

Input: In addition , the group will create custom-designed media such as cookbooks , newspaper inserts and videos for ad campaigns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for ad campaigns .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .', CO/LIST('The group will create custom-designed media such as cookbooks .','The group will create custom-designed media such as newspaper inserts .','The group will create custom-designed media such as videos .')))

Input: Bill Murphy , director of the new marketing unit , said Meredith is negotiating other large-scale packages with leading companies in several product categories , but he would n't disclose their names .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bill Murphy was director of the new marketing unit .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bill Murphy said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with leading companies in several product categories .','Meredith is negotiating other large-scale packages .' ), 'He would n't disclose their names .')))

Input: Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sources close to the company and ad agencies .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what work with Meredith said .','Leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group .'))

Input: They may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the quickest offering the most extensive plan , he said .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for now .','They are the quickest .' ), 'The quickest is offering the most extensive plan .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Advertisers now say Help us improve our image and extend our selling season .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years , and 80 % in five years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 've been advising small businesses many years .', SUB/ELABORATION('I have lived with the fact .', CO/LIST('50 % will go out of business within two years .','50 % will go out of 80 % in five years .')))

Input: The economic loss , jobs lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation are beyond measure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The economic loss is jobs .','Jobs were lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation .' ), 'The economic loss are beyond measure .')

Input: A few months ago your paper reported the results of a study to determine why Asians who arrive in this country without any money , and unable to speak English , become overnight successes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A few months ago your paper reported the results of a study to determine why Asians become overnight successes .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is without any money .','Asians arrive in this country .' ), 'Asians unable to speak English .'))

Input: Their secret is that they gather a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Their secret is .', CO/LIST('They gather a small group of advisers around them .','They listen to what they have to say .','They prepare a business plan .' ), 'They are on their way .'))

Input: Mr. LaBonte 's departure follows by two months the resignation of Mark Goldston as senior vice president and chief marketing officer after only 11 months at Reebok .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('LaBonte is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is the resignation of Mark Goldston as senior vice president and chief marketing officer after only 11 months at Reebok .','LaBonte 's departure follows by two months .'))

Input: The resignations by the two executives , considered hard-charging and abrasive by Reebok insiders , reflect a difference in style with Paul Fireman , chairman and chief executive , according to several former executives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to several former executives .','The resignations by the two executives reflect a difference in style with Paul Fireman , chairman and chief executive .' ), 'The resignations by the two executives are considered hard-charging and abrasive by Reebok insiders .')

Input: A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a former executive agreed , adding .','The departures do n't reflect major problems .' )SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('You see any company .','Any company grows as fast as Reebok did .' ), 'It is going to have people coming and going .'))

Input: A spokesman said that neither Mr. Fireman nor Mr. LaBonte would be available for comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fireman was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman said .','Neither Fireman nor LaBonte would be available for comment .'))

Input: But even a raft of recent failures is n't stopping them from launching new publications .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from .','But even a raft of recent failures is n't stopping them .' ), 'But even a raft of recent failures are launching new publications .')

Input: But they are also talking about new magazines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For example , Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish Eating Well , a new food and health magazine due out next summer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .', CO/LIST('Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish Eating Well due out next summer .','Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish a new food due out next summer .','Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish health magazine due out next summer .'))

Input: New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 Months , a magazine for expectant mothers , and has already launched American Home .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('9 Months were a magazine for expectant mothers .', CO/LIST('New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 Months .','New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall has already launched American Home .'))

Input: And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids .','Time magazine was aimed at kids .'))

Input: Lang is cutting costs and will attempt to operate the magazine with only subscription revenue .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lang is cutting costs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with only subscription revenue .','Lang will attempt to operate the magazine .'))

Input: Publishers will find that some magazines have served their purpose and should die , he added .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They could be old or new , but they are magazines whose editorial quality needs to be improved .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They could be old or new .', SUB/ELABORATION('They are magazines .','Magazines 's editorial needs to be improved .'))

Input: MCA Inc. said its toy-making unit agreed to buy Buddy L Corp. , producer of a line of toy vehicles and preschool products .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MCA Inc. said .', CO/LIST('Its toy-making unit agreed to buy Buddy L Corp. .','Its toy-making unit agreed to buy producer of a line of toy vehicles .','Its toy-making unit agreed to buy preschool products .'))

Input: The price was n't disclosed , but an executive of LJN Toys Ltd. , the MCA unit , said the closely held Buddy L had annual sales in excess of $ 20 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The price was n't disclosed .', SUB/ELABORATION('LJN Toys Ltd. were the MCA unit .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an executive of LJN Toys Ltd. said .','The closely held Buddy L had annual sales in excess of $ 20 million .')))

Input: FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK DIED at 3 p.m. EDT , Oct. 8 , 1974 , and was promptly resurrected under new owners to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('3 p.m. EDT was Oct. 8 , 1974 .', CO/LIST('FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK DIED at 3 p.m. EDT .', SUB/PURPOSE('FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK was promptly resurrected under new owners .','This was to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession .')))

Input: Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve Board chairman , said the government 's luck in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented shock waves around the country and around the world .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arthur Burns was Federal Reserve Board chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Arthur Burns said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was around the country and around the world .','The government 's luck in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented shock waves .')))

Input: Massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt , with political undertones , including $ 1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Massive withdrawals followed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with political undertones .','There was a brief rescue attempt including $ 1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans .'))

Input: During 1976 to 1979 , other former Franklin officials either pleaded guilty to or were found guilty of violations including phony transactions to hide the bank 's losses .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during 1976 to 1979 .','Other former Franklin officials either pleaded guilty to .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during 1976 to 1979 .','Other former Franklin officials were found guilty of violations including phony transactions to hide the bank 's losses .'))

Input: Agreement , disapproval , boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects ' twist of a dial .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In another experiment , an elaborate chart with color codes reveals how people 's opinions were shaped -- and how they can be reshaped .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what an elaborate chart with color codes reveals in another experiment .', CO/LIST('How people 's opinions were shaped .','They can be reshaped .'))

Input: Much like their cohorts in political consulting and product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex or ambiguous matters , simplify their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is much like their cohorts in political consulting and product marketing .','The litigation advisers encourage their clients .' ), 'This was to play down complex or ambiguous matters , simplify their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice .')

Input: In any high-stakes case , you can be sure that one side or the other -- or even both -- is using litigation consultants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in any high-stakes case .','You can be sure .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('One side is using litigation consultants .','The other -- or even both -- is using litigation consultants .'))

Input: In real life , jurors may not always work that way , but some court observers question why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in real life .','Jurors may not always work that way .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some court observers question .','Why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to .'))

Input: But Mr. Zoeller also acknowledges that consultants can be very effective .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zoeller is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Zoeller acknowledges .',', Consultants can be very effective .'))

Input: The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals -LCB- in political cases -RCB- get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was ironically .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before .',', Sophisticated trial consulting grew from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s .' ), ', Sophisticated trial consulting was finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases .'))

Input: The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thomas Barr was IBM trial lawyers .', SUB/PURPOSE('The problem for Thomas Barr and David Boies was .','This was to make such a highly technical case understandable .'))

Input: The solution devised by the professor was to hire six people who would mirror the actual jury demographically , sit in on the trial and report their reactions to him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The solution devised by the professor was to hire six people .', CO/LIST(', Six people would mirror the actual jury demographically .',', Six people would sit in on the trial .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to him .',', Six people would report their reactions .')))

Input: He then briefed Messrs. Boies and Barr , who had the chance to tilt their next day 's presentation accordingly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Boies was Messrs. .','He then briefed Boies and Barr .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Boies was Messrs. .','Boies and Barr had the chance to tilt their next day 's presentation accordingly .'))

Input: Mr. Vinson , the professor , got the law bug and formed Litigation Sciences .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vinson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Vinson was the professor .', CO/LIST('Vinson got the law bug .','Vinson formed Litigation Sciences .')))

Input: What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences , at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars , to poll , pre-try , profile and shadow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a cost of several hundred thousand dollars .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to poll , pre-try , profile and shadow .','Energy Transportation retained Litigation Sciences .'))

Input: The jurors , who did n't know which side had retained them , decided for Energy Transportation , and awarded $ 500 million in damages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The jurors decided for Energy Transportation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in damages .','The jurors awarded $ 500 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The jurors did n't know .',', Side had retained them .')))

Input: And to the uninitiated , some of the firm 's approaches may seem chillingly manipulative .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Instead , Mr. Vinson says , interviews with thousands of jurors reveal that they start with firmly entrenched attitudes and try to shoe-horn the facts of the case to fit their views .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vinson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what interviews with thousands of jurors reveal .', CO/LIST('They start with firmly entrenched attitudes .','They try to shoe-horn the facts of the case to fit their views .')))

Input: Such people also typically hold negative attitudes toward the physically handicapped , the poor , blacks and women .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The physically handicapped was the poor , blacks and women .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is toward the physically handicapped .',', Such people also typically hold negative attitudes .'))

Input: In one personal-injury case , a woman claimed she had been injured when she slipped in a pool , but the fall did n't explain why one of her arms was discolored bluish .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a woman claimed in one personal-injury case .', SUB/ELABORATION(', She had been injured .',', She slipped in a pool .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The fall did n't explain .','One of her arms was discolored bluish .')))

Input: The ideal defense in a case involving an accident is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her plight , Mr. Vinson has written .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vinson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The ideal defense in a case is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her plight , Vinson has written .','A case was involving an accident .'))

Input: Studies show , the consultants say , that people absorb information better and remember it longer if they receive it visually .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Studies show .','This is what the consultants say .' )CO/LIST('People absorb information better .','People remember it longer if they receive it visually .'))

Input: Supporters acknowledge that the process aims to manipulate , but they insist that the best trial lawyers have always employed similar tactics .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what supporters acknowledge .','The process aims to manipulate .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they insist .','The best trial lawyers have always employed similar tactics .'))

Input: They may not have been able to articulate it all , but they did it , says Stephen Gillers , a legal ethics expert at New York University law school .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Others point out that lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment -- and used that to advantage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Others point out .', CO/LIST('Lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment .', SUB/PURPOSE('Lawyers in small communities have always used .','This was to advantage .')))

Input: He says he used consultants in the case but found them to be virtually useless .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the case .','He used consultants .' ), 'He found them to be virtually useless .'))

Input: And the question remains whether the jury system can maintain its integrity while undergoing such a skillful massage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the question remains .', CO/CONTRAST('The jury system can maintain its integrity while .','The jury system is undergoing such a skillful massage .'))

Input: -LRB- Some courts release names and addresses , and researchers can drive by houses , look up credit ratings , and even question neighbors . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('-LRB- Some courts release names -RRB- .','-LRB- Some courts release addresses . -RRB- .' )CO/LIST('-LRB- researchers can drive by houses , look up credit ratings . -RRB- .','-LRB- researchers can drive by houses , look up even question neighbors . -RRB- .'))

Input: Mr. Boies , the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson 's services , cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning -LRB- known as voir dire -RRB- or giving out personal information about the jurors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boies was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Boies was the first lawyer to use Vinson 's services .','Boies cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning -LRB- known as voir dire -RRB- or giving out personal information about the jurors .'))

Input: In the battle to supply desktop computers for researchers and design engineers , most of the attention is given to the biggest competitors : Sun Microsystems Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Digital Equipment Corp. , which make computers mainly aimed at a wide range of engineering and scientific needs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the battle to supply desktop computers for researchers and design engineers .', CO/LIST('Most of the attention is given to the biggest competitors .','Most of the attention is given to Sun Microsystems Inc. .','Most of the attention is given to Hewlett-Packard Co. .','Most of the attention is given to Digital Equipment Corp. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Digital Equipment Corp. make computers .',', Computers were aimed at a wide range of engineering and scientific needs .')))

Input: Though Silicon Graphics is much smaller than Digital , Hewlett and Sun , it has emerged in recent years as a feared adversary in this graphics portion of the workstation market .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Silicon Graphics is much smaller than Digital , Hewlett and Sun .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a feared adversary in this graphics portion of the workstation market .','It has emerged in recent years .'))

Input: That something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 100 to the $ 600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the $ 600 or so consumers .','That something could add as much as $ 100 now pay for lower-priced refrigerators .' ), 'It is That something .')

Input: CFCs are the primary ingredient in a gas , often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon , which is compressed to liquid form to serve as the cooling agent in refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', CFCs are the primary ingredient in a gas .','A gas was often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('A gas is compressed to liquid form .','A gas was often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon .' ), 'This was to serve as the cooling agent in refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment .'))

Input: But even though by some estimates it might cost the world as much as $ 100 billion between now and the year 2000 to convert to other coolants , foaming agents and solvents and to redesign equipment for these less efficient substitutes , the Montreal Protocol 's legions of supporters say it is worth it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by some estimates .', CO/LIST('It might cost the world as much as $ 100 billion between now .','It might cost the world the year 2000 .' ), 'This is to convert to other coolants , foaming agents and solvents and to redesign equipment for these less efficient substitutes .' ), 'But , the Montreal Protocol 's legions of supporters say it is worth it .'))

Input: Hence , as they see it , if something is n't done earthlings will become ever more subject to sunburn and skin cancer .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(', Something is n't done .', SUB/ELABORATION('They see it .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is hence .','Earthlings will become ever more subject to sunburn and skin cancer .')))

Input: But the nature of the problem is such that many others feel it has to be addressed soon , before all the evidence is in .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the nature of the problem is such .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many others feel .','It has to be addressed soon , before all the evidence is in .'))

Input: But does it have to be so soon ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it is generally agreed .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to stratosphere .',', CFCs rise from earth .' )CO/LIST('The chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules .','The chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split form ozone .')))

Input: Moreover , surely someone has noticed that household refrigerators are closed systems , running for many years without either the CFC gas or the insulation ever escaping .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was surely .','Moreover someone has noticed .' )CO/LIST('Household refrigerators are closed systems .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without either the CFC gas or the insulation ever escaping .','Household refrigerators were running for many years .')))

Input: Mr. Teagan cites a list of substitutes but none , so far , match the nonflammable , nontoxic CFCs .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Teagan is Mr. .','Teagan cites a list of substitutes .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is so far .','None match the nonflammable , nontoxic CFCs .'))

Input: Butane and propane can be used as coolants , for example , but are flammable .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','Butane and propane can be used as coolants .' ), 'Butane and propane are flammable .')

Input: Freon , introduced in 1930 , revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','Freon revolutionized America .' ), 'Freon was introduced in 1930 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Freon was making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all .','Freon was introduced in 1930 .'))

Input: One answer is that big companies are growing weary of fighting environmental movements and are trying instead to cash in on them , although they never care to put it quite that way .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One answer is .', CO/LIST('Big companies are growing weary of fighting environmental movements .', CO/CONTRAST('Big companies are trying instead to cash in on them .','They never care to put it quite that way .')))

Input: Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. also has one , and is building a plant in Louisiana to produce it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. also has one .', SUB/PURPOSE('Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. is building a plant in Louisiana .','This is to produce it .'))

Input: Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets , of course .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','Japanese chemical companies are at work .' )CO/LIST('Japanese chemical companies are developing their own substitutes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','Japanese chemical companies are hoping to conquer new markets .')))

Input: That tends to tilt the public debate toward solutions even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats and the insistence of urgency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is toward solutions .', CO/LIST('That tends to tilt the public debate even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats .','That tends to tilt the public debate even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the insistence of urgency .'))

Input: Consumers pay the bill for all this in the price of a refrigerator or an air-conditioned car .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is in the price of a refrigerator .','This is in the price of an air-conditioned car .' ), ', Consumers pay the bill for all this .')

Input: but worries about 1990 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills .','This was to boost the minimum wage .' ), 'Measures in 19 other states were defeated .')

Input: Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for tiny concerns .','This was for a lower training rate .' ), ', Small-business lobbyists won an exclusion .'))

Input: In 17 central states , one small-business count shows lawmakers adopted only three of 46 bills mandating health coverage or parental leave .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in 17 central states .','One small-business count shows .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Lawmakers adopted only three of 46 bills .', CO/DISJUNCTION('46 bills were mandating health coverage .','46 bills were mandating parental leave .')))

Input: The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill , which Gov. James Thompson vetoed , and Iowa and Tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill .', SUB/ELABORATION('James Thompson was Gov. .','James Thompson vetoed a parental-leave bill .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Iowa and Tennessee amended laws .','This was to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams .')))

Input: Only two states -- Vermont and Washington -- this year joined five others requiring private employers to grant leaves of absence to employees with newborn or adopted infants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Only two states -- Vermont and Washington -- this year joined five others .', SUB/PURPOSE('Five others were requiring private employers .','This was to grant leaves of absence to employees with newborn or adopted infants .'))

Input: They also support a tax credit for employers to offset the cost of hiring and training workers who temporarily replace employees on parental leave .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They also support a tax credit for employers to offset the cost of hiring and training workers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on parental leave .','The cost of hiring and training workers temporarily replace employees .'))

Input: The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $ 25,000 and consulting and temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $ 25,000 -- .','The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under consulting and temporary services -- .' )CO/LIST('$ 25,000 often go to the smaller concerns .',', Consulting and temporary services -- often go to the smaller concerns .'))

Input: But in Washington state , small business generally opposes an initiative to boost spending on children 's programs by $ 360 million , fearing the state 's 7.8 % sales tax will be raised to finance the outlays .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering that an area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- wo n't be without some costs as they alter stationery , among other things , and notify customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering .', SUB/ELABORATION('An area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- wo n't be without some costs .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other things .','They alter stationery .' ), 'They notify customers .')))

Input: Wessels & Pautsch , a small St. Charles law firm , plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wessels & Pautsch was a small St. Charles law firm .', CO/LIST('Wessels & Pautsch plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone .','Wessels & Pautsch plans to mail 500 customers a list of fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards .'))

Input: With some new rules , state officials say they made it easier -- and faster -- to sell new franchises whose terms stray from those in state-registered contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what state officials say with some new rules .', SUB/ELABORATION('They made it easier -- and faster -- to sell new franchises .','New franchises 's terms stray from those in state-registered contracts .'))

Input: Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million , $ 200,000 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is $ 200,000 .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million annual income .',', Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of recent experience in the business area of the franchise .' ), 'The franchise was being sold .'))

Input: But critics consider the changes regressive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He argues California regulators historically have misinterpreted their law -- and he says negotiated sales that are n't pre-registered have been legal all along .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he argues .',', California regulators historically have misinterpreted their law .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('Negotiated sales have been legal all along .','Negotiated sales are n't pre-registered .')))

Input: A new Maryland law frees store owners of liability if a customer trips or otherwise gets hurt on the way to the restroom ... .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('A new Maryland law frees store owners of liability ... .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A customer trips .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the restroom .','A customer gets hurt on the way .')))

Input: By 52%-36 % , Tennessee NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('NFIB is Tennessee .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the state .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by 52 % .','-36 % , NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities .')))

Input: About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system wedged cheek-to-jowl into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited forlornly for buses yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system wedged cheek-to-jowl into subways .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on major freeways .','About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system sat in traffic jams .' ), 'About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system waited forlornly for buses yesterday .')

Input: But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was than normal .','The Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers .'))

Input: Officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what officials suspect .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by major employers .','That traffic benefited from steps .' ), 'This was to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home .'))

Input: Storm flooding caused back-ups on the freeway , and many commuters had to find rides to BART 's stations , because parking lots were full before dawn .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the freeway .',', Storm flooding caused back-ups .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to BART 's stations .','Many commuters had to find rides , because parking lots were full before dawn .'))

Input: Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes an hour and 15 minutes , via the Golden Gate Bridge , which connects San Francisco with the North Bay area .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is via the Golden Gate Bridge .', CO/LIST('Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes an hour .','Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes 15 minutes .' ), 'The Golden Gate Bridge connects San Francisco with the North Bay area .'))

Input: But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 8 a.m. .','Traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate .' ), 'But it already had thinned out .')

Input: I think a lot of people got scared and stayed home .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .', CO/LIST('A lot of people got scared .','A lot of people stayed home .'))

Input: The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday , but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as normally .','The Golden Gate handled as many cars yesterday .' ), 'The Golden Gate over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush .')

Input: Pacific Gas & Electric Co. is offering its 6,000 San Francisco employees a two-tier flextime schedule -- either 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer and kicked it around -- symbolically , anyway -- like an old tin can .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is anyway .','Garry Kasparov kicked it around -- symbolically -- like an old tin can .'))

Input: And when Mr. Kasparov strode into the playing hall , he called the outcome .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov strode into the playing hall .','And , he called the outcome .'))

Input: D.T. also has a prodigious and flawless memory , is utterly fearless , and could n't be distracted by the sexy nude sculptures spread around the playing hall , in the New York Academy of Art .
Prediction: CO/LIST('D.T. also has a prodigious and flawless memory .','D.T. is utterly fearless .', SUB/ELABORATION('D.T. could n't be distracted by the sexy nude sculptures .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the New York Academy of Art .','The sexy nude sculptures were spread around the playing hall .')))

Input: They conceded that the odds favored Mr. Kasparov , but they put their hope in D.T. 's recently enhanced capacity for examining positions -- up to a million per second , from 720,000 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they conceded .','The odds favored Kasparov .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in D.T. 's recently enhanced capacity for examining positions -- up to a million per second , from 720,000 .','They put their hope .')))

Input: No human can examine millions of moves , but Mr. Kasparov , using his ineffably powerful brain , consistently found very good ones .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('No human can examine millions of moves .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov consistently found very good ones .','Kasparov was using his ineffably powerful brain .')))

Input: But the computer did n't play Mr. Short 's ninth move , a key pawn thrust , and its position deteriorated rapidly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Short was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Short 's ninth move was a key pawn thrust .', CO/LIST('But the computer did n't play Short 's ninth move .','But the computer did n't play its position deteriorated rapidly .')))

Input: Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights , but in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov was this case Mr. .','In Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight .' ), 'D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity .'))

Input: Such evaluations met with derision , and kept the machine from resigning as soon as humans would have -- prompting more derision .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Such evaluations met with derision .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from .',', Such evaluations kept the machine .' )CO/LIST(', Such evaluations were resigning as soon as humans would have .','Prompting more derision .')))

Input: While D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch , Mr. Kasparov maneuvered the knight to a dominant outpost .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a dominant outpost .','Kasparov maneuvered the knight .')))

Input: This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a broader range of plausible replies .','This left the computer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the neglect of kingside development .','It immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn .'))

Input: In such positions , he explained , you have to create something new , and the computer is n't able to do that right now .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in such positions .','He explained , you have to create something new .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in such positions .','He explained , the computer is n't able to do that right now .'))

Input: And when a defensive move was called for , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A defensive move was called for .', CO/LIST('And , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to immediate tactical threats .','And , D.T. instead exposed its queen .')))

Input: Mr. Kasparov 's continuation was slower but , in the end , just as deadly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the end .','Kasparov 's continuation was slower but just as deadly .'))

Input: He won D.T. 's queen for two minor pieces and two pawns -- not enough compensation , in this position , to give the computer much hope .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for two minor pieces .','This was for two pawns -- not enough compensation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in this position .','He won D.T. 's queen .' ), 'This was to give the computer much hope .'))

Input: And Mr. Kasparov , to cheers and applause , marched back into the analysis room .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kasparov was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to cheers and applause .','And Kasparov marched back into the analysis room .'))

Input: But nearly 3 1\/2 years later , Merrill says the investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 2 % on Dr. Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Blumenfeld is % on Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Merrill says .', SUB/ELABORATION('The investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount .', SUB/ELABORATION('An amount represents an annual return of just over 2 .','Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 just over 2 .'))))

Input: Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent , and Dr. Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent .', SUB/ELABORATION('Blumenfeld was Dr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise .','The premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance .')))

Input: The tip-off came when he opened a recent Merrill Lynch statement and found that the CD 's estimated current market value had plummeted by $ 9,000 in a month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The tip-off came .', CO/LIST('He opened a recent Merrill Lynch statement .', SUB/ELABORATION('He found .','The CD 's estimated current market value had plummeted by $ 9,000 in a month .')))

Input: Several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later , the dentist found out that the $ 9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD , and that the amount was n't insured .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later .','The dentist found out .' ), 'The $ 9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD , and that the amount was n't insured .')

Input: He assumed that principal and interest were fully insured up to $ 100,000 , he adds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('He did n't understand .','He was buying the CD on the secondary market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But he contends .','His broker never fully explained the risks .')))

Input: Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated .', SUB/ELABORATION('You should discuss any questions .','You may have with your financial consultant any questions .'))

Input: Dr. Blumenfeld says he does n't remember the paragraph about premiums in the fact sheet he received and did n't realize part of what he paid was a premium .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Blumenfeld was Dr. .', CO/LIST('Blumenfeld says he does n't remember the paragraph about premiums in the fact sheet he received .','Blumenfeld says he does n't remember the paragraph about premiums in the fact sheet he did n't realize part of what he paid was a premium .'))

Input: Most zero-coupon CDs are in maturities of six to nine years , and they usually double in value by maturity .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to nine years .','Most zero-coupon CDs are in maturities of six .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by maturity .','They usually double in value .'))

Input: But investors who bought zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But investors is n't insured .', SUB/ELABORATION('Investors bought .', SUB/ELABORATION('Zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones .','The only ones may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments .')))

Input: However , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs , and the simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','Those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','The simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid .'))

Input: And he says he 's learned a lesson : You always have to watch out for yourself .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','He 's learned a lesson .' ), 'You always have to watch out for yourself .')

Input: In particular , many are snubbing the scotch preferred by their parents and opting for bourbon , the sweet firewater from the Kentucky countryside .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bourbon was the sweet firewater from the Kentucky countryside .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in particular .','Many are snubbing the scotch preferred by their parents .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in particular .','Many are opting for bourbon .')))

Input: If you want to be a player , you have to be in America , Europe and the Far East .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You want to be a player .', CO/LIST('You have to be in America .','You have to be in Europe .','You have to be in the Far East .'))

Input: But the shift has also been fueled by necessity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: California wineries , benefiting from lowered trade barriers and federal marketing subsidies , are expanding aggressively into Japan , as well as Canada and Great Britain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While U.S. makers of vodka , rum and other spirits compete against powerhouses abroad , trade agreements prohibit any other country from making bourbon .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('U.S. makers of vodka , rum and other spirits compete against powerhouses abroad .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from .','Trade agreements prohibit any other country .' ), 'Trade agreements are making bourbon .'))

Input: We imagine with bourbon the Wild West , Western motion pictures and gunmen appearing , says Kenji Kishimoto , vice president of Suntory International Corp. , a division of Suntory Ltd. , Japan 's largest liquor company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year , according to Jobson ; no other category had more than 19 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Jobson .','It represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year .' ), 'No other category had more than 19 % .'))

Input: Jim Beam Brands Co. , a division of American Brands Inc. , is the leading exporter of bourbon and produces 10 other types of liquor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jim Beam Brands Co. are a division of American Brands Inc. .', CO/LIST('Jim Beam Brands Co. is the leading exporter of bourbon .','Jim Beam Brands Co. produces 10 other types of liquor .'))

Input: Bourbon exporters have succeeded in Japan where other industries have failed , avoiding cultural hitches in marketing and distribution by allying themselves with local agents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bourbon exporters have succeeded in Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by allying themselves with local agents .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in marketing and distribution .','Other industries have failed , avoiding cultural hitches .')))

Input: West Germans get glitz , with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is with bourbon in the foreground .','This is with a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background .' ), 'West Germans get glitz .')

Input: Revenue at the broadcasting unit , consisting of the network and stations , advanced 11 % , to $ 838 million from $ 752.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 752.9 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 838 million .','Revenue at the broadcasting unit , consisting of the network and stations , advanced 11 % .'))

Input: Weyerhaeuser said its paneling business employs about 300 workers at two facilities in Chesapeake , Va. , and Hancock , Vt .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Weyerhaeuser said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is at two facilities in Chesapeake , Va. , and Hancock .', SUB/ELABORATION('About 300 workers are Vt .','Its paneling business employs about 300 workers .')))

Input: The company said the plant will ensure that it has adequate energy for the mill and will reduce the mill 's energy costs .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The plant will ensure .', CO/LIST('It has adequate energy for the mill .','It will reduce the mill 's energy costs .')))

Input: Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp called on the Federal Reserve System to lower interest rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Kemp was Urban Development Secretary .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to lower interest rates .', CO/LIST('Housing called on the Federal Reserve System .','Jack Kemp called on the Federal Reserve System .')))

Input: McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what McDonald 's Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a hefty sales gain .','Third-quarter earnings rose 14 % .' ), 'Domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement .'))

Input: But sales for U.S. franchisees were flat at best on a per-store basis despite weak 1988 figures .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was overseas .', CO/LIST('Both franchisees performed substantially better than a year ago .','The company performed substantially better than a year ago .'))

Input: The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fall 1991 .', CO/LIST('The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 .','The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in the third .' ), 'The second ship is half-completed .'))

Input: The others will probably be delivered as well , but Carnival will likely have to pay a higher price for them .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The others will probably be delivered as well .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for them .',', Carnival will likely have to pay a higher price .'))

Input: Eaton Corp. had a 26 % drop in third-quarter profit mainly because of lower sales of truck parts , its largest and most profitable single business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Truck parts were its largest and most profitable single business .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was mainly because of lower sales of truck parts .','Eaton Corp. had a 26 % drop in third-quarter profit .'))

Input: Third-quarter net was $ 40 million , or $ 1.04 a share , from $ 54.4 million , or $ 1.47 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 54.4 million .','This was from $ 1.47 a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter net was $ 40 million .','Third-quarter net was $ 1.04 a share .')))

Input: Eaton said sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % to $ 295 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Eaton said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 295 million .',', Sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % .'))

Input: Sales of parts for cars and construction vehicles rose .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Eaton does n't provide profit figures separately for each category , but operating profit for vehicle parts as a group fell 26 % to $ 51 million on an about 1 % drop in sales to $ 488 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Eaton does n't provide profit figures separately for each category .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 51 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on an about 1 % drop in sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 488 million .','Operating profit for vehicle parts as a group fell 26 % .'))))

Input: Operating profit from electrical and electronics controls , Eaton 's other major business group , fell 11 % to $ 32 million , despite a 7.7 % increase in sales to $ 376 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eaton 's other major business group was operating profit from electrical and electronics controls .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 32 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 376 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite a 7.7 % increase in sales .','Operating profit from electrical and electronics controls fell 11 % .'))))

Input: The company attributed the decline to weakness in the commercial-switch market in North America and in the European appliance-controls market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to weakness .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the commercial-switch market .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in North America and in the European appliance-controls market .','The company attributed the decline .')))

Input: For the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 170.6 million , or $ 4.54 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million -- was $ 170.6 million .','Net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million -- was $ 4.54 a share .' ), '$ 17.7 million was related to settlement of a lawsuit .')))

Input: Eaton earned from continuing operations $ 165.1 million , or $ 4.40 a share , down 7 % from $ 177.5 million , or $ 4.76 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 7 % from $ 177.5 million , or $ 4.76 a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Eaton earned from continuing operations $ 165.1 million .','Eaton earned from continuing operations $ 4.40 a share .'))

Input: In Poland 's rapid shift from socialism to an undefined alternative , environmental issues have become a cutting edge of broader movements to restructure the economy , cut cumbersome bureaucracies , and democratize local politics .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from socialism .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to an undefined alternative .','This was in Poland 's rapid shift .' ), 'Environmental issues have become a cutting edge of broader movements to restructure the economy , cut cumbersome bureaucracies , and democratize local politics .'))

Input: The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry , the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , and the Polish Ecological Club , and was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry , as well as Hungarians , Czechs , Russians , Japanese and Americans .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The conference was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry .','The conference was co-sponsored by the Rockefeller Brothers Fund .','The conference was co-sponsored by the Polish Ecological Club .' ), 'The conference was held in Lower Silesia .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The conference was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry , as well as Hungarians , Czechs , Russians , Japanese and Americans .','The conference was held in Lower Silesia .'))

Input: Even more remarkably , it focused on emissions trading and similar market approaches to address pollution , notwithstanding Poland 's lack of functioning markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to address pollution .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was even more remarkably .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was notwithstanding Poland 's lack of functioning markets .', CO/LIST('It focused on emissions trading .','It focused on similar market approaches .'))))

Input: Between 1965 and 1985 , Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters , while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was between 1965 and 1985 .','Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters .' ), 'Those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled .')

Input: Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- a -RRB- Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; -LRB- b -RRB- planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and -LRB- c -RRB- the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from -LRB- a -RRB- Marxist devaluation of environmental resources .',', Conference participants saw -LRB- b -RRB- planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government .',', Conference participants saw -LRB- c -RRB- the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West .' ), 'Environmental resources are not produced by labor .')

Input: They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('True ownership was genuine competition based on market factors .','True ownership was the risk of bankruptcy .' ), 'A business makes the wrong decisions .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they noted .','Environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership .'))

Input: The solutions they formally proposed included lead\/sulfur taxes , conservation and recycling incentives , reforestation offsets , transferable pollution permits , an ecological bank to finance pollution-reduction credits , and debt-for-environment swaps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The solutions included lead\/sulfur taxes .','The solutions included conservation and recycling incentives .','The solutions included reforestation offsets .','The solutions included transferable pollution permits .','The solutions included an ecological bank to finance pollution-reduction credits .','The solutions included debt-for-environment swaps .' ), 'They formally proposed The solutions .')

Input: But their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry from the state , making it fully accountable for pollution control .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the state .','But their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry .' ), 'But their most fundamental recommendation was making it fully accountable for pollution control .')

Input: And the Poles are engaged in commerce .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Faced with a $ 40 billion foreign debt and skyrocketing inflation , Poland must privatize industry and eliminate subsidies to stabilize its currency and qualify for international assistance .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Poland is faced with a $ 40 billion foreign debt .','Poland is faced with skyrocketing inflation .' )CO/LIST('Poland must privatize industry .','Poland must eliminate subsidies to stabilize its currency and qualify for international assistance .'))

Input: But it could also accelerate marketization by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','But it could also accelerate marketization .' ), 'But it is reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects .')

Input: For once information flows , public participation follows and repression becomes difficult to reimpose .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for once information flows .','Public participation follows .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for once information flows .','Repression becomes difficult to reimpose .'))

Input: One participant prematurely declared that America has had a free market in goods but a planned economy for environmental protection , while Poland represents the opposite .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one participant declared .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in goods but a planned economy .','America has had a free market for environmental protection .' ), 'Poland represents the opposite .'))

Input: At the moment , Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with antiquated production , inadequate environmental management , and little ecological awareness .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the moment .', CO/LIST('Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with antiquated production .','Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with inadequate environmental management .','Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with little ecological awareness .'))

Input: Mr. Levin , former head of EPA 's regulatory reform staff , adapted this from his November column for the Journal of the Air and Waste Management Association .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Levin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Levin was former head of EPA 's regulatory reform staff .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from his November column .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the Journal of the Air and Waste Management Association .','Levin adapted this .'))))

Input: Disappointing earnings news from some technology companies unnerved investors in the over-the-counter market , who sold shares of Apple Computer , Intel and many other computer-related concerns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the over-the-counter market .','Disappointing earnings news from some technology companies unnerved investors .' )CO/LIST('The over-the-counter market sold shares of Apple Computer .','The over-the-counter market sold shares of Intel .','The over-the-counter market sold shares of many other computer-related concerns .'))

Input: But Charlie Howley , vice president in charge of OTC trading at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. , said the selling was orderly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. .',', Charlie Howley was vice president in charge of OTC trading .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Charlie Howley said .','The selling was orderly .'))

Input: But some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by investors .','But some of it also represented profit-taking .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in some issues .','Investors have made big gains .'))

Input: SIBV-MS Holdings is a new company jointly owned by an affiliate of Jefferson Smurfit and a Morgan Stanley limited partnership .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', SIBV-MS Holdings is a new company .', CO/LIST('A new company was owned by an affiliate of Jefferson Smurfit .','A new company was owned by an affiliate of a Morgan Stanley limited partnership .'))

Input: He predicted that the most popular growth companies will be those with some kind of unique product or franchise that makes them appear able to sustain their momentum .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He predicted .', SUB/ELABORATION('The most popular growth companies will be those with some kind of unique product or franchise .', SUB/ELABORATION('Those with some kind of unique product or franchise makes .','Them appear able to sustain their momentum .')))

Input: Other favorites of growth-stock analysts and money managers also had a mixed session .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Amgen rose 2 1\/4 to 54 3\/4 on almost 800,000 shares , and CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 on only 1,000 shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on almost 800,000 shares .','Amgen rose 21\/4 to 543\/4 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on only 1,000 shares .',', CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 .'))

Input: These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment , our media , our politicians , and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment .','These beliefs so dominate our media .','These beliefs so dominate our politicians .','These beliefs so dominate even our parents .' ), 'It seems almost blasphemous to challenge them .')

Input: But what do we mean , specifically , by creativity ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The whole notion of creativity in education was -LRB- and is -RRB- part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction , which was -LRB- and is -RRB- regarded as authoritarian , a repression and frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful , if as yet undefined , potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The whole notion of creativity in education was -LRB- and is -RRB- part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against disciplined instruction .','The whole notion of creativity in education was -LRB- and is -RRB- part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against a repression .','The whole notion of creativity in education was -LRB- and is -RRB- part and parcel of a romantic rebellion against frustration of the latent talents and the wonderful , if as yet undefined , potentialities inherent in the souls of all our children .' ), 'Disciplined instruction was -LRB- and is -RRB- regarded as authoritarian .')

Input: Fortunately , these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood , and they have enough common sense to know what that demands .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is fortunately .','These same parents do want their children .' ), 'This was to get a decent education as traditionally understood .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is fortunately .','They have enough common sense to know what that demands .'))

Input: Progressive education -LRB- as it was once called -RRB- is far more interesting and agreeable to teachers than is disciplined instruction .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also provides teachers with a superior self-definition as a profession , since they will have passed courses in educational psychology and educational philosophy .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a superior self-definition as a profession .','It also provides teachers .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in educational psychology .','This was in educational philosophy .' ), 'They will have passed courses .'))

Input: I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I know many schoolteachers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the whole .','They are seriously committed to conscientious teaching .'))

Input: They may not be among the best and brightest of their generation -- there are very few such people , by definition .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They may not be among the best and brightest of their generation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by definition .','There are very few such people .'))

Input: But they need not be to do their jobs well .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If we wish to be serious about American education , we know exactly what to do -- and , just as important , what not to do .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('We wish to be serious about American education .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we know .','Exactly what to do -- and , just as important , what not to do .'))

Input: There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the poorest of ghettos , and they are all sending us the same message .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This nation was some of them .', SUB/ELABORATION('There are many successful schools .','Many successful schools were scattered throughout this nation in the poorest of ghettos .' ), 'They are all sending us the same message .'))

Input: Conversely , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is conversely .','There are the majority of unsuccessful schools .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we know .','Which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand .'))

Input: Whether desirable or not , this is a child-care program , not an educational program .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly washed away .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we know .','Very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade .' ), 'Afterward the difference is quickly washed away .')

Input: Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n't work : -- Parental involvement is a bad idea .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms .', CO/LIST('Those education reforms do work .','Those education reforms do n't work .' ), 'Parental involvement is a bad idea .'))

Input: Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is generally corrupt .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is especially in our larger cities .','Locally elected school boards become the prey of ambitious and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians .'))

Input: The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure , which busies itself piling more and more paper work on the teachers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the teachers .','The already top-heavy administrative structure busies itself piling more and more paper work .'))

Input: There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures -LRB- in real terms -RRB- have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century -- we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world -- educational performance has declined .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact .', SUB/ELABORATION('Educational expenditures -LRB- in real terms -RRB- have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is than any other country in the world .','-- we now spend more per pupil .' ), '-- educational performance has declined .')))

Input: They are based on dubious psychological and sociological theories rather than on educational experience .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is over the faculty .','This is over the curriculum .','This is over all matters of student discipline .' ), '-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority .')

Input: Study after study -- the most recent from the Brookings Institution -- tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Study after study -- the most recent from the Brookings Institution -- tells us .', SUB/ELABORATION('The best schools are those .', CO/LIST('Those are free of outside interference .','Those are governed by a powerful head .')))

Input: Schools that are structured in this way produce students with higher morale and superior academic performance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with higher morale .','This is with superior academic performance .' ), ', Schools produce students .' ), ', Schools are structured in this way .')

Input: Mr. Kristol , an American Enterprise Institute fellow , co-edits The Public Interest and publishes The National Interest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kristol is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Public Interest is The .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kristol is an American Enterprise Institute fellow .', CO/LIST('Kristol co-edits Public Interest .','Kristol publishes National Interest .'))))

Input: The company unveiled more than 50 products , mostly software , that are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation -- the plant floor , design operations and production planning .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('More than 50 products were mostly software .', CO/LIST('The company unveiled more than 50 products -- the plant floor .','The company unveiled more than 50 products -- design operations .','The company unveiled more than 50 products -- production planning .' ), 'Mostly software are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation .'))

Input: The aim , ultimately , is to increase the flow of information into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use in business planning , marketing and other operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in business planning .','This is in marketing .','This is in other operations .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is ultimately .','The aim is to increase the flow of information .')))

Input: IBM 's announcement , which was expected and will formally be made to customers today , also marks an attempt to gain credibility on the plant floor , where Digital Equipment Corp. has long dominated and where Hewlett-Packard Co. has recently gained market share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what IBM 's announcement marks an attempt to gain credibility on the plant floor .','Where Digital Equipment Corp. has long dominated and where Hewlett-Packard Co. has recently gained market share .' )CO/LIST('IBM 's announcement was expected .','IBM 's announcement will formally be made to customers today .'))

Input: He said he believes IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems and was n't just selling technology .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed .','It was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems .' ), 'IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry was n't just selling technology .')))

Input: IBM 's manufacturing staff also will be able to provide software that IBM has developed internally and will be able to form teams with a customer to jointly solve manufacturing problems .
Prediction: NONE

Input: IBM can obviously bring its expertise to bear on problems related to computer manufacturing , but it could also help customers on software to deal with such things as changes in engineering documents .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('IBM can obviously bring its expertise to bear on problems .','Problems were related to computer manufacturing .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on software .','It could also help customers .' ), 'This is to deal with such things as changes in engineering documents .'))

Input: Japan 's Big Four securities firms posted first-half unconsolidated results that mirrored softer performance as a result of slower turnover on the Tokyo Stock Exchange during July and August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Japan 's Big Four securities firms posted first-half unconsolidated results .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of slower turnover on the Tokyo Stock Exchange .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during July and August .','First-half unconsolidated results mirrored softer performance .')))

Input: Figures for the period ended Sept. 30 for the four largest brokerage firms -- Nomura Securities Co. , Daiwa Securities Co. , Yamaichi Securities Co. and Nikko Securities -- also reflected a changeover to a fiscal year ending March 31 , replacing the 12-month term formerly finishing Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Figures for the period ended Sept. 30 .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a fiscal year .','A fiscal year was ending March 31 .' ), 'The four largest brokerage firms -- Nomura Securities Co. , Daiwa Securities Co. , Yamaichi Securities Co. and Nikko Securities -- also reflected a changeover .' ), 'The four largest brokerage firms -- Nomura Securities Co. , Daiwa Securities Co. , Yamaichi Securities Co. and Nikko Securities -- also were replacing the 12-month term formerly finishing Sept. 30 .'))

Input: Operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Operating profit was pretax profit and net income results .' ), 'Operating profit were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period .')

Input: The statistics follow a year-on-year rebound in consolidated and unconsolidated results in the full fiscal year ended in March 1989 , recovering from dismal results in the prior fiscal year as a result of the October 1987 stock market crash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the full fiscal year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of the October 1987 stock market crash .','The full fiscal year was ended in March 1989 , recovering from dismal results in the prior fiscal year .' ), 'The statistics follow a year-on-year rebound in consolidated and unconsolidated results .'))

Input: Harken Energy Corp. of Dallas said it will drop its $ 11.75-a-share , or $ 190 million , offer for Tesoro Petroleum Corp. if the two companies do n't have an agreement to merge by Dec. 15 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Harken Energy Corp. of Dallas said .', SUB/CONDITION('It will drop its $ 11.75-a-share , or $ 190 million , offer for Tesoro Petroleum Corp. .','The two companies do n't have an agreement to merge by Dec. 15 .'))

Input: It would extinguish all of Eagle 's existing capital stock and issue new stock to York as sole holder .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It would extinguish all of Eagle 's existing capital stock .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to York .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as sole holder .','It would issue new stock .')))

Input: In its bankruptcy-law petition , filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan , Eagle said its problems began in 1987 and early 1988 when its then-senior lender , Bankers Trust Co. , reduced its credit line .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bankers Trust Co. was its then-senior lender .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Eagle said in its bankruptcy-law petition , filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Its problems began in 1987 .','Its problems began in early 1988 .' ), 'Its then-senior lender reduced its credit line .')))

Input: At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bankers Trust and with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York for $ 8 million , and a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners and Biny management for $ 2 million .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was with Bankers Trust and with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for $ 8 million .','This was for a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners and Biny management for $ 2 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the time .','Eagle reached a new credit agreement .')))

Input: But Eagle said the financing was insufficient and sales during the past fiscal year sagged .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Eagle said .','The financing was insufficient .' ), 'But sales during the past fiscal year sagged .')

Input: Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 13.4 billion in August , by selling such assets as mortgage-backed securities and loans .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 13.4 billion .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as mortgage-backed securities and loans .','Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts were selling such assets .')))

Input: Thrifts raised capital mostly by selling mortgages and mortgage-backed securities , which were reduced by $ 7.8 billion in August from the prior month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Thrifts raised capital mostly by .', CO/LIST('Thrifts were selling mortgages .','Thrifts were selling mortgage-backed securities .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the prior month .','Mortgage-backed securities were reduced by $ 7.8 billion in August .')))

Input: If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real GNP .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('This thesis is correct .','It has important implications for macroeconomic policies .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is behind efforts .','It may lower the sense of urgency .' ), 'This is to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real GNP .'))

Input: It would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System , and the informed public generally , as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price stability .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price stability .', CO/LIST('It would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System .','It would also affect the perceptions of the informed public generally .'))

Input: This forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as demographic changes , the oil shock and accelerating inflation -- that had reduced productivity gains in the 1970s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Demographic changes were the oil shock .','Demographic changes were accelerating inflation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This forecast was based on the apparent reversal of most of the negative forces -- such as demographic changes -- .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1970s .','The negative forces -- such as demographic changes -- had reduced productivity gains .')))

Input: But I had expected more , which is one reason I began looking at evidence suggesting defects in the official output estimates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But I had expected more .', SUB/ELABORATION('More is one reason .','I began looking at evidence suggesting defects in the official output estimates one reason .'))

Input: The evidence does not clearly support the view that the downward bias in output growth has become greater during the 1948-89 period , but all I am claiming is that the growth trend is understated .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The evidence does not clearly support the view .','The downward bias in output growth has become greater during the 1948-89 period .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('All is .','I am claiming All .' ), 'The growth trend is understated .'))

Input: The first of three major sources of error is the use of labor input estimates -LRB- mainly employment or hours -RRB- instead of output estimates for those sectors , such as governments , paid household services and private non-profit institutions , where there are difficulties in assembling output data .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was such as governments .','This was such as paid household services .','This was such as private non-profit institutions .' ), 'The first of three major sources of error is the use of labor input estimates -LRB- mainly employment or hours -RRB- instead of output estimates for those sectors .' ), 'There are difficulties in assembling output data .')

Input: Independent estimates of output in those industries , including one by the Department of Labor for banking , suggests that productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 1.5 % a year between 1948 and 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the Department of Labor for banking .','This is including one .' ), 'Independent estimates of output in those industries suggests .' ), 'Productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 1.5 % a year between 1948 and 1988 .')

Input: I estimate that these mismeasurements as detailed by Martin N. Baily and Robert J. Gordon add a further 0.12 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate of real business product .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i estimate .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the downward bias in the growth rate of real business product .','These mismeasurements as detailed by Martin N. Baily and Robert J. Gordon add a further 0.12 percentage point .'))

Input: Finally , the official estimates understate growth because they make inadequate allowance for improvements in quality of goods and services .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is finally .','The official estimates understate growth .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for improvements in quality of goods and services .','They make inadequate allowance .'))

Input: Union Carbide Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 35 % from a year earlier on weakness in the company 's mainstay chemicals and plastics business .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Union Carbide Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on weakness .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the company 's mainstay chemicals and plastics business .','Third-quarter net income plunged 35 % .'))))

Input: Net was $ 139 million , or 98 cents a share , for the quarter , compared with $ 213 million , or $ 1.56 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 213 million a year ago .','This was compared with $ 1.56 a share , a year ago .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 139 million .','Net was 98 cents a share .')))

Input: But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices for polyethylene , a common plastic and an important Carbide product , started to fall early this year ; the slide accelerated in the third quarter as buyers continued to trim inventories .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Prices for polyethylene were a common plastic .','Prices for polyethylene were an important Carbide product .' ), 'Prices for polyethylene started to fall early this year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The slide accelerated in the third quarter .','Buyers continued to trim inventories .'))

Input: Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols , products used in making antifreeze .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Ethylene oxide were products .','Glycols were products .' ), 'Products were used in making antifreeze .' ), 'Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols .')

Input: Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo .', SUB/ELABORATION('Urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam .', CO/LIST('The polyurethane foam was found in furniture cushioning .','The polyurethane foam was found in other products .')))

Input: For the nine months , net totaled $ 526 million , or $ 3.74 a share , up 5 % from $ 501 million , or $ 3.71 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 5 % from $ 501 million , or $ 3.71 a share , a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net totaled $ 526 million .','Net totaled $ 3.74 a share .')))

Input: At least 10 states are resisting Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's nationwide effort to settle its legal troubles , and some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('At least 10 states are resisting Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's nationwide effort .','This is to settle its legal troubles .' ), ', Some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders .')

Input: Up to now , Drexel has made a rapid-fire series of settlements with 25 states and the commonwealth of Puerto Rico .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was with 25 states .','This was with the commonwealth of Puerto Rico .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was up to now .','Drexel has made a rapid-fire series of settlements .'))

Input: But individuals familiar with the generally successful Drexel talks say the firm is meeting resistance from some big states , including New Jersey , New York , California , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Missouri .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what individuals familiar with the generally successful Drexel talks say .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This is including New Jersey , New York , California , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Missouri .','This is from some big states .' ), 'The firm is meeting resistance .'))

Input: Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea and a related civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea .','Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in a related civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission .' ), 'A related civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties .')

Input: These stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on Wall Street .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Drexel says it does n't expect any of its state brokerage licenses will be revoked , and even if some are , its securities business would n't be directly hurt .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Drexel says .', SUB/ELABORATION('It does n't expect .','Any of its state brokerage licenses will be revoked .' )SUB/CONDITION(', Some are .','Its securities business would n't be directly hurt .')))

Input: It already has sold its retail , or individual-investor , brokerage network ; securities firms do n't need brokerage licenses for non-retail activities such as investment banking .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It already has sold its retail , or individual-investor , brokerage network .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for non-retail activities such as investment banking .',', Securities firms do n't need brokerage licenses .'))

Input: But they disagree about the message these settlements give to the public .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But they disagree about the message .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the public .','These settlements give the message .'))

Input: There was a lot of internal debate about that specific issue , said Susan Bryant , Oklahoma 's chief securities regulator and president of the North American Securities Administrators Association , which drafted a voluntary settlement plan for the states with Drexel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Cohen said more than $ 2.8 million has been paid to 26 states and that Drexel still expects to pay out a total of $ 11.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cohen was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cohen said .', CO/LIST('More than $ 2.8 million has been paid to 26 states .','That Drexel still expects to pay out a total of $ 11.5 million .')))

Input: New Jersey , for example , was asked to accept $ 300,000 , but refused .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','New Jersey was asked to accept $ 300,000 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','New Jersey refused .'))

Input: It is one of the states that have met with Mr. Cohen and asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cohen was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is one of the states .', CO/LIST('The states have met with Cohen .','The states have asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters .')))

Input: Particularly touchy are the cases of New York , which is Drexel 's base , and California , the base of Drexel 's highly profitable junk-bond operation that led to the firm 's legal difficulties .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Neither state has settled , and officials in the two states wo n't discuss their reasons for not doing so .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Neither state has settled .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for not doing so .','Officials in the two states wo n't discuss their reasons .'))

Input: These are the 26 states , including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , that have settled with Drexel : Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Washington , Wyoming and Puerto Rico .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico : Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Washington , Wyoming and Puerto Rico .','These are the 26 states .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico .','The 26 states have settled with Drexel .'))

Input: Time Warner Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 176 million , or $ 2.88 cents a share , reflecting acquisition costs for a 59.3 % stake in Warner Communications Inc. and the purchase method of accounting for the transaction .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Time Warner Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 176 million .','Time Warner Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 2.88 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for a 59.3 % stake in Warner Communications Inc. .','This was for the purchase method of accounting for the transaction .' ), 'Time Warner Inc. was reflecting acquisition costs .'))

Input: Separately , Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million , or 56 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges .',', Charges were associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million .','Warner reported a net loss of 56 cents a share .')))

Input: Time Warner emphasized in a news release that it should be evaluated based on its cash flow , which the company defined as earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Time Warner emphasized in a news release .','It should be evaluated based on its cash flow .' ), 'The company defined as earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization its cash flow .')

Input: Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from records and music publishing .','Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % .' ), 'The domestic record business was sluggish this summer .')

Input: In the year-ago third quarter , Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million , or $ 1.42 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million .','Time on its own reported net income of $ 1.42 a share .'))

Input: For the third quarter , Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million , or 90 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million .','Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of 90 cents a share .'))

Input: On the other hand , Time Warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the Home Box Office programming division .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Time Warner said on the other hand .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for its magazine division .','This was for its books division .','This was for the Home Box Office programming division .' ), 'Its operating cash flow declined in the quarter .'))

Input: Robert J. Penn , president and chief executive officer , will take early retirement from this steelmaker Dec 31 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert J. Penn is president and chief executive officer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from this steelmaker .','Robert J. Penn will take early retirement Dec 31 .'))

Input: Mr. Leavitt , 37 , was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leavitt was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Leavitt was 37 .', CO/LIST('Leavitt was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board .','Leavitt was having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs .')))

Input: His father , David S. Leavitt , was chairman and chief executive until his death in an accident five years ago , at which time Mr. Penn was named president .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('David S. Leavitt was his father .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was until his death in an accident five years ago .','His father was chairman and chief executive .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Penn was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at his death in an accident five years ago .','Penn was named president .'))))

Input: The Oversight Board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August , sets policy for the RTC , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Oversight Board sets policy for the RTC .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Oversight Board is created in the savings-and-loan law .','The savings-and-loan law was signed in August .' ), 'The RTC will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets .'))

Input: Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady , Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nicholas Brady is Treasury Secretary .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Greenspan is Federal Reserve Board Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Kemp is Urban Development Secretary .', CO/LIST('Nicholas Brady are members of the board .','Alan Greenspan are members of the board .','Housing and Jack Kemp are members of the board .'))))

Input: President Bush must appoint two other members , one a Democrat and one a Republican .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush is President .','Bush must appoint two other members .' ), 'One a Democrat .','One a Republican .')

Input: An administration official confirmed last week that Mr. Simmons , the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix , is the Republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Simmons was last week that Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Simmons was the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix .','An administration official confirmed Simmons is the Republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way .'))

Input: Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Simmons was Mr. .',', Simmons declined to comment .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the White House said .','The congressmen 's letter is under review .'))

Input: We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment , the letter said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we believe .','There are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position .' ), 'We encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment .' ), 'This was what the letter said .')

Input: But Mr. Simmons has long ties to both Republicans and banking .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Simmons is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to both Republicans .','This is to banking .' ), 'But Simmons has long ties .'))

Input: He was co-chairman of Mr. Bush 's Arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for Mr. Bush in the 1980 election .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was co-chairman of Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', CO/LIST('He was Bush 's Arizona campaign committee in last year 's election .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1980 election .','He also worked for Bush .'))))

Input: In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Simmons was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1986 .',', Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen .' )CO/LIST('Businessmen were headed by William Seidman .','Businessmen were headed by chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. .','Businessmen were headed by the Resolution Trust Corp .')))

Input: Mr. McElroy , 54 years old , will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McElroy is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is 54 years old .','McElroy will remain president and chief executive officer of the unit .'))

Input: Mr. Werner , 58 , was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company and the unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Werner was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Werner was 58 .', CO/LIST('Werner was formerly senior executive vice president of the parent company .','Werner was formerly senior executive vice president of the unit .')))

Input: The debt-rating concern cited the bank 's move into the Texas market , noting its profitability and capital adequacy measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was into the Texas market .','The debt-rating concern cited the bank 's move .' ), 'The debt-rating concern was noting its profitability .' ), ', Capital adequacy measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance .')

Input: Moody 's also said it raised its rating on the Deposit Insurance Bridge Bank , now known as Bank One , Texas N.A. , reflecting the support of other banking affiliates and substantial assistance for the FDIC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('affiliates were the support of other banking .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's said .', CO/LIST('It raised its rating on the Deposit Insurance Bridge Bank , now known as Bank One , Texas N.A. , reflecting affiliates .','It raised its rating on the Deposit Insurance Bridge Bank , now known as Bank One , Texas N.A. , reflecting substantial assistance for the FDIC .')))

Input: At Lloyd 's of London , underwriters still scratch out policies using fountain pens and blotting paper .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Lloyd 's of London .','Underwriters still scratch out policies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Lloyd 's of London .', CO/LIST('Underwriters still are using fountain pens .','Underwriters still are using blotting paper .')))

Input: At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .','Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .','Lloyd 's is hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business .'))

Input: Lloyd 's is on the ropes , says Peter Nutting , a Lloyd 's investor for 17 years who now leads a dissident group threatening to sue exchange underwriters for alleged mismanagement and negligence .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Between 1981 and 1986 , the most recent five-year period for which figures are available , Lloyd 's reported over # 3.6 billion in claims and reserves against future losses -LRB- $ 5.7 billion at today 's exchange rates -RRB- , more than double the # 1.35 billion posted in the previous five-year period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('1981 and 1986 were the most recent five-year period for which figures are available .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was between 1981 and 1986 .','Lloyd 's reported over # 3.6 billion in claims and reserves against future losses -LRB- $ 5.7 billion at today 's exchange rates -RRB- , more than double the # 1.35 billion posted in the previous five-year period .'))

Input: Investors may reap huge profits when premiums exceed claims , but they are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Investors may reap huge profits .','Premiums exceed claims .' ), 'They are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe .')

Input: I ca n't think of any reason to join Lloyd 's now , says Keith Whitten , a British businessman and a Lloyd 's member since 1979 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The downside is very considerable , and at the moment the upside is very marginal .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The downside is very considerable .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the moment .','The upside is very marginal .'))

Input: Much of the business has gone to the institute , an association of more than 100 insurers , including Cigna Corp. , Allianz Versicherungs AG of West Germany and Britain 's Commercial Union Assurance PLC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The institute was an association of more than 100 insurers .', CO/LIST('Much of the business has gone to the institute including Cigna Corp. .','Much of the business has gone to the institute including Allianz Versicherungs AG of West Germany .','Much of the business has gone to the institute including Britain 's Commercial Union Assurance PLC .'))

Input: At the peak of its power and influence a century ago , Lloyd 's dominated the insurance world with a 50 % stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a 50 % stake .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the peak of its power and influence a century ago .','Lloyd 's dominated the insurance world .'))

Input: Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker 's compensation insurance , burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses , and bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as worker 's compensation insurance .','This was as burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses .','This was as bankers ' liability insurance .' ), 'Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies .' ), ', Competitors now underwrite most of that business .')

Input: But since 1981 , Kirk Horse Insurance Inc. of Lexington , Ky. has grabbed a 20 % stake of the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This is a watershed time , and we are trying to plot our way ahead , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('This is a watershed time .','We are trying to plot our way ahead .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: John Wetherell , a Lloyd 's underwriter , says he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50 % the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('John Wetherell is a Lloyd 's underwriter .','John Wetherell says he .' )SUB/ELABORATION('His fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50 % the premiums .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 1980 to 1985 the premiums .','They should have charged for property risks .')))

Input: But it will be years before it is clear whether higher rates will offset the payouts for such disasters .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('But it will be years .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is clear .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for such disasters .','Higher rates will offset the payouts .')))

Input: That year , it posted record pretax profit of # 650 million , a gain it attributes to higher rates and fewer claims .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Record pretax profit of # 650 million was a gain .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to higher rates .','This is to fewer claims .' ), 'It attributes a gain .' ), 'That year , it posted record pretax profit of # 650 million .'))

Input: But Mr. Lawrence says reported profit will be down in 1987 , 1988 and 1989 , though he declines to specify how steep the decline will be .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawrence was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Lawrence says .', CO/CONTRAST('Reported profit will be down in 1987 , 1988 and 1989 .','He declines to specify how steep the decline will be .')))

Input: Competition among underwriters and brokers makes them loath to centralize price and policy information .
Prediction: NONE

Input: All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , the world 's largest , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. were the world 's largest .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in their attempts to break into foreign markets .','All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks .'))

Input: And while the Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be fickle investors .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past several months .','The Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past to be fickle investors .','And , they have shown themselves .'))

Input: But he could n't sell any .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said that he was particularly interested in his firm gaining expertise in futures , options , mortgaged-backed securities , computerized trading and investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('He was particularly interested in his firm .', CO/LIST('His firm was gaining expertise in futures as well as mergers and acquisitions .','His firm was gaining expertise in options as well as mergers and acquisitions .','His firm was gaining expertise in mortgaged-backed securities as well as mergers and acquisitions .','His firm was gaining expertise in computerized trading as well as mergers and acquisitions .','His firm was gaining expertise in investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions .')))

Input: Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base , its influential position in the Tokyo market and its links to Japanese corporations and institutional investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dozen was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dozen said .', CO/LIST('Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base .','Daiwa 's strengths were its influential position in the Tokyo market .','Daiwa 's strengths were its links to Japanese corporations and institutional investors .')))

Input: In his climb to the top , Mr. Dozen also headed the company 's stock-exchange division , its fixed-income units and its international operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dozen was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the top .','This was in his climb .' )CO/LIST('Dozen also headed the company 's stock-exchange division .','Dozen also headed its fixed-income units .','Dozen also headed its international operations .')))

Input: Commission income from domestic stock and bond sales accounts form a large portion of Japanese securities companies ' earnings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And anybody who lacked the backing of the retail sales force would be fragile , said a Daiwa executive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And anybody , said a Daiwa executive .', SUB/ELABORATION('Anybody lacked .','The backing of the retail sales force would be fragile .'))

Input: The nickel producer also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 20 cents and said it may buy back as much as 4.8 % of its common outstanding .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 25 cents a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 20 cents .','The nickel producer also raised its quarterly dividend .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the nickel producer said .','It may buy back as much as 4.8 % of its common outstanding .')))

Input: Inco 's net fell to $ 129.3 million , or $ 1.23 a share , in the third quarter from $ 200.3 million , or $ 1.88 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 200.3 million a year earlier .','This was from $ 1.88 a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Inco 's net fell to $ 129.3 million .','Inco 's net fell to $ 1.23 a share .')))

Input: That proposal , valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , would have transferred majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to employees while .','That proposal would have transferred majority ownership .' ), 'That proposal was valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('That proposal were leaving some stock in public hands .','That proposal was valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .'))

Input: But it was clear that for the time being , the board wants the company to return to normalcy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it was clear .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the time being .','The board wants the company to return to normalcy .'))

Input: The board said it concluded that the welfare of the company , its shareholders , its employees and the broader public ... can best be enhanced by continued development of UAL as a strong , viable , independent company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company was its shareholders .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the board said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It concluded .','The welfare of the company its employees and the broader public ... can best be enhanced by continued development of UAL as a strong , viable , independent company .')))

Input: But Mr. Wolf faces a monumental task in pulling the company back together again .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in .','But Wolf faces a monumental task .' ), 'But Wolf is pulling the company back together again .'))

Input: In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in return for an ownership stake in the company .','The pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract .' )CO/LIST('A seven-year contract included a no-strike clause the union previously resisted .','A seven-year contract included significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted .'))

Input: As a good-will measure , the pilots had been working four extra hours a month and had agreed to fly UAL 's two new Boeing 747-400 aircraft .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a good-will measure .','The pilots had been working four extra hours a month .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a good-will measure .','The pilots had agreed to fly UAL 's two new Boeing 747-400 aircraft .'))

Input: The union said late last night that it is still committed to majority employee ownership and that the labor disputes that faced the company prior to the buy-out effort still need to be addressed .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the union said late last night .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It is still committed to majority employee ownership .','It is still committed to that .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The labor disputes still need to be addressed .','The labor disputes faced the company prior to the buy-out effort .')))

Input: The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest in financing the transaction .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in .','The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest .' ), 'The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year were financing the transaction .')

Input: The machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to Mr. Wolf , but he lost much of his credibility with that group when he teamed up with the pilot union .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf was Mr. .','The machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to Wolf .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with that group .','He teamed up with the pilot union .' ), 'He lost much of his credibility .'))

Input: The machinists criticized the terms Mr. Wolf and management received in the buy-out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf was the terms Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The machinists criticized .', CO/LIST('Wolf received in the buy-out .','Management received in the buy-out .')))

Input: They paid $ 15 million for a 1 % stake and received an additional 9 % of the company at no additional cost .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a 1 % stake .','They paid $ 15 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at no additional cost .','They received an additional 9 % of the company .'))

Input: Until the collapse of this bid , Mr. Wolf was regarded as one of the nation 's savviest airline executives after engineering turnarounds of Tiger International Inc. and Republic Airlines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after engineering turnarounds of Tiger International Inc. and Republic Airlines .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was until the collapse of this bid .','Wolf was regarded as one of the nation 's savviest airline executives .')))

Input: Arbitragers said they were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization or other plan to maximize value .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what arbitragers said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization to maximize value .','They were disappointed the company did n't announce other plan to maximize value .'))

Input: The machinists union has suggested it may propose a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The machinists union has suggested .', SUB/ELABORATION('It may propose a recapitalization .', CO/LIST('A recapitalization includes a special dividend for holders .','A recapitalization includes a minority ownership stake for employees .')))

Input: Sanford Kane , U.S. Memories president , said the decision was disappointing , but does n't presage U.S. Memories ' failure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sanford Kane was U.S. Memories president .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sanford Kane said .','The decision was disappointing .' ), ', Sanford Kane does n't presage U.S. Memories ' failure .'))

Input: Mr. Kane became president and chief executive officer of U.S. Memories last June , when the group was formed by seven electronics companies : Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. ; Hewlett-Packard Co. ; Intel Corp. ; International Business Machines Corp. ; LSI Logic Corp. and National Semiconductor Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kane was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kane became president and chief executive officer of U.S. Memories last June .','The group was formed by seven electronics companies : Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. ; Hewlett-Packard Co. ; Intel Corp. ; International Business Machines Corp. ; LSI Logic Corp. and National Semiconductor Corp .'))

Input: Mr. Kane said he expects two or three major corporations to announce their participation in U.S. Memories soon after the group finishes a business plan , probably late this week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kane was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kane said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he expects two or three major corporations .',', Soon after the group finishes a business plan , probably late this week .' ), 'This is to announce their participation in U.S. Memories .')))

Input: But so far , most potential participants have n't decided .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sun Microsystems Inc. said it 's still actively evaluating U.S. Memories and plans to meet with U.S. Memories representatives later this week .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sun Microsystems Inc. said .', CO/LIST('It 's still actively evaluating U.S. Memories .','It plans to meet with U.S. Memories representatives later this week .'))

Input: With due respect to highly classified correspondence and other buzzwords , the leakers are performing a public service .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to highly classified correspondence and other buzzwords .','This is with due respect .' ), 'The leakers are performing a public service .')

Input: Naturally , Senator Boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while stamping top secret on their own complicity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boren is Senator .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is naturally .', CO/LIST('Boren would like free rein .','His committee would like free rein .' ), 'This is to blame the executive branch while stamping top secret on their own complicity .')))

Input: And if Congress is going to assume authority to micromanage foreign policy , it 's going to have to take some of the responsibility too .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to micromanage foreign policy .',', Congress is going to assume authority .' ), 'And , it 's going to have to take some of the responsibility too .')

Input: But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Webster was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations was Richard Stoltz .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over a few days later .','The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations tried to smooth things .' ), 'The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations instead simply underlined Webster 's point .')))

Input: No doubt many people in the CIA , the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are of course good reasons the U.S. should n't get into the assassination business , but rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('There are of course good reasons .','The U.S. should n't get into the assassination business good reasons .' ), 'Rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars .')

Input: As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't assassinate Colonel Gadhafi .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gadhafi is Colonel .', SUB/ELABORATION('It now stands .', CO/CONTRAST('The U.S. can bomb Tripoli .','The U.S. ca n't assassinate Gadhafi .')))

Input: It can send a fighter squadron to strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley , but ca n't shoot Abu Nidal .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('It can send a fighter squadron .','This is to strafe terrorist hideouts in the Bekaa Valley .' ), 'It ca n't shoot Abu Nidal .')

Input: Both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world that the only way the U.S. will kill a madman is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with him .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world .', SUB/ELABORATION('The only way is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with him .','The U.S. will kill a madman The only way .'))

Input: A series of explosions tore through the huge Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near here , injuring more than a hundred and closing parts of the Houston Ship Channel .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A series of explosions tore through the huge Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near here .', CO/LIST('A series of explosions were injuring more than a hundred .','A series of explosions were closing parts of the Houston Ship Channel .'))

Input: There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('There were no immediate reports of deaths .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials said .','A number of workers were still unaccounted for last night .'))

Input: The Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday had n't said officially .','What caused the explosions and fires .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The explosions and fires sent columns of heavy black smoke .','Heavy black smoke was billowing high into the air .'))

Input: Glenn Cox , Phillips ' president and chief operating officer , and other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage and determine the cause of the afternoon explosions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Glenn Cox was Phillips ' president and chief operating officer .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Glenn Cox flew from Bartlesville .','Other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville .' ), 'This was to assess the damage and determine the cause of the afternoon explosions .'))

Input: Broken water lines and gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts , but by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Broken water lines and gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what authorities said by late yesterday .','They had the fire under control .'))

Input: The blasts blew out windows , spewed debris for miles and crumpled the ceiling in an area elementary school .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The blasts blew out windows .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for miles .','The blasts spewed debris .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an area elementary school .','The blasts crumpled the ceiling .'))

Input: Nearby Pasadena , Texas , police reported that 104 people had been taken to area hospitals , but a spokeswoman said that toll could rise .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what nearby Pasadena , Texas , police reported .','104 people had been taken to area hospitals .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokeswoman said .','Toll could rise .'))

Input: The plant employs between 800 and 900 on three shifts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In late August , four contract workers were injured and one Phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in late August .','Four contract workers were injured .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in late August .','One Phillips employee died after an explosion .')))

Input: Exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to $ 1.11 billion , or 87 cents a share , from $ 1.22 billion , or 93 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 1.22 billion a year earlier .','This was from 93 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to $ 1.11 billion .','Exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to 87 cents a share .'))

Input: Exxon 's profitability , like that of many other oil companies , was hurt during the third quarter by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was like that of many other oil companies .','Exxon 's profitability was hurt during the third quarter .'))

Input: Exxon 's earnings from chemicals operations fell $ 90 million , to $ 254 million , while refining and marketing profits declined $ 180 million , to $ 357 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 254 million .','Exxon 's earnings from chemicals operations fell $ 90 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 357 million .','Refining and marketing profits declined $ 180 million .'))

Input: A year earlier , the refiner earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The refiner earned $ 66 million .','The refiner earned $ 1.19 a share .'))

Input: For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 86 million .','This was to $ 1.55 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the year .','Net income tumbled 61 % .'))

Input: Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million , or 64 cents a share , from $ 15.7 million , or 20 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 15.7 million a year earlier .','This was from 20 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million .','Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to 64 cents a share .'))

Input: Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million , and exploration and production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 12.9 million .','Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 17.9 million .','Exploration and production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million .'))

Input: Phillips Petroleum 's third-quarter earnings slid 60 % , to $ 87 million , or 36 cents a share , from $ 215 million , or 89 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 215 million .','This was from 89 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 87 million .','This was to 36 cents a share .' ), 'Phillips Petroleum 's third-quarter earnings slid 60 % .'))

Input: Despite higher oil prices , exploration and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses and some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite higher oil prices .', CO/LIST('Exploration and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields .','Exploration and production profits were off because of some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields .'))

Input: Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % to $ 108 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 105 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 108 million .','This was to 39 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 105 million a year earlier .','This was from 38 cents a share , a year earlier .' ), 'Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % .'))

Input: The latest period included a $ 54 million gain from the sale of various oil and gas properties , a $ 22 million charge from the restructuring of Occidental 's domestic oil and gas operations , and tax credits of $ 42 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from the sale of various oil and gas properties .','This was from a $ 22 million charge from the restructuring of Occidental 's domestic oil and gas operations .','This was from tax credits of $ 42 million .' ), 'The latest period included a $ 54 million gain .')

Input: Occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million from $ 20 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Occidental said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 20 million .','Oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million .'))

Input: The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the sale of properties .','The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the quarter in the oil and gas division .','The latest period is indicating operating losses .'))

Input: For the nine months , Arco reported net income of $ 1.6 billion , or $ 8.87 a share , up 33 % from $ 1.2 billion , or $ 6.56 a share a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 33 % from $ 1.2 billion , or $ 6.56 a share a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Arco reported net income of $ 1.6 billion .','Arco reported net income of $ 8.87 a share .')))

Input: San Antonio , Texas -- $ 575 million of electric and gas system revenue refunding bonds , Series 1989 , 1989A and 1989B , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2009 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137.6 million of sports facilities lease revenue bonds , Series 1989 D , due 1992-1999 , 2004 , 2009 and 2019 , tentatively priced at par by a Morgan Stanley group to yield from 6.35 % in 1992 to 7.60 % in 2019 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: International Finance Corp . -LRB- agency -RRB- -- 10 billion pesetas of 11.6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 11.60 % less full fees , via Citibank -LRB- Madrid -RRB- and Banco Espanol de Credito , Spain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Morton Downey Jr. , who self-destructed as a talk-show host and frequently verbally abused his guests , has been signed to co-host a half-hour nightly program on the Consumer News and Business Channel , the cable channel partly owned by the General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the Consumer News and Business Channel .', SUB/ELABORATION('The cable channel partly owned by the General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co was a half-hour nightly program .','Morton Downey Jr. has been signed to co-host a half-hour nightly program .' )CO/LIST('Morton Downey Jr. self-destructed as a talk-show host .','Morton Downey Jr. frequently verbally abused his guests .')))

Input: The premiere of Showdown , with Mr. Downey and Richard G. Carter , a columnist with the New York Daily News , is scheduled for Dec. 4 at 8 p.m .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Downey was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('G. Carter was a columnist with the New York Daily News .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Downey and Richard .', SUB/ELABORATION('G. Carter was The premiere of Showdown .','G. Carter is scheduled for Dec. 4 at 8 p.m .'))))

Input: Mr. Downey said he is not going to change his style , which some critics said was flamboyant and others deemed offensive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Downey was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Downey said .','He is not going to change his style and others deemed offensive .' ), ', Some critics said was flamboyant his style .'))

Input: But just how does Mr. Downey 's unorthodox style mesh with the sedate tone of CNBC 's business programming ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Downey 's previous show , a one-hour shout fest , syndciated by MCA Inc. and produced by Quantum Media Inc. , was canceled in July after advertisers and stations abandoned it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Downey was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Downey 's previous show was a one-hour shout fest .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Downey 's previous show syndciated by MCA Inc. and produced by Quantum Media Inc. , was canceled in July .','Advertisers and stations abandoned it .')))

Input: Among the 30 Dow industrials , they bought McDonald 's , Coca-Cola Co. and Procter & Gamble and sold Aluminum Co. of America .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the 30 Dow industrials .', CO/LIST('They bought McDonald 's .','They bought Coca-Cola Co. .','They bought Procter & Gamble .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the 30 Dow industrials .','They sold Aluminum Co. of America .')))

Input: He suggested that investors buy the shares of Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea , J. Baker , McDonald 's , Philip Morris and Sara Lee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He suggested .', CO/LIST('Investors buy the shares of Great Atlantic & Pacific Tea .','Investors buy the shares of J. Baker .','Investors buy the shares of McDonald 's .','Investors buy the shares of Philip Morris .','Investors buy the shares of Sara Lee .'))

Input: Coca-Cola climbed 1 3\/8 to 72 1\/8 ; McDonald 's added 1 to 31 3\/8 , and Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 130 5\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Coca-Cola climbed 13\/8 to 721\/8 .', CO/LIST('McDonald 's added 1 to 313\/8 .','Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 1305\/8 .'))

Input: But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But starting in early September , the index started to slide .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the S&P 500 .','But starting in early September , the index now stands about even .'))

Input: Union Carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 35 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 1\/2 to 24 1\/2 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Union Carbide declined 1\/2 to 241\/2 .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .','Union Carbide 's third-quarter dropped about 35 % .' ), 'Union Carbide 's third-quarter fell short of analysts ' expectations .'))

Input: Also , Exxon went down 3\/8 to 45 3\/4 and Allied-Signal lost 7\/8 to 35 1\/8 even though the companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Exxon went down 3\/8 to 453\/4 .' )CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Allied-Signal lost 7\/8 to 351\/8 .' ), 'The companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts .'))

Input: Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday , according to PIR .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to PIR .', CO/LIST('Merrill Lynch both lowered the stock 's investment rating .','Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating .' ), 'The results were issued Friday .'))

Input: Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy , which dropped 1 3\/8 to 44 , and Eaton , which retreated 2 1\/2 to 57 1\/2 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Tandy dropped 13\/8 to 44 .','Tandy dropped Eaton .' ), 'Eaton retreated 21\/2 to 571\/2 .'))

Input: However , Delta Air Lines fell 1 1\/2 to 67 1\/2 and USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 42 1\/2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Delta Air Lines fell 11\/2 to 671\/2 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 421\/2 .'))

Input: Ramada gained 7\/8 to 11 1\/4 after revamping the terms of its restructuring plan , which calls for the company to sell its hotel operations for $ 540 million and spin off its casino business to shareholders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after .','Ramada gained 7\/8 to 111\/4 .' ), 'Ramada was revamping the terms of its restructuring plan .' ), 'Its restructuring plan calls for the company to sell its hotel operations for $ 540 million and spin off its casino business to shareholders .')

Input: Hacksaw and Bonecrusher are the sort of nicknames normally associated with linebackers and heavyweight contenders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hacksaw and Bonecrusher are the sort of nicknames .', CO/LIST('Nicknames were associated with linebackers .','Nicknames were associated with heavyweight contenders .'))

Input: At his old job in Compton , Calif. , he took a bitter teachers ' strike and nearly came to blows with a school-board member .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was at his old job in Compton , Calif. .','He took a bitter teachers ' strike .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a school-board member .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at his old job in Compton , Calif. .','He nearly came to blows .')))

Input: The subject of the movie Lean on Me , Mr. Clark controlled his school with a bullhorn and a baseball bat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Clark was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with a bullhorn .','This was with a baseball bat .' ), 'The subject of the movie Lean on Me , Clark controlled his school .'))

Input: He may have gone overboard in his pursuit of good discipline , but is n't it interesting that some of the country 's biggest , most troubled school districts are choosing new chiefs from the same gravel-chewing mold ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Fernandez does n't take control in New York until January , but already he 's roiling the waters .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Fernandez is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is until January .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in New York .','Fernandez does n't take control .' ), 'Already he 's roiling the waters .')))

Input: One South Bronx principal kept his job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 16 years .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was despite a serious drinking problem .','Rarely showing up for work .' ), 'One South Bronx principal kept his job .'))

Input: Naturally , the principals ' union loves building tenure , and tenure has withstood previous challenge .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is naturally .','The principals ' union loves building tenure .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was naturally .','Tenure has withstood previous challenge .'))

Input: But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent principals and administrators should go , but the good ones ought to be left alone .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well .', CO/CONTRAST('Incompetent principals and administrators should go .','The good ones ought to be left alone .'))

Input: Getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential , but in Chicago the new boards will make mistakes and Mr. Kimbrough will have to identify them .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Getting a community of parents to care again about its schools is essential .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Chicago .','The new boards will make mistakes .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Kimbrough is Mr. .','Kimbrough will have to identify them .')))

Input: The schools ' central mission , educating children , became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats , politicians and unions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Chips was a nice fellow , and maybe some day he 'll return .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Chips was Mr. .',', Chips was a nice fellow .' ), 'Maybe some day he 'll return .')

Input: Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun .','Goodson has more .'))

Input: Goodson also announced that it hired the former president and senior vice president of Ingersoll to run the Goodson papers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Goodson announced .', SUB/PURPOSE('It hired the former president and senior vice president of Ingersoll .','This was to run the Goodson papers .'))

Input: Investment bankers familiar with the company said Goodson is seeking a new bank credit line of $ 190 million and may have to sell additional newspapers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what investment bankers familiar with the company said .','Goodson is seeking a new bank credit line of $ 190 million .' ), 'Investment bankers familiar with the company may have to sell additional newspapers .')

Input: David N. Hurwitz , president and chief operating officer of Goodson , said in a telephone interview that the company does n't currently have any plans to sell additional newspapers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David N. Hurwitz was president and chief operating officer of Goodson .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what David N. Hurwitz said in a telephone interview .','The company does n't currently have any plans to sell additional newspapers .'))

Input: The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mark Goodson is television producer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ralph Ingersoll is Ingersoll founder .', CO/LIST('The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between Mark Goodson .','The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between Ralph Ingersoll .')))

Input: The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , took over the company and has been managing the Goodson properties and acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for Goodson .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The latter 's son was Ralph Ingersoll Jr. .', CO/LIST('The latter 's son took over the company .', CO/LIST('The latter 's son has been managing the Goodson properties .','The latter 's son has been acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for Goodson .')))

Input: But in recent years , Mr. Ingersoll began focusing more on expanding his own newspaper empire in partnership with investment banking firm Warburg , Pincus & Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ingersoll was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Warburg , Pincus & Co was investment banking firm .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on expanding his own newspaper empire in partnership with Warburg , Pincus & Co .','But in recent years , Ingersoll began focusing more .')))

Input: Ingersoll President Robert M. Jelenic said in a statement that the company is delighted by the conclusion of the Goodson relationship and will be able to concentrate all our energies on Ingersoll 's own papers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert M. Jelenic was Ingersoll President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Robert M. Jelenic said in a statement .', CO/LIST('The company is delighted by the conclusion of the Goodson relationship .','The company will be able to concentrate all our energies on Ingersoll 's own papers .')))

Input: Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that Ralph and I have different agendas , and that he feels more comfortable with a management team whose sole interest and responsibility is in the Goodson papers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Goodson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in his own statement .','Goodson was less upbeat , saying unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that Ralph and I have different agendas , and that he feels more comfortable with a management team .' ), 'A management team 's sole is in the Goodson papers .'))

Input: Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kenneth Roman was Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kenneth Roman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at American Express Co .','He is leaving to take a top post .'))))

Input: The company later apologized and agreed to make $ 8 million in contributions to charities chosen by him .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company later apologized .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in contributions .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to charities .',', Charities were chosen by him .' ), 'The company later agreed to make $ 8 million .')))

Input: Mr. Roman also had overseen Ogilvy Group 's two other units , the Scali McCabe Sloves advertising agency and its research division , but those units will now report directly to WPP .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Roman was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Roman also had overseen Ogilvy Group 's two other units .','Roman also had overseen the Scali McCabe Sloves advertising agency .','Roman also had overseen its research division .' ), 'Those units will now report directly to WPP .'))

Input: Aside from working with Mr. Robinson on the American Express advertising account for about 11 years , Mr. Roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as Mr. Robinson .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robinson is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the American Express advertising account for about 11 years .','Roman is working with Robinson .' ), 'Roman serves on several of the same charities and boards as Robinson .'))

Input: Mr. Roman also brushed aside reports about infighting between him and Mr. Phillips , his successor at Ogilvy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was his successor .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was about infighting between him .','This was about infighting between Phillips .' ), 'Roman also brushed aside reports at Ogilvy .')))

Input: He labeled reports of friction ridiculous , and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips 's boat in Connecticut .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was part of the weekend on Mr. .', CO/LIST('He labeled reports of friction ridiculous .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Connecticut .','He spent Phillips 's boat .'))))

Input: Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Roman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other things .','Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He wo n't be involved in its advertising .','Its advertising is handled by the operating units .')))

Input: American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the ad agency .','The move wo n't affect their relationships .'))

Input: But some clients and analysts expressed concern that Mr. Phillips is n't as well-known to many clients .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was concern that Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some clients and analysts expressed .','Phillips is n't as well-known to many clients .'))

Input: Ken was my key contact , said J. Nicholas Hahn , president and chief executive officer of Cotton Inc. , which represents cotton producers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ogilvy was the skills .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some analysts questioned .','Whether Phillips would have Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around .')))

Input: I think they need creative leadership , and I do n't think they have it , said Emma Hill , an analyst with Wertheim & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what other analysts said .','Having Phillips succeed Roman would make for a smooth transition .'))

Input: Graham Phillips has been there a long time , knows the culture well , is aggressive , and apparently gets along well with Mr. Sorrell , said Andrew Wallach , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But David Lord , managing editor of Consultants News , an industry publication based in Fitzwilliam , N.H. , said an industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two times Cleveland Consulting 's approximately $ 15 million annual revenue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cleveland Consulting was times .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Consultants News was an industry publication based in Fitzwilliam , N.H. .','David Lord was managing editor of Consultants News .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what David Lord said .','An industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two Cleveland Consulting 's approximately $ 15 million annual revenue .')))

Input: Mr. John becomes the latest of many music stars , including George Michael and Whitney Houston , to appear in ads for the diet drink .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('John becomes .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including George Michael .','This is including Whitney Houston .' ), 'The latest of many music stars to appear in ads for the diet drink .')))

Input: Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it formed a unit to make and distribute movies to theaters overseas and , eventually , to U.S. theaters , too .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was eventually .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to theaters overseas and to U.S. theaters .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .','It formed a unit to make and distribute movies .'))))

Input: The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on Turner Broadcasting 's Turner Network Television channel , or TNT , and then will be released internationally in movie theaters .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the operator of cable-television networks said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies .','The new Turner Pictures unit will produce TNT .' ), 'Movies will premiere on Turner Broadcasting 's Turner Network Television channel .' ), 'Then will be released internationally in movie theaters .'))

Input: The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and Treasure Island , produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be The Secret Life of Ian Fleming .','The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be a dramatization about the former British spy .','The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be Treasure Island .' ), 'The former British spy wrote the James Bond novels .' ), 'Treasure Island was produced by Charlton Heston .' ), ', Charlton Heston also stars in the movie .')

Input: Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting 's chairman , was named chairman of Turner Pictures , and Gerry Hogan , president of Turner Entertainment Networks , was named president of the unit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Ted Turner was Turner Broadcasting 's chairman .','Ted Turner was named chairman of Turner Pictures .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Gerry Hogan was president of Turner Entertainment Networks .','Gerry Hogan was named president of the unit .'))

Input: In an interview , Mr. Hogan said the subsidiary 's primary mission will be to make movies for TNT and to distribute them internationally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hogan was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hogan said in an interview .','The subsidiary 's primary mission will be to make movies for TNT and to distribute them internationally .'))

Input: But he said Turner Broadcasting already has found some ideas that might work well as films for theatrical release in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for theatrical release .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .','Turner Broadcasting already has found some ideas well as films .' ), ', Some ideas might work .')))

Input: When that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films in the U.S. , he said , adding that Turner Pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. .','When that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films .' ), 'This was what he said , adding that Turner Pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 1991 .')

Input: Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .','Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks .' )CO/LIST('The company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to theaters .','The company has never released its own pictures .')))

Input: In July , Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year that will premiere on Showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .','Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year .' )CO/LIST('12 low-budget movies a year will premiere on Showtime network .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including foreign theaters .','12 low-budget movies a year will be distributed later in various markets .')))

Input: In a sign the stock slump has n't quieted Europe 's takeover fever , Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to bid for one of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies , Cie. de Navigation Mixte .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies were Cie. de Navigation Mixte .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cie . Financiere de Paribas said .','It intends to bid for one of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies .'))

Input: Paribas is Allianz 's main French bank , and the Munich-based group said it intends to stay neutral .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Paribas is Allianz 's main French bank .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Munich-based group said .','It intends to stay neutral .'))

Input: But Navigation Mixte is loosely held and hard to defend .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Paribas officials , once considered France 's toughest bankers , felt abashed at Suez 's success and its rapid growth .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Paribas officials felt abashed at Suez 's success .','Paribas officials felt abashed at its rapid growth .' ), 'Paribas officials were once considered France 's toughest bankers .')

Input: He also told reporters the acquisition would give Paribas fresh diversity , bringing it properties in food and transport where it has been weak .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He also told reporters .','The acquisition would give Paribas fresh diversity reporters .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He also was bringing it properties in food and transport .','It has been weak .'))

Input: Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and canning concern , a bakery and bus and trucking firms , among others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among others .', CO/LIST('Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company .','Navigation Mixte has investments in a food and canning concern .','Navigation Mixte has investments in a bakery .','Navigation Mixte has investments in bus and trucking firms .'))

Input: Analysts said they do n't think it is contemplating a takeover , however , and its officials could n't be reached .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said , however .', SUB/ELABORATION('They do n't think .','It is contemplating a takeover .' ), 'Its officials could n't be reached .'))

Input: Crude oil futures prices fell further as analysts and traders said OPEC oil producers are n't putting the brakes on output ahead of the traditionally weak first quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Crude oil futures prices fell further .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts and traders said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on output ahead of the traditionally weak first quarter .','OPEC oil producers are n't putting the brakes .')))

Input: But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('First-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from eroding further .','But , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices .'))

Input: The Phillips plant makes polyethylene , polypropylene and other plastic products .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Platinum and palladium struggled to maintain their prices all day despite news stories over the weekend that recent cold fusion experiments , which use both metals , showed signs of producing extra heat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Platinum and palladium struggled to maintain their prices all day despite news stories over the weekend .','Recent cold fusion experiments showed signs of producing extra heat .' ), 'Recent cold fusion experiments use both metals .')

Input: Platinum is believed to have good support around $ 480 and palladium at around $ 130 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at around $ 130 .', CO/LIST('Platinum is believed to have good support around $ 480 .','Platinum is believed to have good support around palladium .'))

Input: Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain and other Western commodities and goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many analysts believe .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the market .','The Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain and other Western commodities and goods will bring them .' ), 'Prices rally very much .'))

Input: But acting as a drag on prices was the improved harvest weather over the weekend and the prospect for continued fair weather this week over much of the Farm Belt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the past week or so .','Traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was by Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the past week or so .','There have been expectations of a major purchase .')))

Input: Developing countries such as India , some analysts said , seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range , around 14.75 cents , and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range , around 13.50 cents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was around 13.50 cents .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was around 14.75 cents .','Developing countries such as India , some analysts said , seem to have made it a point to stay away whenever sugar reached the top of its trading range , and wait for prices to return to the bottom of the range .'))

Input: A PaineWebber analyst said that in light of a new estimate of a production increase of four million metric tons and only a modest increase in consumption , sugar is n't likely to rise above the top of its trading range without a crop problem in a major producing country .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a PaineWebber analyst said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in light of a new estimate of a production increase of four million metric tons .','This is in light of a new estimate of a production increase of only a modest increase in consumption .' ), ', Sugar is n't likely to rise above the top of its trading range without a crop problem in a major producing country .'))

Input: At such prices , according to Mr. Savaiko , bargain hunting and short-covering -- buying back of contracts previously sold -- by speculators is n't uncommon .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Savaiko is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at such prices .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Savaiko .','Bargain hunting and short-covering -- buying back of contracts -- by speculators is n't uncommon .' ), ', Contracts are sold .')))

Input: But Mr. Savaiko expects stepped-up producer selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Savaiko is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Savaiko expects stepped-up producer .',', Stepped-up producer is selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level .'))

Input: Ikegai-Goss , which has about 200 employees , is among the industry leaders in keyless inking technology , which reduces time and materials waste when preparing a press for printing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Ikegai-Goss is among the industry leaders in keyless inking technology .','Keyless inking technology reduces time and materials waste when preparing a press for printing .' ), 'Ikegai-Goss has about 200 employees .')

Input: The bond market , which sometimes thrives on bad news , cheered yesterday 's stock market sell-off and perceptions that the economy is growing weaker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The bond market cheered yesterday 's stock market sell-off .','The bond market cheered yesterday 's perceptions .' ), 'The economy is growing weaker .' ), 'The bond market sometimes thrives on bad news .')

Input: Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', Such news is good for bonds .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This is to lower interest rates in an effort .','This is to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession .' ), 'Economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve .'))

Input: In more evidence of the growing division between good and bad junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in more evidence of the growing division between good and bad junk bonds .','A $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors .' ), 'Underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers .')

Input: So far , money managers and other bond buyers have n't shown much interest in the Refcorp bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Refcorp bonds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .', CO/LIST('Money managers have n't shown much interest .','Other bond buyers have n't shown much interest .')))

Input: The issue yields 8.90 % and carries a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from the company .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue yields 8.90 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue carries a guarantee .','A guarantee is covering 9 % of the deal from the company .'))

Input: The rates were up from last week 's auction , when they were 7.37 % and 7.42 % , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The rates were up from last week 's auction .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .', CO/LIST('They were 7.37 % .','They were 7.42 % .')))

Input: Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's a segmented market , and if you have a good , strong credit , people have an appetite for it , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('It 's a segmented market .', SUB/CONDITION('You have a good , strong credit .','People have an appetite for it .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Activity in derivative markets was strong with four new real estate mortgage investment conduits announced and talk of several more deals in today 's session .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Federal National Mortgage Association offered $ 1.2 billion of Remic securities in three issues , and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. offered a $ 250 million Remic backed by 9 % 15-year securities .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in three issues .','The Federal National Mortgage Association offered $ 1.2 billion of Remic securities .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. offered a $ 250 million Remic .','A $ 250 million Remic was backed by 9 % 15-year securities .'))

Input: In the mortgage pass-through sector , active issues rose but trailed gains in the Treasury market .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the mortgage pass-through sector .','Active issues rose .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Treasury market .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the mortgage pass-through sector .','Active issues trailed gains .')))

Input: Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery were quoted late yesterday at 98 10\/32 , up 10\/32 ; and Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 1\/2 , up 1\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 10\/32 .','Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery were quoted late yesterday at 9810\/32 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 1\/4 .','Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 971\/2 .'))

Input: The refunding issue , which had been in the wings for two months , was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The refunding issue was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for two months .','The refunding issue had been in the wings .'))

Input: But alleviating that overhang failed to stimulate much activity in the secondary market , where prices were off 1\/8 to up 3\/8 point .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the secondary market point .','But alleviating that overhang failed to stimulate much activity .' ), 'Prices were off 1\/8 to up 3\/8 .')

Input: The issue was oversubscribed and doing very well , according to an official with lead underwriter Morgan Stanley .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan Stanley was an official with lead underwriter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Morgan Stanley .','The issue was oversubscribed and doing very well .'))

Input: I got to get back to school and straighten out my English .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There have been three days of hot , wind-swept rain , and now with the first sun we are after speckled seatrout , which with redfish provides most of the game fishing hereabouts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There have been three days of hot , wind-swept rain .', SUB/ELABORATION('Now with the first sun we are after speckled seatrout .',', Speckled seatrout with redfish provides most of the game fishing hereabouts .'))

Input: Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He paid an immense fine and was lucky , according to a local wag , to escape the gas chamber .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He paid an immense fine .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a local wag .','He was lucky to escape the gas chamber .'))

Input: The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice and cotton and sorghum as far as the eye can see .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with fields of rice and cotton .','The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain .' ), 'The peninsula sorghum as far as the eye can see .')

Input: Near the coast there are dense coverts of live oak interspersed with marshes and prairies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is near the coast .','There are dense coverts of live oak .' ), 'Live oak was interspersed with marshes and prairies .')

Input: Inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place called Tivoli , with a white church , a gas station and a grocery , the houses relatively close together for such a settlement in these parts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in these parts .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with a white church .','This was with a gas station .','This was with a grocery .' ), 'A place was called Tivoli the houses relatively close together for such a settlement .')))

Input: AEG and Siemens each will hold a 50 % stake in the venture .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company , which supplies transmissions and other drive-train parts to auto makers , said about half the earnings drop came from the virtual collapse of the Venezuelan auto industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','About half the earnings drop came from the virtual collapse of the Venezuelan auto industry .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to auto makers .', CO/LIST('The company supplies transmissions .','The company supplies other drive-train parts .')))

Input: Mr. Furuta did n't disclose further details of the arrangement at a news conference , but said the project would be undertaken with Ford 's European subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Furuta was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a news conference .','Furuta did n't disclose further details of the arrangement .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Furuta said .','The project would be undertaken with Ford 's European subsidiary .')))

Input: At age eight , Josephine Baker was sent by her mother to a white woman 's house to do chores in exchange for meals and a place to sleep -- a place in the basement with the coal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to a white woman 's house to do chores in exchange for meals to sleep -- a place in the basement with the coal .','This was to a white woman 's house to do chores in exchange for a place to sleep -- a place in the basement with the coal .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at age eight .','Josephine Baker was sent by her mother .'))

Input: It is the stuff of dreams , but also of traumas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And , for Ms. Baker , the ride was far from over .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Baker was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Baker .','And the ride was far from over .'))

Input: Her bare breasts , her dancing , her voice , her beauty and , perhaps most famously , her derriere , were prominent attractions , but courage of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was perhaps .', SUB/ELABORATION('Her bare breasts were her dancing .', SUB/ELABORATION('Her bare breasts her voice , her beauty and most famously were her derriere .','Her bare breasts her voice , her beauty and most famously were prominent attractions .' ), ', Courage of a rare sort made her remarkable life possible .')))

Input: Bricktop , another American black woman who found a measure of fame in Paris , said : I do n't think I 've ever known anyone with a less complicated view of life , or whose life was more complicated than Josephine 's .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bricktop was another American black woman .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Paris .','Another American black woman found a measure of fame .' ), 'Bricktop said .' ), 'I do n't think I 've ever known anyone with a less complicated view of life , or whose life was more complicated than Josephine 's .'))

Input: She adopted 12 of assorted races , naming them the Rainbow Tribe , and driving her husband first to despair and then to Argentina .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She adopted 12 of assorted races .', CO/LIST(', She was naming them the Rainbow Tribe .',', She was driving her husband first to despair and then to Argentina .'))

Input: To be exotic was to be patronized as well as prized , but for the most part Paris was a friendly island in a racist world .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('To be exotic was to be patronized as well as prized .', SUB/ELABORATION('Paris was part .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the most .','Paris was a friendly island in a racist world .')))

Input: Baker had bitter experience of bigotry from her St. Louis childhood and her days in New York theater , where she was judged too dark for an all-black chorus line -LRB- performing of course for all-white audiences -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('Baker had bitter experience of bigotry from her St. Louis childhood .','Baker had bitter experience of her days in New York theater .' ), ', She was judged too dark for an all-black chorus line -LRB- performing of course for all-white audiences -RRB- .')

Input: Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing had uncovered a new region for desire and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Rose was Ms. .','Rose quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing had uncovered a new region for desire and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Rose is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Wesleyan University .','Rose teaches literature .')))

Input: She was devoted to Charles de Gaulle 's cause , accepting great financial sacrifice and considerable risk to become first a spy and then a one-woman USO tour for the forces of Free France .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She was devoted to Charles de Gaulle 's cause .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST(', She was accepting great financial sacrifice .',', She was accepting considerable risk .' ), 'This was to become first a spy and then a one-woman USO tour for the forces of Free France .'))

Input: The Free French wore black arm bands , and when she sang J'ai deux amours they wept .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Free French wore black arm bands .', SUB/ELABORATION(', She sang J'ai deux amours .','They wept .'))

Input: Ms. Rose is best on the early years and World War II .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rose is Ms. .', CO/LIST('Rose is best on the early years .','Rose is best on World War II .'))

Input: One devoted fan who fell under Baker 's spell in 1963 and began collecting Baker memorabilia was Bryan Hammond .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The text by Patrick O', Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker The most sensational woman anybody ever saw .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The text by Patrick O', Connor is a tough read .', CO/LIST('The pictures make her magnetism clear .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the pictures help explain .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ernest Hemingway called Baker .','The most sensational woman anybody ever saw .'))))

Input: Manville , having rid itself of asbestos , now sells fiberglass , forest products , minerals and industrial goods .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is of asbestos .', CO/LIST('Manville , having rid itself , now sells fiberglass .','Manville , having rid itself , now sells forest products .','Manville , having rid itself , now sells minerals .','Manville , having rid itself , now sells industrial goods .'))

Input: When and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its Manville stock to cash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The trust runs out of cash .', CO/LIST('-- which seems increasingly likely .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to cash .','It will need to convert its Manville stock .')))

Input: But as an 80 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the market .','It tried to sell much of its stock .' ), 'But as an 80 % owner , it would likely depress the price of its shares .')

Input: And as of midyear , settled but unpaid claims amounted to $ 136 million -- more than half the trust 's total of $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And both the trust and Manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity that , in the asbestos era , tarred the Manville name .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And both the trust and Manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the asbestos era .','The bad publicity tarred the Manville name .'))

Input: And Mr. Kleinaitis says that with 80 % of its stock in friendly hands , Manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kleinaitis was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Kleinaitis says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with 80 % of its stock in friendly hands .','Manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul .')))

Input: Emerson Electric Co. and Robert Bosch G.m.b.H. said the Federal Trade Commission has requested additional information from the two companies about their announced intention to acquire Vermont American Corp. for $ 40 a share , or about $ 440 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Emerson Electric Co. and Robert Bosch G.m.b.H. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was about their announced intention to acquire Vermont American Corp. for $ 40 a share .','This was about their announced intention to acquire Vermont American Corp. for about $ 440 million .' ), 'This was from the two companies .' ), 'The Federal Trade Commission has requested additional information .'))

Input: The FTC 's request was not unusual and Emerson will make a full and prompt response , according to a spokesman .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a spokesman .','The FTC 's request was not unusual .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a spokesman .','Emerson will make a full and prompt response .'))

Input: Spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American , which has agreed to be acquired , said they do n't anticipate any problems with the completion of the transaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the completion of the transaction .','They do n't anticipate any problems .' ), ', Spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American has agreed to be acquired .'))

Input: An FTC spokesman said the matter is in a non-public posture at this time and declined to comment further .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an FTC spokesman said .','The matter is in a non-public posture at this time .' ), 'An FTC spokesman declined to comment further .')

Input: Emerson and Bosch , through their joint acquisition arm , Maple Acquisition , have begun a cash tender offer for all of Vermont 's common shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Their joint acquisition arm was Maple Acquisition .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through their joint acquisition arm .','Emerson and Bosch have begun a cash tender offer for all of Vermont 's common shares outstanding .'))

Input: The offer , set to expire Nov. 1 , may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the FTC request , the companies said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The offer may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the FTC request .','The offer was set to expire Nov. 1 .' ), 'This was what the companies said .')

Input: Santa Fe Pacific Realty is a major California land and building owner whose prime properties include 1,850 undeveloped acres in the San Francisco Bay area , and several office sites .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Santa Fe Pacific Realty is a major California land and building owner .',', Santa Fe Pacific Realty is several office sites .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A major California land include 1,850 undeveloped acres in the San Francisco Bay area .','Building owner include 1,850 undeveloped acres in the San Francisco Bay area .' ), ','s prime A major California land and building owner .'))

Input: As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the board of the real estate operation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result of the partial sale and spinoff .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to officials of the fund .','The $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats .' ), 'The fund described the plan .')))

Input: Also holding two seats each on the board , they said , would be Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , controlled by the Reichmann family of Canada , and Itel Corp. , controlled by Chicago businessman Sam Zell .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Reichmanns and Mr. Zell , the largest holders of Santa Fe Pacific stock , have been looking for ways to raise the value of their investments , including possible spinoffs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zell was The Reichmanns and Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Zell was the largest holders of Santa Fe Pacific stock .', SUB/PURPOSE('Zell have been looking for ways .','This was to raise the value of their investments , including possible spinoffs .')))

Input: Itel bought a 17 % stake in Sante Fe Pacific last year and Olympia & York later purchased about a 20 % stake ; they would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings in Sante Fe Pacific .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Itel bought a 17 % stake in Sante Fe Pacific last year .','Itel bought Olympia & York later purchased about a 20 % stake .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Sante Fe Pacific .','They would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings .'))

Input: But fund officials said the Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with California properties .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what fund officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio .','A large real estate portfolio was weighted with California properties .'))

Input: The realty unit might take on new debt or obtain additional investors , among other possibilities .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The realty unit might take on new debt .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other possibilities .','The realty unit might obtain additional investors .'))

Input: It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land with development potential , but under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California , Arizona and the Chicago area .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with development potential .','It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was under a previously announced strategy .', CO/LIST('The company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California .','The company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in Arizona .','The company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in the Chicago area .')))

Input: The California pension fund , which has $ 16 billion already invested in real estate and mortgages , could be a valuable funding source for that development , although it is n't obliged to make further investments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST('The California pension fund could be a valuable funding source for that development .','It is n't obliged to make further investments .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The California pension fund has $ 16 billion .','$ 16 billion was invested in real estate and mortgages .'))

Input: The fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund , and it has a growing cash flow now topping $ 3 billion a year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund .', SUB/ELABORATION('It has a growing cash flow .','A growing cash flow is topping $ 3 billion a year .'))

Input: Fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with Santa Fe Pacific , but they were approached with the idea by real estate brokers JMB Realty Corp. of Chicago .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with Santa Fe Pacific .', SUB/ELABORATION('JMB Realty Corp. was real estate brokers .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was by JMB Realty Corp. of Chicago .','They were approached with the idea .')))

Input: After two mistrials , the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman , James T. Sherwin , have changed considerably .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman were James T. Sherwin .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after two mistrials .','The stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman have changed considerably .'))

Input: In an eight-count indictment , the government charged GAF , a Wayne , N.J. , chemical maker , and Mr. Sherwin with illegally attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in 1986 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sherwin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with illegally attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in 1986 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an eight-count indictment .','The government charged GAF , a Wayne , N.J. , chemical maker , and Sherwin .')))

Input: The GAF trials were viewed as previews of the government 's strength in its cases against Mr. Lewis and Mr. Bilzerian .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lewis was strength in its cases against Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bilzerian was Lewis and Mr. .','The GAF trials were viewed as previews of the government 's Bilzerian .'))

Input: But GAF 's bellwether role was short-lived .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The first GAF trial ended in a mistrial after four weeks when U.S. District Judge Mary Johnson Lowe found that a prosecutor improperly , but unintentionally , withheld a document .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mary Johnson Lowe was U.S. District Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after four weeks .','The first GAF trial ended in a mistrial .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Mary Johnson Lowe found .','A prosecutor improperly , but unintentionally , withheld a document .')))

Input: After 93 hours of deliberation , the jurors in the second trial said they were hopelessly deadlocked , and another mistrial was declared on March 22 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the jurors in the second trial said after 93 hours of deliberation .','They were hopelessly deadlocked .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was after 93 hours of deliberation .','Another mistrial was declared on March 22 .'))

Input: Meanwhile , a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bilzerian was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in June .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .', CO/LIST('A federal jury found Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud .','A federal jury found Bilzerian guilty on other charges .'))))

Input: The mistrials have left the reputations of GAF , Mr. Sherwin and GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman in limbo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sherwin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Samuel Heyman was GAF Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in limbo .','The mistrials have left the reputations of GAF , Sherwin and Samuel Heyman .')))

Input: For Mr. Sherwin , a conviction could carry penalties of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each count .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sherwin is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for Sherwin .', CO/LIST('A conviction could carry penalties of five years in prison .','A conviction could carry penalties of a $ 250,000 fine on each count .')))

Input: There is much speculation among attorneys not involved that the strategy of GAF 's attorney , Arthur Liman , and Mr. Sherwin 's counsel , Stephen Kaufman , will include testimony by Mr. Sherwin or Mr. Heyman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sherwin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The strategy of GAF 's attorney , Arthur Liman , and Sherwin 's counsel were Stephen Kaufman .', SUB/ELABORATION('There is much speculation among attorneys not involved .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by Sherwin or Heyman .','The strategy of GAF 's attorney , Arthur Liman , and Sherwin 's counsel will include testimony .'))))

Input: It also bars future suits against Robins company officials , members of the Robins family and Robins 's former insurer , Aetna Life & Casualty Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robins 's former insurer is Aetna Life & Casualty Co .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is against Robins company officials .','This is against members of the Robins family .','This is against Robins 's former insurer .' ), 'It also bars future suits .'))

Input: The company made and marketed the Dalkon Shield in the early 1970s amid mounting evidence that it could cause serious injuries .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company made .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid mounting evidence .','It could cause serious injuries .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the early 1970s .','The company marketed the Dalkon Shield .')))

Input: American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is but .','American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins .' ), 'All legal challenges to the plan are exhausted .')

Input: In a brief filed with the Supreme Court last week , Mr. Pretl criticizes the appeal for raising abstract and theoretical legal issues , while jeopardizing the proposed reorganization and the settlement payments to claimants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pretl was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a brief last week .','A brief was filed with the Supreme Court .' )CO/LIST('Pretl criticizes the appeal for raising abstract and theoretical legal issues , while jeopardizing the proposed reorganization .','Pretl criticizes the appeal for raising abstract and theoretical legal issues , while jeopardizing the settlement payments to claimants .')))

Input: Under Superfund , those who owned , generated or transported hazardous waste are liable for its cleanup , regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under Superfund .','Those are liable for its cleanup .' ), 'Those owned , generated or transported hazardous waste .'))

Input: Mr. Donohoo faces as much as three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine for the Superfund conviction and as much as one year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine for the violation of the Clean Air Act .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Donohoo is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Donohoo faces as much as three years in prison .','Donohoo faces a $ 250,000 fine for the Superfund conviction and as much as one year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine for the violation of the Clean Air Act .'))

Input: The key issue in the case , which the law firm is handling without a fee , or pro bono , is whether a person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The key issue in the case , or pro bono , is .','A person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review .' ), 'The law firm is handling without a fee the case .')

Input: Wilmer Cutler 's brief argues that there is no mandatory appellate review of capital sentences and that the inmate who filed the appeal lacks proper standing .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Wilmer Cutler 's brief argues .', SUB/ELABORATION('That there is no mandatory appellate review of capital sentences and that the inmate lacks proper standing .','The inmate filed the appeal .'))

Input: James Burke and Larry Evans , formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery , and Prudence Clark , a Barclay sales representative , were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Clark was Prudence .',', Clark was a Barclay sales representative .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('James Burke and Larry Evans were formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery .','James Burke and Larry Evans were formerly Prudence Clark .' ), 'James Burke and Larry Evans were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs .'))

Input: Henry Pitman , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case , said about 1,000 customers were defrauded and that Barclay 's total proceeds from the sales were $ 3.4 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Henry Pitman was the assistant U.S. attorney .','The assistant U.S. attorney was handling the case .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Henry Pitman said .', CO/LIST('About 1,000 customers were defrauded .','That Barclay 's total proceeds from the sales were $ 3.4 million .')))

Input: It did n't specify the nature of the differences , saying only that they related to management style and strategic objectives .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It did n't specify the nature of the differences .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it was saying .','Only that they related to management style and strategic objectives .'))

Input: When he was hired , Mr. Payne lauded Mr. Decker 's extraordinary ... skills and his outstanding reputation as one of the West 's brightest bankers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Payne was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('He was hired .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as one of the West 's brightest bankers .','Payne lauded Decker 's extraordinary ... skills and his outstanding reputation .')))

Input: For the full fiscal year , Varian posted a 13 % profit rise to $ 31.5 million , or $ 1.53 a share , up from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.27 a share , last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.27 a share , last year .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 31.5 million .','This was to $ 1.53 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the full fiscal year .','Varian posted a 13 % profit rise .')))

Input: A profit last year in both the quarter and year included a net gain of $ 9.6 million , or 44 cents a share , from the sale of a division .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the sale of a division .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A profit last year in both the quarter and year included a net gain of $ 9.6 million .','A profit last year in both the quarter and year included a net gain of 44 cents a share .'))

Input: Additionally , the full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 22.8 million , or $ 1.04 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was additionally .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 22.8 million .','The full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 1.04 a share .'))

Input: In a last-ditch effort to keep its sales force and customer base , Integrated Resources Inc. said it agreed in principle to transfer ownership of its broker-dealer subsidiary to two of its top executives .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Integrated Resources Inc. said in a last-ditch effort to keep its sales force and customer base .', SUB/PURPOSE('It agreed in principle .','This was to transfer ownership of its broker-dealer subsidiary to two of its top executives .'))

Input: In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary .','This is to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the transaction .','Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary .'))

Input: Mr. Krat indicated that completion of the transaction could take several weeks , and it was n't immediately clear what would happen to the broker-dealer subsidiary if Integrated files for bankruptcy-law protection in the meantime .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Krat was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Krat indicated .',', Completion of the transaction could take several weeks .' ), 'It was n't immediately clear what would happen to the broker-dealer subsidiary if Integrated files for bankruptcy-law protection in the meantime .'))

Input: I think it was something that we and they thought was constructive , said Stephen D. Weinroth , chairman and co-chief executive officer of Integrated .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the U.S. output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain on an annual basis , slowing somewhat from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , but still fairly strong .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The consensus view on real GNP is the total value of the U.S. output of goods and services .', CO/LIST('Goods were adjusted for inflation .',', Services were adjusted for inflation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The consensus view on real GNP calls for a 2.3 % gain on an annual basis 's 2.5 % , but still fairly strong .','A 2.3 % gain on an annual basis is slowing somewhat from the second quarter .')))

Input: Many contend that the report may overstate the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Many contend .', CO/LIST('The report may overstate the economy 's health .', SUB/ELABORATION('The report may predict .','The third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come .')))

Input: Traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a natural bottom at about 1.85 marks and 140 yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', CO/LIST('Traders are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a natural bottom at about 1.85 marks .','Traders are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a natural bottom at 140 yen .'))

Input: Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Liz Claiborne Inc. was New York .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Liz Claiborne Inc. said .', CO/LIST('Its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % .', CO/LIST('Its third-quarter net income was citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines .','Its third-quarter net income was citing a men 's fragrance .','Its third-quarter net income was citing large-size women 's apparel .','Its third-quarter net income was citing casual knitwear .'))))

Input: The big apparel maker and retailer said that its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 51.1 million , or 58 cents a share , from $ 31.7 million , or 36 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the big apparel maker and retailer said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 31.7 million a year earlier .','This was from 36 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 51.1 million .','Its net income in the latest quarter increased to 58 cents a share .')))

Input: But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday , with many observers saying they expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with many observers .','But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what many observers were saying .','They expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week .'))

Input: But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy .','But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the dollar .' ), 'This was what traders said .')

Input: He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was based on specific incentives .','This was based on the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term .' ), 'Investors were picking individual stocks .'))

Input: The selective approach blurred themes such as domestic-demand issues , large-capitalization issues or high-technology shares , which had been providing at least some trading direction over the past few weeks , Mr. Wada said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Wada was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The selective approach blurred themes such as domestic-demand issues .','The selective approach blurred themes such as large-capitalization issues .','The selective approach blurred themes such as high-technology shares .' ), 'This was what Wada said .' ), 'Themes such as domestic-demand issues , large-capitalization issues or high-technology shares had been providing at least some trading direction over the past few weeks .'))

Input: Investors took profits on major construction shares , which advanced last week , shifting their attention to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp. , Tobishima and Maeda .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on major construction shares .','Investors took profits .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp. , Tobishima and Maeda .','Major construction shares advanced last week , shifting their attention .'))

Input: Teijin was up 15 at 936 , and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Teijin was up 15 at 936 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1,770 .','Kyowa Hakko gained 30 .'))

Input: Limited volume ahead of the September trade data showed the market is nervous , but dealers added that the day 's modest gains also signaled some support for London equities .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Limited volume ahead of the September trade data showed .','The market is nervous .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Dealers added .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was for London equities .','The day 's modest gains also signaled some support .')))

Input: They pegged the support largely to anticipation that Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in July and August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They pegged the support largely to anticipation .', SUB/ELABORATION('Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits .','The near record deficits were seen in July and August .'))

Input: It 's a case of the market being too high to buy and too afraid to sell , a senior dealer with Kleinwort Benson Securities said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's a case of the market .','The market is being too high to buy and too afraid to sell .' ), 'This was what a senior dealer with Kleinwort Benson Securities said .')

Input: Dealers , however , said forecasts are broadly divergent with estimates ranging between # 1 billion and # 2 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Forecasts are broadly divergent with estimates .','Estimates are ranging between # 1 billion and # 2 billion .'))

Input: Lucas Industries , a British automotive and aerospace concern , rose 13 pence to 614 pence after it said its pretax profit for the year rose 28 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lucas Industries were a British automotive and aerospace concern .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 614 pence .','Lucas Industries rose 13 pence .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .','Its pretax profit for the year rose 28 % .')))

Input: The market is still 4 % short of its level before the plunge , and analysts are n't sure how long it will take until the DAX has closed that gap .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is before the plunge .','The market is still 4 % short of its level .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Analysts are n't sure .', SUB/CONDITION('It will take .','The DAX has closed that gap .')))

Input: But Norbert Braeuer , chief trader at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale -LRB- Helaba -RRB- , said he expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Norbert Braeuer was chief trader at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale -LRB- Helaba -RRB- .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Norbert Braeuer said .','He expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks .'))

Input: Auto shares were mixed , as Daimler-Benz firmed 2 to 723 , Bayerische Motoren Werke lost the same amount to 554 , and Volkswagen inched down 1.4 to 451.6 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Auto shares were mixed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 723 .','Daimler-Benz firmed 2 .' ), 'Volkswagen inched down 1.4 to 451.6 .'))

Input: Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam , lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan , mixed in Brussels and unchanged in Paris .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Amsterdam mixed in Brussels and unchanged .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Paris .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .','Prices closed higher .'))))

Input: Shares closed higher in Hong Kong , Singapore and Manila , and were lower in Sydney , Seoul and Taipei .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Hong Kong , Singapore and Manila .',', Shares closed higher .' ), ', Shares were lower in Sydney , Seoul and Taipei .')

Input: Enviropact Inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell its pump and tank division and drilling division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Enviropact Inc. said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in principle .','It entered into an agreement .' ), 'This was to sell its pump and tank division and drilling division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million .'))

Input: Enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million that was due Sept. 15 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Enviropact said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million .','Its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million was due Sept. 15 .'))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: Bankers Trust New York Corp. , as expected , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.42 billion , or $ 17.39 a share , following its $ 1.6 billion boost in reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to less-developed countries .','This was following its $ 1.6 billion boost in reserves for losses on loans .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as expected .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Bankers Trust New York Corp. reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.42 billion .','Bankers Trust New York Corp. reported a third-quarter loss of $ 17.39 a share .')))

Input: The loss compares with net income of $ 162.1 million , or $ 2.01 a share , in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The loss compares with net income of $ 162.1 million .','The loss compares with net income of $ 2.01 a share .'))

Input: Mr. Brooks declined to give his age , but he said his leaving is a normal retirement .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Brooks was Mr. .','Brooks declined to give his age .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','His leaving is a normal retirement .'))

Input: Clairol , which makes hair and skin products , was a division of Bristol-Myers Co. before that company 's merger with Squibb Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before that company 's merger with Squibb Corp .',', Clairol was a division of Bristol-Myers Co. .' ), ', Clairol makes hair and skin products .')

Input: Coniston , a New York investment partnership , awaits a vote by TW 's shareholders , scheduled for Friday , on Coniston 's $ 34-a-share , or $ 1.66 billion , offer for TW .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Coniston was a New York investment partnership .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by TW 's shareholders .',', Coniston awaits a vote on Coniston 's $ 34-a-share , or $ 1.66 billion , offer for TW .' ), 'TW 's shareholders were scheduled for Friday .'))

Input: Nine-month net income dropped 47 % to $ 26.3 million , or 54 cents a share , from $ 49.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 26.3 million .','This was to 54 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 49.7 million .','This was from $ 1.02 a share .' ), 'Nine-month net income dropped 47 % .'))

Input: Cummins Engine Co. , Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million , or $ 4.12 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from heavy-truck makers .',', Cummins Engine Co. was Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Cummins Engine Co. reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million .',', Cummins Engine Co. reported a third-quarter loss of $ 4.12 a share .')))

Input: In the year-earlier period , the maker of diesel engines and parts had a narrower deficit of $ 17.6 million , or $ 1.84 a share , with sales of $ 808.3 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with sales of $ 808.3 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The maker of diesel engines and parts had a narrower deficit of $ 17.6 million .','The maker of diesel engines and parts had a narrower deficit of $ 1.84 a share .')))

Input: The action is a counterclaim to a suit filed by Alaska in August against Exxon and six other oil companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The action is a counterclaim to a suit .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was against Exxon .','This was against six other oil companies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','A suit was filed by Alaska .')))

Input: Exxon said in its suit that it will seek reimbursement from the state for that part of the cleanup costs and damage claims it says resulted from the state 's conduct .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Exxon said in its suit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the state for that part of the cleanup costs and damage claims it says resulted from the state 's conduct .','It will seek reimbursement .'))

Input: Since the spill last March , Exxon and the state have been wrangling over whether spraying dispersant on the oil in the first hours after the spill , when the weather was clear and calm , would have helped limit the environmental damage .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since the spill .', CO/LIST('Last March , Exxon have been wrangling over whether spraying dispersant on the oil in the first hours after the spill would have helped limit the environmental damage .','Last March , the state have been wrangling over whether spraying dispersant on the oil in the first hours after the spill would have helped limit the environmental damage .' ), 'The weather was clear and calm .'))

Input: Exxon claims that use of dispersants , which break an oil slick into microscopic droplets , was a crucial part of its immediate-response plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Exxon claims .','That use of dispersants was a crucial part of its immediate-response plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is into microscopic droplets .','Use of dispersants break an oil slick .'))

Input: Alaskan and Coast Guard officials say Exxon 's charges are n't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the dispersant was n't working anyway .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what alaskan and Coast Guard officials say .', SUB/CAUSE('Exxon 's charges are n't relevant .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed .','The dispersant was n't working anyway .')))

Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Meson said it holds 67,400 Verit common shares , including net purchases of 8,100 shares bought from Oct. 10 , 1988 , to Oct. 11 , 1989 , for $ 3.875 to $ 7 each .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Meson said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is including net purchases of 8,100 shares .','It holds 67,400 Verit common shares .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Oct. 11 , 1989 , for $ 3.875 to $ 7 each .','8,100 shares were bought from Oct. 10 , 1988 .')))

Input: The House Appropriations Committee approved an estimated $ 2.85 billion in emergency funding to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and to extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/PURPOSE('This was in emergency funding .','This was to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and to extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo .' ), 'The House Appropriations Committee approved an estimated $ 2.85 billion .')

Input: The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration , but it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more and waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was with influential California lawmakers .','It also provoked a struggle .' ), 'A struggle with influential California lawmakers sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more and waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds .'))

Input: The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', CO/LIST('The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans .','The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1 billion in highway construction funds .','The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .'))

Input: The measure is expected to come before the House today , and Congress is under pressure to complete action before midnight EDT tomorrow , when the current continuing resolution expires .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The measure is expected to come before the House today .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/PURPOSE(', Congress is under pressure .','This is to complete action before midnight EDT tomorrow .' ), 'The current continuing resolution expires .'))

Input: But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Darman was Budget Director .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Darman argued in private meetings .','Only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources .'))

Input: Everybody appreciates that it is a national disaster and that we 've got to address it , said Mr. Darman , who came to the Capitol to meet with Mr. Whitten and California lawmakers before the committee session .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A master of pork-barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in vintage style .','A master of pork-barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package .' ), 'A master of pork-barrel politics , he had used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative .')

Input: The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands , and lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in North and South Carolina .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions .','Provisions were inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to plant timber .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was on private land in North and South Carolina .','Lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid .')))

Input: However , Raymond C. Kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said The company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Raymond C. Kurzweil was chairman and chief executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Raymond C. Kurzweil said .','The company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology .'))

Input: Amtech , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas , said its final audited results are due in late November .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Amtech said .','Its final audited results are due in late November .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies .','Amtech also provides technical temporary employment services in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas .'))

Input: The company attributed the improvement to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of Echelon Service Co. and the inclusion of a full year 's results of operations for RTS Inc. , compared with seven months ' results for the prior year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of Echelon Service Co. .','This was to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of the inclusion of a full year 's results of operations for RTS Inc. .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the prior year .','This was compared with seven months ' results .' ), 'The company attributed the improvement .'))

Input: In a foreign-policy address before the Soviet legislature , the foreign minister conceded that the radar station in Krasnoyarsk breached the superpower Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty and said it would be dismantled .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the foreign minister conceded in a foreign-policy address before the Soviet legislature .', CO/LIST('The radar station in Krasnoyarsk breached the superpower Anti-Ballistic Missile treaty .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the radar station in Krasnoyarsk said .','It would be dismantled .')))

Input: He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement in the war in Afghanistan , saying it involved gross violations of ... civil norms and ethics .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the war in Afghanistan .','He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he was saying .', CO/LIST('It involved gross violations of ... civil norms .','It involved gross violations of ... ethics .')))

Input: Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Travelers crowded into subways .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on major freeways .','Travelers sat in traffic jams .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the rain .','Travelers waited for buses .' ), 'The massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized .'))

Input: Hungary declared itself a democracy and for the first time openly commemorated the anniversary of the 1956 anti-Stalinist uprising that was crushed by the Soviet Union .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hungary declared itself a democracy .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hungary for the first time openly commemorated the anniversary of the 1956 anti-Stalinist uprising .','The anniversary of the 1956 anti-Stalinist uprising was crushed by the Soviet Union .'))

Input: About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the Communist leadership to introduce democratic freedoms .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in three other cities in a fresh challenge .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Communist leadership .','About 200,000 East Germans thousands more staged protests .' ), 'This was to introduce democratic freedoms .')))

Input: Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas .', CO/LIST('Explosions were hurling debris .','Explosions were causing a fire visible from 10 miles away .'))

Input: CMS Enhancements Inc. said it estimates that sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended Sept. 30 fell somewhat from the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what CMS Enhancements Inc. said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it estimates .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter fell somewhat from the year-earlier period .','The fiscal first quarter was ended Sept. 30 .')))

Input: A year earlier , CMS posted profit of $ 1.1 million , or 13 cents a share , on sales of $ 48 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 48 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', CMS posted profit of $ 1.1 million .',', CMS posted profit of 13 cents a share .')))

Input: As a result of dropping the liquidation plan , shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of dropping the liquidation plan .',', Shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital .' ), 'This was what the company said .')

Input: A.H. Belo Corp. said its net income was $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 663,000 , or three cents a share , last year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what A.H. Belo Corp. said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Its net income was $ 3.1 million , last year .','Its net income was 15 cents a share , in the third quarter , more than four times its profit of $ 663,000 , or three cents a share , last year .'))

Input: Included in the results was an adjustment to the Dallas-based company 's tax rate that reduced net income by about 10 cents a share , or approximately $ 2 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Dallas-based company 's tax rate .','Included in the results was an adjustment .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was by about 10 cents a share .','This was by approximately $ 2 million .' ), 'An adjustment to the Dallas-based company 's tax rate reduced net income .'))

Input: The newspaper and television owner said it expects the tax adjustment to reduce its net income for the full year by 14 cents , or approximately $ 2.8 million based on its 20.2 million shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the newspaper and television owner said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was for the full year by 14 cents .','This was for approximately $ 2.8 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on its 20.2 million shares outstanding .','It expects the tax adjustment to reduce its net income .')))

Input: For the nine months , the company had net income of $ 15.1 million , or 74 cents a share , up 98 % from $ 7.6 million , or 38 cents a share last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 98 % from $ 7.6 million , or 38 cents a share last year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had net income of $ 15.1 million .','The company had net income of 74 cents a share .')))

Input: The California Student Aid Commission took the action Oct. 15 after a government audit cited National Technical Schools for having courses too short to be eligible for the educational loan program and having a student drop-out rate far in excess of federal standards , and it alleged other serious violations of law and regulations .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/TEMPORAL('The California Student Aid Commission took the action Oct. 15 .','A government audit cited National Technical Schools for having courses too short to be eligible for the educational loan program and having a student drop-out rate far in excess of federal standards .' ), 'It alleged other serious violations of law and regulations .')

Input: A decline in Allied-Signal Inc. 's automotive business contributed to flat sales and only slightly higher earnings in the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', CO/LIST('A decline in Allied-Signal Inc. 's automotive business contributed to flat sales .','A decline in Allied-Signal Inc. 's automotive business contributed to only slightly higher earnings .'))

Input: Chairman Edward L. Hennessy Jr. said that a drop in sales of auto and truck parts contributed to lower earnings in the automotive unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward L. Hennessy Jr. was Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Edward L. Hennessy Jr. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the automotive unit .','A drop in sales of auto and truck parts contributed to lower earnings .')))

Input: Earnings at Allied-Signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 55 million from $ 41 million a year ago , primarily on higher sales and profit in its engines and auxiliary power units .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was primarily .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on higher sales and profit in its engines and auxiliary power units .','This was from $ 41 million a year ago .' ), 'Earnings at Allied-Signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 55 million .'))

Input: The regulations , required under legislation enacted by Congress last year , will apply to imports of vehicles that were n't built to meet U.S. government auto safety standards and were intended for use in Europe or elsewhere abroad .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The regulations will apply to imports of vehicles .', CO/LIST('Vehicles were n't built to meet U.S. government auto safety standards .','Vehicles were intended for use in Europe or elsewhere abroad .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The regulations were required under legislation .','Legislation was enacted by Congress last year .')))

Input: ods from anywhere in the world .
Prediction: NONE

Input: aton announcement .
Prediction: NONE

Input: nless they carve out as many solidly minority districts as possible .
Prediction: NONE

Input: er the legitimacy of the arms-control process itself .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: e too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection to operate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: sco .
Prediction: NONE

Input: by word that a large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early November .
Prediction: NONE

Input: to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out or other transaction .
Prediction: NONE

Input: , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the fiscal year .','The fiscal year was ended June 30 .' ), 'This was on revenue of $ 10.6 million .' ), 'Which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share .')

Input: t in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , It would n't surprise me if -LCB- Jaguar executives -RCB- want to wait and see what the color of that -LCB- Ford bid -RCB- is first .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the talks .','T in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close , adding , It would n't surprise me .' ), '-LCB- Jaguar executives -RCB- want to wait and see what the color of that -LCB- Ford bid -RCB- is first .')

Input: e price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('E price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Any surplus was left with underwriters .','They try to sell the issue in the open market .'))

Input: y get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the quickest offering the most extensive plan , he said .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Y get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for now .','They are the quickest .' ), 'The quickest is offering the most extensive plan .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: jurors may not always work that way , but some court observers question why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Jurors may not always work that way .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some court observers question .','Why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to .'))

Input:  ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: ecessity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: important , what not to do .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  depreciation and amortization .
Prediction: NONE

Input: job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work .
Prediction: NONE

Input: up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: rading direction over the past few weeks , Mr. Wada said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wada was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Wada was rading direction over the past few weeks .','Wada said .'))

Input: Sen. Alan Cranston trekked over to the House side of Capitol Hill a few days ago and volunteered his testimony to fellow Democrat Rep. Henry Gonzalez .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Cranston was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Henry Gonzalez was fellow Democrat Rep. .', CO/LIST('Alan Cranston trekked over to the House side of Capitol Hill a few days ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Henry Gonzalez .','Alan Cranston volunteered his testimony .'))))

Input: Seldom have House hearings caused so much apprehension in the Senate , where California Sen. Cranston and four other senators were already writhing in the glare of unfavorable publicity over the alleged looting of Lincoln by their friend and political benefactor , Charles Keating Jr. , principal stockholder of Lincoln 's parent company , American Continental Corp. of Phoenix , Ariz .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the principal regulator of the thrift industry , Mr. Wall delayed seizing Lincoln S&L for more than two years after his staff told him that the California thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wall was Mr. .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as the principal regulator of the thrift industry .','Wall delayed seizing Lincoln S&L for more than two years .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what his staff told him .','That the California thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly .')))

Input: Rep. Gonzalez seems primed to lash out at Mr. Wall when hearings resume Thursday with testimony by two federal regulators from San Francisco , William Black and Mike Patriarca .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gonzalez was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wall was Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was from San Francisco .','This was from William Black .','This was from Mike Patriarca .' ), 'Gonzalez seems primed to lash out at Wall when hearings resume Thursday with testimony by two federal regulators .')))

Input: I think he is trying to improperly influence a witness , and by God I 'm not going to tolerate it , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','He is trying to improperly influence a witness .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by God .','I 'm not going to tolerate it .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: Mr. Wall , however , is a self-proclaimed child of the Senate and former staff director of its Banking Committee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wall is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', CO/LIST('Wall is a self-proclaimed child of the Senate .','Wall is former staff director of its Banking Committee .')))

Input: And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , I too am astounded by it .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a very bad position .','Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators .'))

Input: Mr. Keating lives in Phoenix , and the California thrift 's parent is an Ohio-chartered corporation with holdings in Michigan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Keating is Mr. .','Keating lives in Phoenix .' ), 'The California thrift 's parent is an Ohio-chartered corporation with holdings in Michigan .')

Input: He 's wise , he 's good and I know he 's an honest man , the Texan says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('He 's wise .','He 's good .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i know .','He 's an honest man .' ), 'This is what the Texan says .'))

Input: But at the same time , Mr. Gonzalez has n't forgotten a confrontation over Mr. Wall during House-Senate negotiations over S&L bailout legislation during the summer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gonzalez was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during House-Senate negotiations over S&L bailout legislation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the summer .','But at the same time , Gonzalez has n't forgotten a confrontation over Wall .')))

Input: But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Keating is fraud suit against Mr. .', CO/LIST('But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 1.1 billion Keating .','But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press others .'))

Input: But the witness , William Crawford , California 's chief state thrift regulator , denies saying that .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('William Crawford is California 's chief state thrift regulator .','William Crawford is the witness .' ), 'But the witness denies saying that .')

Input: I do n't know whether it was done properly or not , because I 'm not a lawyer , he said in a telephone interview yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CAUSE('I do n't know .','I 'm not a lawyer .' ), 'It was done properly .' ), 'This was what he said in a telephone interview yesterday .')

Input: But he said he is prepared to testify that executives of Lincoln and its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('He is prepared to testify that executives of Lincoln got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions .','He is prepared to testify that executives of its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions .'))

Input: He has characterized the five senators ' roles as tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process .','He has characterized the five senators ' roles as tantamount .' ), 'He is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting .')

Input: When Anne Volokh and her family immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago , they started life in Los Angeles with only $ 400 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Anne Volokh immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago .','Her family immigrated to the U.S. 14 years ago .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Los Angeles .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with only $ 400 .','They started life .')))

Input: They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with $ 480 .','They 'd actually left the Soviet Union .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Volokh was Italy Ms. .','During a stop in Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit .'))

Input: But I loved turbans . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 , when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 10 million .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with expected sales this year of $ 10 million .','Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 -- run a software company .' ), 'He was 13 .')

Input: Though Ms. Volokh is a small woman , she has an outsized personality and dramatic flair that seem perfectly suited to capitalism as it is practiced in Hollywood .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Volokh was Ms. .', CO/CONTRAST('Volokh is a small woman .', SUB/ELABORATION(', She has an outsized personality and dramatic flair .', SUB/ELABORATION('An outsized personality and dramatic flair seem perfectly suited to capitalism .','It is practiced in Hollywood .'))))

Input: Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev , when she lived with her parents , her husband and her two sons in a 2 1\/2-room apartment in what she calls silent internal immigration , dreaming of escape .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(', Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', She lived with her parents .',', She lived with her husband .',', She lived with her two sons in a 21\/2 - room apartment in what she calls silent internal immigration .' ), ', She was dreaming of escape .'))

Input: However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', She remembers the lean years .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .',', She recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel .'))

Input: I used to wear hats in Russia , but I had to make them and my dresses .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Russia .','I used to wear hats .' )CO/LIST('I had to make them .','I had to make my dresses .'))

Input: At Movieline , she wants specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Specific paragraphing is specific tone .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Movieline .',', She wants specific paragraphing a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek .'))

Input: In restaurants -LRB- in this case , the Russian Samovar , a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres -RRB- , she did n't want the chirpy , folkish music bouncing through the room .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Russian Samovar was a New York restaurant .','A New York restaurant was operated by and for Soviet emigres .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This case was the Russian Samovar .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in restaurants -LRB- in this case -RRB- .',', She did n't want the chirpy , folkish music bouncing through the room .')))

Input: You people here think this is Russian music , she said with disdain , and called over to the waitress : Could you turn it off ?
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .','With disdain ? .' ), 'You people here think this is Russian music , she called over to the waitress : Could you turn it off ? .')

Input: That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Volokh was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('An understanding of food was business .','An understanding of food was Russian culture .','An understanding of food was human nature .','An understanding of food was parties .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('That done .','This was what Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food .')))

Input: As publisher of a magazine devoted to movies as guideposts for fashion and other fantasies , Ms. Volokh sees her party-giving as an important part of business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Volokh is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as an important part of business .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as publisher of a magazine .','Volokh sees her party-giving .' ), 'A magazine is devoted to movies as guideposts for fashion and other fantasies .')))

Input: She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people , but prefers more intimate gatherings .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for crowds of people .',', She has thrown extravagant soirees .' ), ', She prefers more intimate gatherings .')

Input: Guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library -LRB- the pleasure dome -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Guests bring movies on tape .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the screen .','Guests show their favorite three-to-five minute segments .' ), 'The screen unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library -LRB- the pleasure dome -RRB- .'))

Input: The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs , Boris Krutchensky -LRB- who has the title of co-publisher -RRB- , and Laurie Halpern Smith , now the magazine 's co-editor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was now .', CO/LIST('The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs .','The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by Boris Krutchensky -LRB- who has the title of co-publisher -RRB- .','The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by Laurie Halpern Smith the magazine 's co-editor .'))

Input: And she has this inexhaustible energy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Those columns -- vivid discussions of the cultural and literary reverberations of food as well as practical advice on how to glamorize dreary Sovietized meals -- became the basis for her erudite and entertaining cookbook , The Art of Russian Cuisine , brought out in 1983 by Macmillan Publishing Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Art of Russian Cuisine was her erudite and entertaining cookbook .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Macmillan Publishing Co .','Russian Cuisine was brought out in 1983 .' ), 'Those columns -- vivid discussions of the cultural and literary reverberations of food as well as practical advice on how to glamorize dreary Sovietized meals -- became the basis for her erudite and entertaining cookbook .'))

Input: Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One can not imagine .', SUB/ELABORATION('You live .', SUB/ELABORATION('You live .','Those double and triple lives .')))

Input: Mr. Volokh was fired from his job , and had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Volokh was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Volokh was fired from his job .','Volokh had to endure hours of organized verbal abuse from his co-workers , accusations of sabotage and counterrevolutionary activities .'))

Input: When her husband and son founded their computer company , Vesoft , she worked as business manager , bookkeeper and publicist .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vesoft was their computer company .', SUB/ELABORATION('Her husband and son founded their computer company .', CO/LIST(', She worked as business manager .',', She worked as bookkeeper .',', She worked as publicist .')))

Input: William D. Forrester , president of the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council , has a warning for U.S. companies trying to do business in the Soviet Union .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William D. Forrester is president of the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council .', SUB/ELABORATION('William D. Forrester has a warning for U.S. companies .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the Soviet Union .','U.S. companies are trying to do business .')))

Input: It 's an extremely complex market , and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment , Mr. Forrester says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Forrester is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('It 's an extremely complex market .','You have to be prepared to make a big commitment .' ), 'This is what Forrester says .'))

Input: Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow , lured by a huge untapped market and Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow .', CO/LIST('Moscow was lured by a huge untapped market .','Moscow was lured by Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy .'))

Input: Doing business with the Russians , once the pursuit of a handful of hardened veterans , has become the goal of such major companies as General Motors Corp. , Federal Express Corp. and Procter & Gamble Co. , as well as a cluster of smaller firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as General Motors Corp. .','This was as Federal Express Corp. .','This was as Procter & Gamble Co. , as well as a cluster of smaller firms .' ), 'Doing business with the Russians , once the pursuit of a handful of hardened veterans , has become the goal of such major companies .')

Input: But while U.S. interest may be big and growing , the difficulties that have stymied deals in the past show no sign of abating .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('U.S. interest may be big and growing .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , the difficulties show no sign of abating .','The difficulties have stymied deals in the past .'))

Input: Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy , Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika , the restructuring of the Soviet economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Perestroika was the restructuring of the Soviet economy .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency .','This is alongside the old problems of an inpenetrable bureaucracy .' ), 'Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities .' ), 'New complexities were linked to perestroika .'))

Input: And some foreign firms are finding that even when they manage to overcome such hurdles , their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable bodies as the Soviet parliament and the governments of the nation 's republics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And some foreign firms are finding .', CO/CONTRAST('They manage to overcome such hurdles .', CO/LIST('Their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable bodies as the Soviet parliament .','Their ventures now have to be endorsed by the governments of the nation 's republics .')))

Input: Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. and Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , Montedison S.p.A. of Italy and several Japanese groups , about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past two years .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was including Occidental Petroleum Co. .','This was including Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , Montedison S.p.A. of Italy and several Japanese groups .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants .',', Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms .')))

Input: The plans have come under fire from Soviet environmentalists , and officials say many are likely to be scaled back or dropped .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Soviet environmentalists .','The plans have come under fire .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what officials say .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Many are likely to be scaled back .','Many dropped .')))

Input: The U.S. ranks fourth of countries that have concluded joint ventures , behind West Germany , Finland and Italy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. ranks fourth of countries .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was behind West Germany , Finland and Italy .',', Countries have concluded joint ventures .'))

Input: And unruly crowds at RJR Nabisco Inc. 's booth almost knocked over a glass showcase in the rush to get a free Camel cigarette sticker .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the rush .','And unruly crowds at RJR Nabisco Inc. 's booth almost knocked over a glass showcase .' ), 'This was to get a free Camel cigarette sticker .')

Input: Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is including Pfizer Inc. .','This is including Hewlett-Packard Co. .','This is including Colgate .','This is including Abbott Laboratories .' ), ', Several medical concerns intend to pursue a similar consortium approach .')

Input: Cray Research Inc. said it sold one of its newest and largest computer systems , the Cray Y-MP\/832 , to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Its newest and largest computer systems were the Cray Y-MP\/832 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cray Research Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office .','It sold one of its newest and largest computer systems .')))

Input: Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','The bank has strengthened its Italian network .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','The bank has posted strong results .'))

Input: A company spokeswoman said the company had n't decided what measures to take , but did n't rule out legal action .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a company spokeswoman said .', CO/CONTRAST('The company had n't decided what measures to take .','The company did n't rule out legal action .'))

Input: Qintex Australia Ltd. , a media and resorts concern controlled by Australian entrepreneur Christopher Skase , announced a plan to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Christopher Skase was Australian entrepreneur .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Qintex Australia Ltd. was a media and resorts concern .','A media and resorts concern were controlled by Christopher Skase .' ), 'Qintex Australia Ltd. announced a plan to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems .'))

Input: Mr. Skase , a 41-year-old former newspaper reporter who chairs the company , said in a statement that Qintex will sell its 51 % stake in its upscale Mirage resorts in Australia and Hawaii as well as three Australian television stations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Skase was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Skase was a 41-year-old former newspaper reporter .','A 41-year-old former newspaper reporter chairs the company .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Skase said in a statement .','Qintex will sell its 51 % stake in its upscale Mirage resorts in Australia and Hawaii as well as three Australian television stations .')))

Input: He said the move will significantly reduce administrative and operating costs , but he did n't provide details of the merger .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The move will significantly reduce administrative and operating costs .' ), 'He did n't provide details of the merger .')

Input: Company officials said over the weekend that Qintex Australia 's bank creditors have become concerned about a barrage of bad news at the company , including a failed US$ 1.5 billion plan to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co. , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , movie and television production concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('MGM\/UA Communications Co. were a Beverly Hills , Calif. , movie and television production concern .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what company officials said over the weekend .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including a failed US$ 1.5 billion plan to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co. .','Qintex Australia 's bank creditors have become concerned about a barrage of bad news .'))))

Input: Analysts predicted that the move would further shake creditor confidence in Qintex Australia and force it to sell assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Analysts predicted .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Qintex Australia .','The move would further shake creditor confidence .' ), 'The move would further force it to sell assets .'))

Input: Mr. Skase 's statement was addressed to the stock exchange and appeared to be a response to the inquiry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Skase was Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Skase 's statement was addressed to the stock exchange .',', Skase 's statement appeared to be a response to the inquiry .'))

Input: In March , Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. and Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. .','This was to Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in March .','Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts .'))

Input: MGM\/UA has sued Qintex Australia for breach of contract and fraud over the collapsed acquisition agreement , and Qintex Australia has threatened a countersuit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the collapsed acquisition agreement .','MGM\/UA has sued Qintex Australia for breach of contract and fraud .' ), 'Qintex Australia has threatened a countersuit .')

Input: In his statement , Mr. Skase said preliminary accounts showed that group profit before interest , tax and depreciation will exceed A$ 170 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Skase was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Skase said in his statement .', SUB/ELABORATION('Preliminary accounts showed .','Group profit before interest , tax and depreciation will exceed A$ 170 million .')))

Input: The company will make adequate provisions to cover costs of the dispute with MGM\/UA and any loss from the investment in Qintex Entertainment , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE('The company will make adequate provisions .','This is to cover costs of the dispute with MGM\/UA and any loss from the investment in Qintex Entertainment .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: National Semiconductor Corp. and a start-up named Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('National Semiconductor Corp. named .','A start-up named .' ), 'Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is without any current flowing to them .',', So-called ferroelectric memories can remember data for at least 10 years .'))

Input: National says it agreed to acquire Krysalis 's assets and will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips , including a 4-kilobit memory , next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what National says .', CO/LIST('It agreed to acquire Krysalis 's assets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including a 4-kilobit memory .','It will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips next year .')))

Input: And while today 's non-volatile chips -- such as electronically erasable programmable read-only memory chips -- ca n't be used in a computer 's central memory because they learn data slowly , ferroelectric chips accept data at very high speeds .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/CAUSE('Today 's non-volatile chips -- such as electronically erasable programmable read-only memory chips -- ca n't be used in a computer 's central memory .','They learn data slowly .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at very high speeds .','And , ferroelectric chips accept data .'))

Input: And telephone or videotape depositions just do n't match physical encounters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But last year Hitachi Ltd. surprised Japan 's electronics industry when it accused Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co. of using Hitachi technology to make dynamic random-access memory chips .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hitachi Ltd. was last year .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Hitachi Ltd. surprised Japan 's electronics industry .','It accused Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co. of using Hitachi technology to make dynamic random-access memory chips .'))

Input: And Hitachi went on the offensive against the U.S. 's Motorola Inc. earlier this month with a suit charging that Motorola 's new MC88200 chip infringes on a Hitachi patent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And Hitachi went on the offensive against the U.S. 's Motorola Inc. earlier this month with a suit .', SUB/ELABORATION('A suit was charging .','Motorola 's new MC88200 chip infringes on a Hitachi patent .'))

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharp says the set of chips could improve fax machines , graphics computers or identification systems that recognize facial features ... .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Sharp says .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The set of chips could improve fax machines .','The set of chips could improve graphics computers .','The set of chips could improve identification systems .' ), 'Identification systems recognize facial features .'))

Input: Using reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , chips made by Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. , the system splits the image it sees into 20 digital representations , each processed by one chip .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('20 digital representations were each processed by one chip .', CO/LIST('The system is using reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , chips made by Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The system splits the image .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into 20 digital representations .','It sees the image .'))))

Input: The results , which represented the fifth consecutive quarter of flat-to-lower earnings for the big electronics retailer , disappointed analysts and traders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The results disappointed analysts and traders .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the big electronics retailer .','The results represented the fifth consecutive quarter of flat-to-lower earnings .'))

Input: Net for the quarter was $ 62.8 million , or 73 cents a share , down from $ 64.9 million , or 72 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from $ 64.9 million , or 72 cents a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net for the quarter was $ 62.8 million .','Net for the quarter was 73 cents a share .'))

Input: The company said earnings would have increased if it had n't been actively repurchasing its shares , thus increasing its interest expense and reducing its interest income .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/CONDITION('Earnings would have increased .', CO/LIST('It had n't been actively repurchasing its shares .','It had n't been thus increasing its interest expense .','It had n't been reducing its interest income .')))

Input: Tandy earned $ 88.8 million , or $ 3.64 a share , in the year ended June 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year .','The year was ended June 30 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Tandy earned $ 88.8 million .','Tandy earned $ 3.64 a share .'))

Input: Mr. Bryant and other analysts hope all those moves will combine to help Tandy 's results improve in the important Christmas quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bryant is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Bryant and other analysts hope .','All those moves will combine to help Tandy 's results improve in the important Christmas quarter .'))

Input: Amid the market disorder , even Drexel , which has the widest and most loyal following of junk bond investors , is pulling in its horns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is amid the market disorder .','Even Drexel is pulling in its horns .' ), 'Even Drexel has the widest and most loyal following of junk bond investors .')

Input: Although the big investment bank still dominates the junk market , Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from growing junk bond defaults , withdrawn new offerings , redemptions by shareholders in junk bond mutual funds and an exodus of once-devoted investors .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The big investment bank still dominates the junk market .', CO/LIST('Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from growing junk bond defaults .','Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from withdrawn new offerings .','Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from redemptions by shareholders in junk bond mutual funds .','Drexel has been unable to stem the fallout from an exodus of once-devoted investors .'))

Input: This is the worst shakeout ever in the junk market , and it could take years before it 's over , says Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , a credit rating company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers disappeared and investors tried to sell .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at that point .','The junk market went into a tailspin .' ), 'Buyers disappeared .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at that point .','Investors tried to sell .'))

Input: What I thought I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , appropriately enough , quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('I thought .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what i was saying .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is appropriately enough .','Is that the market is troubled but still viable and quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad .' ), 'He says .')))

Input: What has jolted many junk buyers is the sudden realization that junk bonds can not necessarily be bought and sold with the ease of common stocks and many investment-grade bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('What has jolted many junk buyers is the sudden realization .', CO/LIST('Junk bonds can not necessarily be bought and sold with the ease of common stocks .','Junk bonds can not necessarily be bought and sold with the ease of many investment-grade bonds .'))

Input: Unlike the New York Stock Exchange , where buyers and sellers are quickly matched , the junk market , where risky corporate loans are traded , is sometimes closed for repairs .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Buyers and sellers are quickly matched .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was unlike the New York Stock Exchange .','The junk market is sometimes closed for repairs .' ), 'Risky corporate loans are traded .'))

Input: At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Amy K. Minella is junk bond money managers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say at closely held Deltec Securities Corp. .','The problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise .'))

Input: Mutual funds have also been net sellers of junk bonds as junk 's relatively poor performance and negative press coverage have produced above-normal redemptions by shareholders , Deltec said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Mutual funds have also been net sellers of junk bonds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by shareholders .','Junk 's relatively poor performance and negative press coverage have produced above-normal redemptions .' ), 'This was what Deltec said .'))

Input: Investors , trying to raise cash , have sold large liquid issues such as RJR Holdings Corp. and Kroger Co. ; declines in these benchmark issues have contributed to the market 's distress .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Investors have sold large liquid issues such as RJR Holdings Corp. .','Investors have sold large liquid issues such as Kroger Co. .' ), 'Investors were trying to raise cash .' ), 'Declines in these benchmark issues have contributed to the market 's distress .')

Input: And , Deltec said , buying has been severely reduced because savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases by recently passed congressional legislation .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('And , Deltec said , buying has been severely reduced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by recently passed congressional legislation .',', Savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases .'))

Input: In fact , savings and loans were sellers of high yield holdings throughout the quarter , Deltec said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was throughout the quarter .',', Savings and loans were sellers of high yield holdings .' ), 'This was what Deltec said .'))

Input: Ms. Minella and Ms. Strasser say they are managing their junk portfolios defensively , building cash and selectively upgrading the overall quality .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Minella is Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Minella and Strasser say .', CO/LIST('They are managing their junk portfolios defensively .','They are building cash .','They are selectively upgrading the overall quality .')))

Input: These bonds , now rated single-D , include junk offerings by AP Industries , Columbia Savings -LRB- Colorado -RRB- , First Texas Savings Association , Gilbraltar Financial Corp. , Integrated Resources Inc. , Metropolitan Broadcasting Corp. , Resorts International Inc. , Southmark Corp. and Vyquest Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is by AP Industries , Columbia Savings -LRB- Colorado -RRB- , First Texas Savings Association , Gilbraltar Financial Corp. , Integrated Resources Inc. , Metropolitan Broadcasting Corp. , Resorts International Inc. , Southmark Corp. and Vyquest Inc .','These bonds include junk offerings .' ), 'These bonds are now rated single-D .')

Input: Mr. Cornell has just completed a study that finds that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cornell was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Cornell has just completed a study .', SUB/ELABORATION('A study finds .','The risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds .')))

Input: During the past three weeks , for example , Drexel has sold $ 1.3 billion of new junk bonds for Turner Broadcasting Co. , Uniroyal Chemical , Continental Air and Duff & Phelps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for Turner Broadcasting Co. .','This was for Uniroyal Chemical .','This was for Continental Air .','This was for Duff & Phelps .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the past three weeks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','Drexel has sold $ 1.3 billion of new junk bonds .')))

Input: As it turns out , the board has a lot of important members , including Winton Blount -LRB- former postmaster general of the U.S. -RRB- , Mrs. Henry Gaisman -LRB- widow of the inventor of auto-strop razor -RRB- and Vincent Murphy -LRB- an investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Henry Gaisman is Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It turns out .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is including Winton Blount -LRB- former postmaster general of the U.S. -RRB- .','This is including Henry Gaisman -LRB- widow of the inventor of auto-strop razor -RRB- .','This is including Vincent Murphy -LRB- an investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . -RRB- .' ), 'The board has a lot of important members .')))

Input: Helen Boehm has a way with names , says James Revson , a gossip columnist for Newsday -LRB- and son of Joseph Revson , a founder of Revlon -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating , says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It provides some people a needed sense of affiliation and can help open up a conversation with someone you do n't know .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with someone .', CO/LIST('It provides some people a needed sense of affiliation .', SUB/ELABORATION('It can help open up a conversation .','You do n't know a conversation .')))

Input: I was having a drink in Sardi 's , when all of a sudden I saw a woman 's backside coming up the steps on the second floor and she was wearing sequined slacks .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('I was having a drink in Sardi 's .', CO/LIST('All of a sudden I saw a woman 's backside coming up the steps on the second floor .',', She was wearing sequined slacks .'))

Input: I knew it was someone important , so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough , it was Liza .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what i knew .','It was someone important .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was into the ladies room .','I followed her .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was sure enough .','It was Liza .'))

Input: I do it innately and pathologically , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('I do it innately and pathologically .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is into trouble .','It may occasionally get me .' ), 'It 's also gotten me access to parties and society .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave , but he drops so many good names , we decided to let him stay , says Steven Greenberg , publisher of Fame .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image , some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the most recognizable names .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image .',', Some city promoters seek to link their municipality .' ), 'The city has to offer the most recognizable names .'))

Input: Why we even just sold a three-bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there , says David Rambo , a sales associate with Jon Douglas Co. , a Los Angeles real-estate agency .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it does get him to return my calls , and it makes me feel better for the times he 's given me the brushoff , Mr. Kessler says .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But it does get him to return my calls .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kessler was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But it makes .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Me feel better for the times he 's given me the brushoff .','This is what Kessler says .'))))

Input: Jeffry Thal , a publicity agent for the Lantz Office in Los Angeles , warns that dropping the wrong name labels the dropper as a fake and a fraud .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jeffry Thal is a publicity agent for the Lantz Office in Los Angeles .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Jeffry Thal warns .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as a fake .','This is as a fraud .' ), 'Dropping the wrong name labels the dropper .')))

Input: Get caught and you 're dead in the water , says Mr. Thal .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If directors or producers phone me and say they know Liz , I know they 've never met her .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('Directors or producers phone me .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what directors or producers say .','They know Liz .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i know .','They 've never met her .')))

Input: In New York society , Pat Buckley , the very social wife of author William Buckley , has the nicknames Mrs. Buckles and Patsy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Buckley is social wife of author .', SUB/ELABORATION('Buckles is the nicknames Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Pat Buckley was the very William Buckley .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in New York society .','Pat Buckley has Buckles and Patsy .'))))

Input: Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they know .','Who you mean .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what you know .','Who you mean .'))

Input: But no one else does .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway , stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the Big Chicken , a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Big Chicken is a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark .', CO/LIST('The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway .', SUB/ELABORATION('The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb is stretching from the Perimeter highway .', SUB/ELABORATION('Atlanta is The Perimeter highway circles .','Atlanta to the Big Chicken .'))))

Input: Alongside such long-familiar names as Chevrolet , Ford and Dodge are nameplates that did n't exist until three years ago : Acura , Sterling , Hyundai .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is alongside such long-familiar names as Chevrolet .','Ford and Dodge are nameplates : Acura , Sterling , Hyundai .' ), 'Nameplates did n't exist until three years ago .')

Input: Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 408 when the decade began , according to Automotive News , a trade publication .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Automotive News was a trade publication .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is up from just 408 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Automotive News .','Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks .' ), 'The decade began .')))

Input: He says the number of automobile choices is causing stress among consumers today , and that people will simply ignore new models that lack a well-defined image .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among consumers .','The number of automobile choices is causing stress today .' )SUB/ELABORATION('That people will simply ignore new models .','New models lack a well-defined image .')))

Input: He applauds Toyota and Nissan Motor Co. for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models , rather than simply adding more nameplates to their standard car lines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Now , the 55-year-old car shopper is zeroing in on a full-sized van , figuring that it 's just the thing to haul nine grandchildren and pull a boat at the same time .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','The 55-year-old car shopper is zeroing in on a full-sized van .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','The 55-year-old car shopper is figuring .' ), 'It 's just the thing to haul nine grandchildren and pull a boat at the same time .'))

Input: Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Just four years ago , GM planners divided the combined car and truck market into seven segments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was into seven segments .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was just four years ago .','GM planners divided the combined car and truck market .'))

Input: The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('The number of makes has mushroomed .','The U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles .' ), 'Virtually every auto maker wants to sell here .')

Input: For every brand like Renault or Fiat that has been squeezed out , others such as Isuzu , Daihatsu and Mitsubishi have come in .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for every brand like Renault or Fiat .','Others such as Isuzu , Daihatsu and Mitsubishi have come in .' ), 'Every brand like Renault or Fiat has been squeezed out .')

Input: GM launched the Geo marque this year to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers , and next year GM 's long-awaited Saturn cars will make their debut .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('GM launched the Geo marque this year .','This was to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('GM is Next year .','GM 's long-awaited Saturn cars will make their debut .'))

Input: For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers about their buying habits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about their buying habits .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the survey .', CO/LIST('Peter D. Hart Research Associates each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers .','The Roper Organization each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers .')))

Input: Three of every 10 buyers under 30 would prefer to buy a sports car , compared with just 16 % of adults 30 and over , according to the Journal survey .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with just 16 % of adults 30 and over .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to the Journal survey .','Three of every 10 buyers under 30 would prefer to buy a sports car .'))

Input: Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Such preferences persist .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many Americans believe .','Differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing .'))

Input: But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Just down the street , Chris Volvo invites serious shoppers to test-drive a new Volvo to any other dealership along the strip , and compare the cars side-by-side .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to any other dealership along the strip .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is just down the street .',', Chris Volvo invites serious shoppers to test-drive a new Volvo , and compare the cars side-by-side .'))

Input: Some 60 % of the survey respondents said they would buy anti-lock brakes even if they carry a medium or high price tag .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some 60 % of the survey respondents said .', SUB/CONDITION('They would buy anti-lock brakes .','They carry a medium or high price tag .'))

Input: In contrast , dashboard computers , power seats and turbo-charged engines had little appeal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in contrast .', CO/LIST('Dashboard computers had little appeal .','Power seats had little appeal .','Turbo-charged engines had little appeal .'))

Input: But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Americans spent more than $ 190 billion on new cars and trucks last year , and just 1 % of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $ 1.86 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on new cars and trucks .','Americans spent more than $ 190 billion last year .' ), 'Just 1 % of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $ 1.86 billion .')

Input: The workers install , maintain and repair its private branch exchanges , which are large intracompany telephone networks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The workers install .','The workers maintain .','The workers repair its private branch exchanges .' ), 'Its private branch exchanges are large intracompany telephone networks .')

Input: Days later , the thieves returned and dug out more , this time adding insult to injury .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('More was this time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to injury .','This time was adding insult .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was days later .','The thieves returned and dug out more .')))

Input: Cycads , the most popular of which is the Sago Palm , are doll-sized versions of California 's famous long-necked palms , with stubby trunks and fern-like fronds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with stubby trunks .','This is with fern-like fronds .' ), ', Cycads , the most popular of which is the Sago Palm , are doll-sized versions of California 's famous long-necked palms .')

Input: Because the Sago is relatively rare and grows only a couple of inches a year , it 's a pricey lawn decoration : A two-foot tall Sago can retail for $ 1,000 , and taller ones often fetch $ 3,000 or more .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE(CO/LIST('The Sago is relatively rare .','The Sago grows only a couple of inches a year .' ), 'It 's a pricey lawn decoration .' )CO/LIST('A two-foot tall Sago can retail for $ 1,000 .','Taller ones often fetch $ 3,000 or more .'))

Input: Police suspect that the criminals , who dig up the plants in the dead of night , are selling them to nurseries or landscapers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Police suspect .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to nurseries or landscapers .','The criminals are selling them .' ), 'The criminals dig up the plants in the dead of night .'))

Input: The department is advising residents to plant Sagos , if they must , in the back yard and telling nurseries to be on the lookout for anyone trying to palm one off .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the department is advising residents to plant Sagos , in the back yard .','If they must .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The department is telling nurseries .','This is to be on the lookout for anyone trying to palm one off .'))

Input: But for those Californians who want exotic gardens out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But for those Californians , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is out front .','Those Californians want exotic gardens .' ), 'Neighbors can appreciate them .'))

Input: The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage .', CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Traders buy .','Traders sell baskets of stocks .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with an opposite trade .','Traders offset the position in stock-index futures .' ), 'This was to lock in profits in stock-index arbitrage .')))

Input: A group of shareholders filed suit against Imperial Corp. of America , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , First Executive Corp. and others , charging them with artificially inflating Imperial 's stock price to protect certain major investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was against Imperial Corp. of America .','This was against Imperial Corp. of Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. .','This was against Imperial Corp. of First Executive Corp. .','This was against Imperial Corp. of others .' ), 'A group of shareholders filed suit .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with artificially inflating Imperial 's stock price to protect certain major investors .','A group of shareholders were charging them .'))

Input: It also charges that Imperial , the holding company for Imperial Savings & Loan , experienced major losses and writedowns because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments and wholesale consumer loan packages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The holding company for Imperial Savings & Loan was Imperial .', SUB/ELABORATION('It also charges .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments .','This was because of improper assessment of the risks of wholesale consumer loan packages .' ), 'Imperial experienced major losses and writedowns .')))

Input: Imperial is in the midst of reducing its junk-bond holdings and getting out of the investment banking business in order to return to traditional thrift activities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Imperial said in a statement it expects other complaints to be filed in the wake of the original suit and a recent article in Barron 's magazine that focused on the company 's problems .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Imperial said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a statement .', CO/LIST('It expects other complaints to be filed in the wake of the original suit .','It expects other complaints to be filed in a recent article in Barron 's magazine .' ), 'A recent article in Barron 's magazine focused on the company 's problems .')))

Input: Rhone-Poulenc S.A. , Paris , said it completed the purchase of the specialty chemicals operation of RTZ Corp. , a British mining and industrial group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rhone-Poulenc S.A. was Paris .', SUB/ELABORATION('RTZ Corp. was a British mining and industrial group .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rhone-Poulenc S.A. said .','It completed the purchase of the specialty chemicals operation of RTZ Corp. .')))

Input: Rhone-Poulenc , a chemical and pharmaceutical company , said RTZ Chemicals has annual sales of about $ 900 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rhone-Poulenc was a chemical and pharmaceutical company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rhone-Poulenc said .','RTZ Chemicals has annual sales of about $ 900 million .'))

Input: Consumer spending in Britain rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago , the Central Statistical Office estimated Friday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the second quarter .',', Consumer spending in Britain rose 0.1 % .' ), ', Consumer spending in Britain was up 3.8 % from a year ago .' ), 'This was what the Central Statistical Office estimated Friday .'))

Input: A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman , former vice chairman of Southmark , lowered its stake in the Dallas real estate concern to 7.7 % , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman were former vice chairman of Southmark .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the Dallas real estate concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.7 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman lowered its stake .'))))

Input: And only a handful of small U.S. companies are engaged in high-definition software development .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kodak says its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem by allowing programmers and broadcasters to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Kodak says .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','Its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Its new CCD HDTV converter was allowing programmers and broadcasters .','This was to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video .')))

Input: The new converters are a critical link between film and the television domain , says Joerg D. Agin , vice president and general manager of Kodak 's Motion Picture and Audiovisual Products division .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Kodak wo n't disclose the cost .','Kodak wo n't disclose when its converter will be on the market .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it 's estimated .','The machine may be available within two years .'))

Input: And Mr. Niles , the program producer , contends that Kodak 's move is a sound marketing decision .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Niles is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Niles is the program producer .', SUB/ELABORATION('And Niles contends .','Kodak 's move is a sound marketing decision .')))

Input: And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Experts estimate the first sets of HDTVs wo n't be available for another five to 10 years , and will probably retail for more than $ 3,000 each in today 's dollars .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what experts estimate .', CO/LIST('The first sets of HDTVs wo n't be available for another five to 10 years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in today 's dollars .','The first sets of HDTVs will probably retail for more than $ 3,000 each .')))

Input: But this time it 's hurting opposition as well as ruling-party members .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Already , ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was already .','Ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was already .','Ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month .'))

Input: But , he adds , We ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in the middle of it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But , he adds , We ca n't tell .', SUB/CAUSE('It will go at all .','We 're still in the middle of it .'))

Input: But the implications could be great .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions .', SUB/PURPOSE('Political donations may have been made with the intent .','This was to bribe .'))

Input: Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is also .', CO/LIST('About 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations .','Donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan .'))

Input: And because the pachinko industry is regularly at the top of annual lists for tax evasion , some observers estimate the real income could be as much as 20 trillion yen .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The pachinko industry is regularly at the top of annual lists for tax evasion .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some observers estimate .','The real income could be as much as 20 trillion yen .'))

Input: And at first , neither the opposition nor the LDP wanted to pursue the issue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the press kept it alive .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as with the Recruit scandal .','Lists began circulating with names of people .' ), 'People had received money .'))

Input: Direct donations from either of the residents ' organizations would be illegal because the groups are defined as foreign , but both groups deny making direct donations .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/CAUSE('Direct donations from either of the residents ' organizations would be illegal .','The groups are defined as foreign .' ), 'Both groups deny making direct donations .')

Input: That they retain Korean citizenship and ties is a reflection of history -- their parents were shipped in as laborers during the decades when Japan occupied Korea before World War II -- and the discrimination that still faces Koreans in Japanese society .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That they retain Korean citizenship and ties is a reflection of history -- their parents were shipped in as laborers during the decades when Japan occupied Korea before World War II -- and the discrimination .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in Japanese society .','The discrimination still faces Koreans .'))

Input: Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Itzhak Perlman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was unfortunately .','His mother had tickets for a recital the same night .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was unfortunately .',', She was adamant about his attending .')))

Input: Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was afterwards .','I went home .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was afterwards .','I practiced for three hours .'))

Input: At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full-bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDuffie is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at 31 .','McDuffie has a rich , full-bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule .'))

Input: He 's currently in the midst of a 17-city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is with stops including Charleston , S.C . -LRB- Oct. 25 -RRB- , Sarasota , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 28 -RRB- , Tampa , Fla . -LRB- Oct. 29 -RRB- and Miami -LRB- Oct. 31 -RRB- .', CO/LIST('He 's currently in the midst of a 17-city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin .','He 's currently in the midst of a 17-city U.S. tour with the Warsaw Sinfonia .'))

Input: Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with several major orchestras .','Later this season he appears as soloist .'))

Input: I thought I was over the hill at 22 , recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But she was always encouraging .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after Mr. .','McDuffie was place .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The second incident took .', CO/LIST('McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital .','McDuffie was feeling rather pleased with himself .')))

Input: It was also at Juilliard that Mr. McDuffie discovered his predilection for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond and Samuel Barber .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDuffie was Juilliard that Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was also at McDuffie .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond .','This was for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as Samuel Barber .' ), 'McDuffie was discovered his predilection .')))

Input: It 's written marcato in the score , and I played it that way , kind of gigue-like .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the score .','It 's written marcato .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was kind of gigue-like .','I played it that way .'))

Input: Since leaving Juilliard , Mr. McDuffie has made some smart moves and some controversial ones .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDuffie was Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('McDuffie was leaving Juilliard .', CO/LIST('McDuffie has made some smart moves .','McDuffie has made some controversial ones .')))

Input: By contrast , he 's won kudos for his espousal of William Schuman 's Violin Concerto , which he recently recorded for Angel\/EMI along with Leonard Bernstein 's engaging Serenade for Violin Solo , Strings and Percussion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for his espousal of William Schuman 's Violin Concerto .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by contrast .','He 's won kudos .' ), 'He recently recorded for Angel\/EMI along with Leonard Bernstein 's engaging Serenade for Violin Solo , Strings and Percussion William Schuman 's Violin Concerto .'))

Input: At Avery Fisher Hall here , Mr. McDuffie was heard recently with Mr. Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia in more conventional fare -- Bruch 's overwrought Violin Concerto in G Minor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDuffie was Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at Avery Fisher Hall here .', CO/LIST('McDuffie was heard recently with Menuhin .','McDuffie was heard recently with the Warsaw Sinfonia in more conventional fare -- Bruch 's overwrought Violin Concerto in G Minor .')))

Input: His performance was so effusive and driven that the phrases rarely breathed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A lot of observers think so .', SUB/CONDITION('They 're right .','The whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt .'))

Input: A sudden , forced cutback by consumers , who normally account for about two-thirds of economic activity , would damp the economy at a time when plant-and-equipment spending is slowing and deficit-racked governments ca n't readily take up the slack .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a time .','A sudden , forced cutback by consumers would damp the economy when plant-and-equipment spending is slowing and deficit-racked governments ca n't readily take up the slack .' ), 'A sudden , forced cutback by consumers normally account for about two-thirds of economic activity .')

Input: During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the almost seven-year-old economic expansion .', CO/LIST('Inflation-adjusted gross national product have risen 30 % .','Disposable personal income have risen 30 % .','Personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % .' ), 'Inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % .'))

Input: And the ratio of installment debt to disposable personal income -- personal income after taxes -- has hit a high of about 18 1\/2 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And , more importantly , he says , the debt burden measured other ways is not really in uncharted waters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was more importantly .','And he says , the debt burden measured .' ), 'Other ways is not really in uncharted waters .')

Input: In addition , he says , longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt faster than the flow of repayments and the accompanying payment burden .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is faster than the flow of repayments .','This is faster than the flow of the accompanying payment burden .' ), 'In addition , he says , longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt .')

Input: And if you consider the changing distribution of credit , Mr. Durkin says , much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , that is , those probably best able to handle it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Durkin is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('You consider the changing distribution of credit .','And , Durkin says , much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families .' ), 'Higher-income families is , those probably best able to handle it .'))

Input: And much home-equity credit is used conservatively .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A severe recession could , of course , raise delinquency rates , but so far the current levels of consumer debt do n't seem to loom as a major threat .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','A severe recession could raise delinquency rates .' ), ', So far the current levels of consumer debt do n't seem to loom as a major threat .')

Input: In fact , the current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales and the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fact .', CO/LIST('The current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales suggest .','The gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is conservative as ever .',', Consumers are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly .')))

Input: Consumers , credit cards in hand , are n't running amok through the shopping malls -- or putting the economy at any great risk .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Consumers are credit cards in hand .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Consumers are n't running amok through the shopping malls .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at any great risk .',', Consumers are n't putting the economy .')))

Input: Maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Maidenform says .','It is very profitable .' ), 'Maidenform declines to provide specifics .')

Input: Its current ad campaign , on which Maidenform has spent more than $ 15 million since fall 1987 , does n't even show its underwear products , but rather men like Christopher Reeve , star of the Superman movies , talking about their lingerie turn-ons .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Christopher Reeve is star of the Superman movies .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its current ad campaign does n't even show its underwear products , but rather men like Christopher Reeve .',', Christopher Reeve is talking about their lingerie turn-ons .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Its current ad campaign .','Maidenform has spent more than $ 15 million since fall 1987 .')))

Input: Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , and The Maidenform woman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns .', CO/LIST('I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra .','I dreamed I ... in The Maidenform woman .'))

Input: Capitalizing on the brand is key , says Mr. Brawer , whose immediate plans include further international expansion and getting better control of distribution outside the U.S. .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Although Mr. Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brawer was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as senior vice president of sales and merchandising .','The move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk .')))

Input: Three days later , Mr. Lesk was named president and chief executive officer of Olga Co. , a competing intimate apparel division of Warnaco Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lesk was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Olga Co. was a competing intimate apparel division of Warnaco Inc .','Three days later , Lesk was named president and chief executive officer of Olga Co. .'))

Input: The company downplayed the loss of Mr. Lesk and split his merchandising responsibilities among a committee of four people .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lesk was the loss of Mr. .', CO/LIST('The company downplayed Lesk .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among a committee of four people .','The company split his merchandising responsibilities .')))

Input: You ca n't go anywhere in this company and find an organizational chart , one delights .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It was then split into Playtex Apparel Inc. , the intimate apparel division , and Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes tampons , hair-care items and other products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It was then split into Playtex Apparel Inc. .','It was then split into the intimate apparel division .','It was then split into Playtex Family Products Corp. .' )CO/LIST('Playtex Family Products Corp. makes tampons .','Playtex Family Products Corp. makes hair-care items .','Playtex Family Products Corp. makes other products .'))

Input: Publicly traded VF Corp. , which owns Vanity Fair , and Sara Lee Corp. , which owns Bali Co. , are also strong forces in intimate apparel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Publicly traded VF Corp. are also strong forces in intimate apparel .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Publicly traded VF Corp. owns Vanity Fair .','Publicly traded VF Corp. owns Sara Lee Corp. .' )CO/LIST('Vanity Fair owns Bali Co. .',', Sara Lee Corp. , owns Bali Co. .')))

Input: Over the past three and a half years , apparel companies , many of whom have strong brand names , have been bought at about 60 % of sales , says Deborah Bronston , Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. apparel analyst .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brawer is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Brawer 's wife is Catherine .','Brawer 's wife is Robert Stroup .' ), 'Brawer 's wife Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board .'))

Input: While Mr. Rosenthal introduced new undergarment designs , his wife , Ida , concentrated on sales and other financial matters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rosenthal was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ida was his wife .', CO/CONTRAST('Rosenthal introduced new undergarment designs .', CO/LIST('His wife concentrated on sales .','His wife concentrated on other financial matters .'))))

Input: While the company has always been family-run , Mr. Brawer is n't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brawer is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Maidenform is head .', CO/CONTRAST('The company has always been family-run .', CO/LIST('Brawer is n't the first person to marry into the family .','Brawer is n't the first person to marry into subsequently Maidenform .'))))

Input: According to the report , completed last month , if China 's trade gap continues to widen at the pace seen in the first seven months of this year , the reserves would be wiped out either in 1990 or 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION(', China 's trade gap continues to widen at the pace .','The pace was seen in the first seven months of this year .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the report .','The reserves would be wiped out either in 1990 or 1991 .' ), 'The report was completed last month .'))

Input: But before import growth slowed , China 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll on foreign-exchange reserves .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Import growth slowed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on foreign-exchange reserves .','But , China 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll .'))

Input: China might stave off a crisis if it acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline , when Beijing slammed the brakes on foreign-exchange spending and devalued the currency .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/CONDITION(', China might stave off a crisis .', CO/LIST('It acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline .','It devalued the currency .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on foreign-exchange spending .','Beijing slammed the brakes .')))

Input: Because of this and the huge trade gap , the deficit in China 's current account , which measures trade in goods and services plus certain unilateral transfers of funds , is expected to widen sharply from the $ 3.8 billion deficit last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was because of this .','This was because of the huge trade gap .' ), 'The deficit in China 's current account is expected to widen sharply from the $ 3.8 billion deficit last year .' ), 'The deficit in China 's current account measures trade in goods and services plus certain unilateral transfers of funds .')

Input: In one , imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months , and the current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in one .', CO/LIST('Imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % .','Imports and exports continue to grow at 5 % recorded during the first seven months .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in one .','The current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion .')))

Input: In addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','Economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments .' ), 'Businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment .')

Input: In the second , foreign borrowing is projected to grow 10 % and investment to drop 10 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the second .', CO/LIST('Foreign borrowing is projected to grow 10 % to drop 10 % .','Foreign borrowing is projected to grow investment to drop 10 % .'))

Input: In the first scenario , the reserves would be exhausted next year , and in the second they would be wiped out in 1991 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first scenario .','The reserves would be exhausted next year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first scenario .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the second .','They would be wiped out in 1991 .')))

Input: At 18,000 feet , he says , he and his co-pilot were looking for an interstate or a cornfield to land .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 18,000 feet .', CO/LIST('He says , he were looking for an interstate or a cornfield .','He says , his co-pilot were looking for an interstate or a cornfield .' ), 'This was to land .'))

Input: Had he been a little less gung-ho , I 'd have gotten the thing on the ground and headed for the nearest bar , Mr. Brown says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brown is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Had he been a little less gung-ho , I 'd have gotten the thing on the ground .','Had he been a little less gung-ho , I 'd have headed for the nearest bar .' ), 'This is what Brown says .'))

Input: A union , sooner or later , has to have an adversary , and it has to have a victory , Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman and chief executive , says with disdain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Frederick W. Smith is Federal 's chairman and chief executive .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is sooner or later .','A union has to have an adversary .' ), 'It has to have a victory .' ), 'This is what Frederick W. Smith says with disdain .'))

Input: Depending on the outcome , the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics , ramp workers , stock clerks and flight dispatchers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is depending on the outcome .', CO/LIST('The merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics .','The merged company may face union elections this fall among ramp workers .','The merged company may face union elections this fall among stock clerks .','The merged company may face union elections this fall among flight dispatchers .'))

Input: He also lets workers vent steam through an elaborate grievance procedure and , as a perk , fly free in empty cockpit seats .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is through an elaborate grievance procedure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a perk .','He also lets workers vent steam and fly free in empty cockpit seats .'))

Input: And , with many of his 70,000 workers , Mr. Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with many of his 70,000 workers .','And Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on .'))

Input: Such attitudes have given Federal flexibility , not only to rapidly implement new technology but to keep its work force extraordinarily lean .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because UPS drivers are n't permitted to load their own vehicles at the depot , say these couriers , packages often get buried in the load and are delivered late .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the depot .','UPS drivers are n't permitted to load their own vehicles , say these couriers .' )CO/LIST('Packages often get buried in the load .','Packages are delivered late .'))

Input: These and other problems squeezed Federal 's profit margins last year to 8 % , down from more than 13 % annually in the first half of the decade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first half of the decade .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from more than 13 % annually .', CO/LIST('These squeezed Federal 's profit margins last year to 8 % .','Other problems squeezed Federal 's profit margins last year to 8 % .')))

Input: In the early 1970s , Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the early 1970s .',', Smith modeled his fledgling company .')))

Input: Federal Express officials acknowledge mistakes in their drive overseas but say it will pay off eventually .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Federal Express officials acknowledge mistakes in their drive overseas .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Federal Express officials say .','It will pay off eventually .'))

Input: Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers , Mr. Smith does n't countenance what he considers insubordination .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Although encouraging dialogue between managers and workers , Smith does n't countenance .','He considers insubordination .'))

Input: Soon after the merger , moreover , Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was soon after the merger .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without cause or notice .','Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time .')))

Input: Mr. Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers in Los Angeles , Ohio , New York , Alaska , Asia and Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Los Angeles , Ohio , New York , Alaska , Asia and Europe .',', Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers .'))

Input: Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists , and that is costing Federal a big number , says James Barksdale , executive vice president and chief operating officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Adds John Poag , a 727 captain and past chairman of the company-sponsored Flight Advisory Board : They 've made all these magnanimous gestures to the Flying Tiger pilots , and for us , nothing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , it is unclear .','Their loyalty to Smith has been eroded .')))

Input: The fight has turned ugly and , among pilots at least , has shattered the esprit de corps that Mr. Smith worked so hard to build .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', CO/LIST('The fight has turned ugly .','The fight has has shattered the esprit de corps that Smith worked so hard to build .'))

Input: Barney Barnhardt , a 727 captain and leader of the pro-union forces , said he has received two anonymous death threats and been challenged to a fight with tire irons by a colleague .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Barney Barnhardt was a 727 captain and leader of the pro-union forces .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Barney Barnhardt said .', CO/LIST('He has received two anonymous death threats .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a colleague .','He has been challenged to a fight with tire irons .'))))

Input: Harsco Corp. said it obtained a $ 33.1 million export order for armored recovery vehicles and related support equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Harsco Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for armored recovery vehicles .','This was for related support equipment .' ), 'It obtained a $ 33.1 million export order .'))

Input: The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks and other heavy-tracked vehicles when they break down or are damaged , and an option for 16 more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 23 of the vehicles .','It received an order .' )CO/LIST('The vehicles retrieve tanks and other heavy-tracked vehicles when they break down or are damaged .','The vehicles retrieve an option for 16 more .')))

Input: Harsco produces products for defense , industrial , commercial and construction markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Hastings 's case was particularly nettlesome because it marked the first time a federal official was impeached and removed from office on charges of which a jury had acquitted him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hastings was Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('Hastings 's case was particularly nettlesome .', SUB/ELABORATION('It marked the first time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on charges of which a jury had acquitted him the first time .','A federal official was impeached and removed from office .'))))

Input: With no floor debate , the Senate on Friday voted 69-26 to convict Mr. Hastings of perjury and conspiring to accept a bribe , five votes more than needed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hastings was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('A bribe was five votes more than needed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with no floor debate .','The Senate on Friday voted 69-26 to convict Hastings of perjury and conspiring to accept a bribe .')))

Input: Instead , they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have abused their positions of trust , irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they argued .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases .','This is from people .' ), 'Impeachment aims to protect public institutions .' ), 'People have abused their positions of trust .'))

Input: Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes , then quickly left the chamber .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hastings was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Hastings faced the senators .','Hastings sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes .','Hastings quickly left the chamber .'))

Input: When last we left him , FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery , unraveled a Washington political scandal , and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries Favorite Son .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nick Mancuso was FBI Agent .', SUB/ELABORATION('Last we left him .', CO/LIST('Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery .','Nick Mancuso had unraveled a Washington political scandal .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the miniseries Favorite Son .','Nick Mancuso had racked up some pretty good ratings numbers .'))))

Input: Over the first few weeks , Mancuso FBI has sprung straight from the headlines , which is either a commendable stab at topicality , or a lack of imagination , or both .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the first few weeks .','Mancuso FBI has sprung straight from the headlines .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The headlines is either a commendable stab at topicality .','The headlines is either a lack of imagination , or both .'))

Input: -LRB- In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .', SUB/ELABORATION('-LRB- In last week 's rape case -RRB- .','The girl turns out to have been a victim of incest . rape case .' )SUB/ELABORATION('-LRB- the biggest villains are the politicians -RRB- .','The politicians exploit the case .')))

Input: And when he 's told Try a little tenderness , he shoots back I 'm going home to try a little linguine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He 's told Try a little tenderness .', SUB/ELABORATION('And , he shoots back .','I 'm going home to try a little linguine .'))

Input: Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner -LRB- and writer producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steve Sohmer was Executive Producers .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ken Solarz was writer producers .', CO/LIST(', Steve Sohmer have revved this show up to the breaking point .','Jeff Bleckner -LRB- and Ken Solarz and Steve Bello -RRB- have revved this show up to the breaking point .')))

Input: At least once Mancuso 's boss yells In here -- now , and proceeds to dress his investigator down :
Prediction: NONE

Input: One more word and you are out on a park bench , mister .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A park bench is mister .', CO/LIST('One more word are out on a park bench .','You are out on a park bench .'))

Input: In fact , throughout Mancuso FBI , we do n't get words or lines -- we get speeches .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fact .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is throughout Mancuso FBI .','We do n't get words or lines .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fact .','We get speeches .')))

Input: You 're the real criminal here ... and what you did was n't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('You 're the real criminal here .','What you did was n't just a murder .' ), 'It was a crime against humanity .')

Input: They have a series with a good character , some interesting , even occasionally surprising plot lines , and they 're ruining it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is even occasionally surprising .','A good character is some interesting plot lines .' ), 'They have a series with a good character .' ), 'They 're ruining it .')

Input: It 's a bizarre and totally inappropriate reaction , all to add more pizzazz to a script that 's already overdosing on pizzazz .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to a script .','It 's a bizarre and totally inappropriate reaction , all to add more pizzazz .' ), 'A script 's already overdosing on pizzazz .')

Input: Asked to say a few words , he pulls out his crumpled piece of paper and tries to talk , but he 's too choked up to get the words out .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('He is asked to say a few words .', CO/LIST('He pulls out his crumpled piece of paper .','He tries to talk .' ), 'He 's too choked up to get the words out .'))

Input: He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration , then turns and walks away .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/TEMPORAL('He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration .','He turns .' ), 'He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration , then walks away .')

Input: With a Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops , and Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common , all of them try To put the right spin on it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops Have a goal in common .','Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on it .','All of them try To put the right spin .'))

Input: Texaco acquired Tana before it completed those sales because Tana 's properties are high quality and near other fields Texaco already owns , a company spokeswoman said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Texaco was other fields .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/TEMPORAL('Texaco acquired Tana .', SUB/CAUSE('It completed those sales .','Tana 's properties are high quality and near Texaco already owns .' ), 'This was what a company spokeswoman said .')))

Input: Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl with Pennzoil and then on New York investor Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carl C. Icahn was New York investor .', SUB/CAUSE('Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Pennzoil and then on Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company .','Much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl .')))

Input: H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 100.2 million , or $ 1.90 a share , in the fiscal year ended April 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the fiscal year .','The fiscal year was ended April 30 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 100.2 million .','H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 1.90 a share .'))

Input: The most likely white knight would be Societe Generale de Belgique S.A. , which already owns 18 % of AG and which itself is controlled by Cie . Financiere de Suez , the acquisitive French financial conglomerate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Suez was Financiere de .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Societe Generale de Belgique S.A. , which already owns 18 % of AG and which itself is controlled by Cie . Suez were the acquisitive French financial conglomerate .','The most likely white knight would be Societe Generale de Belgique S.A. , which already owns 18 % of AG and which itself is controlled by Cie . Suez .'))

Input: But Mr. Lippens said a rescue also could involve Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. , which owns 5 % of AG .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Lippens was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lippens said .','A rescue also could involve Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. .' ), 'Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. owns 5 % of AG .'))

Input: In West Germany and the Netherlands , insurers are flirting with banks .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is in West Germany .','This is in the Netherlands .' ), 'Insurers are flirting with banks .')

Input: They have all very clearly stated that they have not acquired and are not acquiring shares of AG , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they have all very clearly stated .', CO/LIST('They have not acquired .','They are not acquiring shares of AG .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: A syndicate of shareholders holds just under 50 % of AG , Mr. Lippens said , and members have agreed to give one another the right of first refusal should they sell any AG shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A syndicate of shareholders holds just under 50 % of AG .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what members have agreed to give one another the right of first refusal .',', Should they sell any AG shares .'))

Input: Aside from Generale de Belgique and Asahi , the syndicate includes Antwerpsche Hypotheekkas , a Belgian savings bank , and various family interests .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is aside from Generale de Belgique .','This is aside from Asahi .' )CO/LIST('The syndicate includes Antwerpsche Hypotheekkas .','The syndicate includes a Belgian savings bank .','The syndicate includes various family interests .'))

Input: With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ?
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the dust .','The dust was settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama .' ), 'One of the many lingering questions is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , ? .' ), 'The Bush administration will ponder the many lingering questions .' ), 'This is to do its job of coordinating foreign policy .')

Input: He was all too aware of how a large , inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan 's second term .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reagan was President .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was inadequately supervised .','He was all too aware of how a large NSC staff had spun out of control .' ), 'He nearly wrecked Reagan 's second term .'))

Input: The Tower Commission specifically said that the NSC staff should be small and warned against letting energetic self-starters like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department , Pentagon or Central Intelligence Agency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oliver North was Lt. Col. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Tower Commission said .','The NSC staff should be small .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The Tower Commission specifically warned against letting energetic self-starters like Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department .','The Tower Commission specifically warned against letting energetic self-starters like Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to Pentagon .','The Tower Commission specifically warned against letting energetic self-starters like Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to Central Intelligence Agency .')))

Input: However , the Panama episode has raised questions about whether the NSC staff is sufficiently big , diverse and powerful to coordinate U.S. policy on tough issues .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about .','The NSC staff is sufficiently big , diverse and powerful to coordinate U.S. policy on tough issues .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','The Panama episode has raised questions .'))

Input: During the coup attempt and its aftermath , NSC staffers were stretched very thin , says one senior administration official .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The problem with this administration , I think , is that by design it has greatly diminished , both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense , the role of the NSC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The problem with this administration , I think , is .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by design .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense .','It has greatly diminished the role of the NSC .')))

Input: By law , the council includes the president , vice president and secretaries of state and defense .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by law .', CO/LIST('The council includes the president .','The council includes vice president .','The council includes secretaries of state and defense .'))

Input: But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president .','But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for his national security adviser .' ), 'This was to decide .')

Input: But one clear problem during the coup attempt was that the NSC staffer most experienced in Latin America , Everett Briggs , was gone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Everett Briggs was Latin America .', SUB/ELABORATION('But one clear problem during the coup attempt was .','The NSC staffer most experienced in Latin America was gone .'))

Input: He had just resigned , at least in part because of a feud with Assistant Secretary of State Bernard Aronson over the administration 's policy on Panama and support for Nicaragua 's Contra rebels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bernard Aronson was Assistant Secretary of State .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was at least in part because of a feud with Bernard Aronson over the administration 's policy on Panama .','This was at least in part because of a feud with Bernard Aronson over support for Nicaragua 's Contra rebels .' ), 'He had just resigned .'))

Input: Both Gen. Scowcroft and his deputy , Robert Gates , are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Scowcroft is Both Gen. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Robert Gates is Scowcroft .','Robert Gates is his deputy .' )CO/LIST(', Scowcroft are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs .','His deputy are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs .')))

Input: But just as every previous NSC adviser has , Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Every previous NSC adviser has .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Scowcroft is Gen. .','But , Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained .'))

Input: Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % from the previous 10 days but rose 3.3 % from a year ago , the Bank of Japan said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the previous 10 days .','Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year ago .','Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October rose 3.3 % .' ), 'This was what the Bank of Japan said .'))

Input: A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Pentagon procurement scandal .','A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive was admitting his role .'))

Input: Mr. Tomlin , who left the Navy in 1985 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Tomlin was Mr. .','Tomlin pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Tomlin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1985 .','Tomlin left the Navy .')))

Input: The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lavelle was prosecutors in connection with Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to documents .','The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 .' ), 'Documents were filed by Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va .'))

Input: Mr. Tomlin , among other things , illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tomlin was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among other things .','Tomlin illegally provided .' ), 'Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition .' ), 'This was what the documents said .'))

Input: Charles Gardner , a former Unisys vice president , and James Neal , a former company consultant , have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Charles Gardner were a former company consultant .','A former Unisys vice president were a former company consultant .','James Neal were a former company consultant .' )CO/LIST(', Charles Gardner have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes .','A former Unisys vice president have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes .','James Neal have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes .'))

Input: Mr. Lavelle faces a maximum of 20 years in jail and a $ 500,000 fine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lavelle is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Lavelle faces a maximum of 20 years in jail .','Lavelle faces a maximum of a $ 500,000 fine .'))

Input: Seats are quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Seats are quoted at $ 430,000 .', CO/LIST('Bid asked $ 430,000 .','$ 525,000 asked $ 430,000 .'))

Input: He plugged the contest on Larry King 's radio show , on Pat Sajak 's television show and on the C-SPAN cable television network .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Larry King 's radio show .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Pat Sajak 's television show and on the C-SPAN cable television network .','He plugged the contest .'))

Input: To make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance who nominated her boss .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to make matters worse .', SUB/ELABORATION('The lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance .','A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance nominated her boss .'))

Input: But he says he would prefer to get nominations from rank-and-file folks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from rank-and-file folks .','He would prefer to get nominations .'))

Input: But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lesko is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon .',', Some larger phenomenon is foiling the contest .'))

Input: Ford Motor Co. and Saab-Scania AB of Sweden broke off talks about a possible alliance after Ford officials concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Ford Motor Co. and Saab-Scania AB of Sweden broke off talks about a possible alliance .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ford officials concluded .','The cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return .'))

Input: Saab said last week it has had and will continue to have contacts with other manufacturers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Saab said last week .', CO/LIST('It has had .','It will continue to have contacts with other manufacturers .'))

Input: Ford and Saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement Friday that their negotiations failed to yield an agreement that could make long-term business sense to both parties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ford and Saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement Friday .', SUB/ELABORATION('Their negotiations failed to yield an agreement .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to both parties .','An agreement could make long-term business sense .')))

Input: Individuals close to the Ford side of the negotiations said late last week that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker lost interest as it became clear that the Swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what individuals close to the Ford side of the negotiations said late last week .', SUB/ELABORATION('The No. 2 U.S. auto maker lost interest .', SUB/ELABORATION('It became clear .','The Swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology .')))

Input: Saab and Fiat have worked together in the past , in one case developing jointly a new auto chassis that became the foundation of Saab 's 9000 model , Fiat 's Croma and Lancia 's Thema .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in one case .',', Saab and Fiat have worked together in the past .' ), 'One case was developing jointly a new auto chassis .' )CO/LIST('A new auto chassis became the foundation of Saab 's 9000 model .','A new auto chassis became the foundation of Fiat 's Croma .','A new auto chassis became the foundation of Lancia 's Thema .'))

Input: But the talks yielded nothing so advanced that we needed to make a public announcement about it , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('But the talks yielded .', SUB/ELABORATION('Nothing so advanced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about it .','We needed to make a public announcement .' ), 'This was what he said .')))

Input: But Ford clearly views Jaguar as a prize worth fighting for , since the company 's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe and the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But Ford clearly views Jaguar as a prize worth up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe .','But Ford clearly views Jaguar as a prize worth up in the high end of the luxury markets in the U.S. .' )SUB/CAUSE('A prize worth was fighting for .', CO/LIST('The company 's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe .','The company 's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in the U.S. .')))

Input: About 5.4 million Jaguar shares changed hands in active trading on London 's stock exchange Friday , and Jaguar shares moved up 19 pence to 696 pence -LRB- $ 11 -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in active trading .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was on London 's stock exchange .','About 5.4 million Jaguar shares changed hands Friday .' ), 'Jaguar shares moved up 19 pence to 696 pence -LRB- $ 11 -RRB- .'))

Input: Up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , Jerral Jerry Jones , watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jerral Jerry Jones is their new and controversial owner .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is up in his stadium box .','Their new and controversial owner watches anxiously .' ), 'The team bounds up to the scrimmage line .'))

Input: Once fat and happy , the Cowboys now are losing games , fans and money .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nearly half the owners of the 28 National Football League teams are losing money , the result of flat attendance , aging stadiums and -- more than anything -- skyrocketing salaries for star players like Mr. Aikman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Aikman is star players like Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The result of flat attendance , aging stadiums and -- more than anything -- skyrocketing salaries for Aikman are money .','Nearly half the owners of the 28 National Football League teams are losing money .'))

Input: First-round draft picks have done even better : Average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 685,000 this year , up 44 % from 1987 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('First-round draft picks have done even better .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 44 % from 1987 .','Average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 685,000 this year .'))

Input: Owners , largely complacent in the past , are now almost desperately looking for ways to lower costs and raise revenue -- embracing some revolutionary ideas in the process .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is largely complacent in the past .','Owners are now almost desperately looking for ways -- .' ), 'This is to lower costs and raise revenue .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is largely complacent in the past .','Owners are embracing some revolutionary ideas in the process .'))

Input: Shortly after buying 66 % of the team from H.R. Bum Bright for $ 145 million , and mindful of the Cowboys ' ragged bottom line , the 47-year-old Mr. Jones set about his own round of team cuts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jones was the 47-year-old Mr. .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from H.R. Bum Bright for $ 145 million .','This was from H.R. Bum Bright for mindful of the Cowboys ' ragged bottom line .' ), 'Jones was buying 66 % of the team .' ), 'Jones set about his own round of team cuts .'))

Input: It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms , elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer , more free-spending era .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is a maze of halls .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Halls connects film rooms .','Halls connects elaborate spas .','Halls connects weight-training centers .' ), 'Weight-training centers testify to a richer , more free-spending era .'))

Input: He likes to tell the yarn of how he got lost on the expansive ranch during an early visit , took refuge in an office and called the front desk for help .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And as for Tom Landry , well , in Mr. Jones 's mind , he had played out his winning years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jones was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was well .','And as for Tom Landry in Jones 's mind , he had played out his winning years .'))

Input: Football has long been Mr. Jones 's passion , both on and off the field .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jones was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was both on and off the field .','Football has long been Jones 's passion .'))

Input: Whatever Mr. Johnson 's talents , in the hearts and minds of many Dallas fans , he is no Tom Landry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson is Whatever Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the hearts and minds of many Dallas fans .', SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson 's talents .','He is no Tom Landry talents .')))

Input: Seven games -LRB- and , after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday , seven losses -RRB- into the season , the new Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The season is the new Cowboys .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday .',', Seven games -LRB- and seven losses -RRB- into the season are n't doing any better than the old .'))

Input: But the general trend , given rising costs in the league , has been to raise prices , and Mr. Jones is expected to eventually follow suit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The general trend was given rising costs in the league .','But the general trend has been to raise prices .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Jones was Mr. .','But Jones is expected to eventually follow suit .'))

Input: The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He calls the contracts critical to winning in the NFL and has played his part in the bidding wars .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He calls the contracts critical to winning in the NFL .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the bidding wars .','He has played his part .'))

Input: Details of the plan , which would go into effect in 1993 , are sketchy , but each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position and ability .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Details of the plan are sketchy .','Details of the plan would go into effect in 1993 .' ), 'Each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position and ability .')

Input: Bonuses would be paid based on playing time and performance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('Many have launched promotions .','This was to attract new fans .' ), 'Many are renegotiating dated stadium contracts .')

Input: Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('Leases on stadiums are either too small or too old .','They say stadiums .'))

Input: And the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for its three-year national network contract .','And the league is trying to get more .' ), 'Its three-year national network contract expires after this season .')

Input: The new breed of team owner , Mr. Jones included , has been fighting the NFL bureaucracy for a greater say in league affairs , and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Jones was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a greater say in league affairs .','The new breed of team owner , Jones included , has been fighting the NFL bureaucracy .' ), 'The battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock .'))

Input: For his part , Jerry Jones says he 's in the business for the long haul , and his work style seems to support that .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Jerry Jones says for his part .','He 's in the business for the long haul .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for his part .','His work style seems to support that .'))

Input: There is the new private jet , the platoon of assistants , invitations to the best parties , and television appearances on shows such as Prime Time Live .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The new private jet is the platoon of assistants .', CO/LIST('There is the new private jet .','There is invitations to the best parties .','There is television appearances on shows such as Prime Time Live .'))

Input: Were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's like doing a documentary on apartheid and insisting that equal time be given to how terrific white South Africans are .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last week , Budget Director Richard Darman structured the $ 16.1 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense , to impose a little bit more discipline by applying cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Darman was Budget Director .', SUB/PURPOSE('Last week , Richard Darman structured the $ 16.1 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense .','This was to impose a little bit more discipline by applying cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget .'))

Input: Rochester Telephone said the acquisition was made in an exchange of its common shares for all the shares of Urban Telephone , but a price was n't disclosed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rochester Telephone said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for all the shares of Urban Telephone .','The acquisition was made in an exchange of its common shares .' ), 'A price was n't disclosed .'))

Input: A bill that would permit the Securities and Exchange Commission to monitor the financial condition of securities firms ' holding companies is facing tough opposition from some Wall Street firms , which argue that the legislation is unnecessary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from some Wall Street firms .','A bill is facing tough opposition .' ), 'A bill would permit the Securities and Exchange Commission to monitor the financial condition of securities firms ' holding companies .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some Wall Street firms argue .','The legislation is unnecessary .'))

Input: The legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee and the Senate Securities Subcommittee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee .','This is by the Senate Securities Subcommittee .' )CO/LIST('The legislation will be the focus of hearings this week .','Other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week .'))

Input: Richard Breeden , the new chairman of the SEC , has n't taken a formal position on the bill , which would also require investors to disclose large trades and give the SEC additional authority during market emergencies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Breeden was the new chairman of the SEC .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the bill .','Richard Breeden has n't taken a formal position .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is during market emergencies .','The bill would also require investors to disclose large trades and give the SEC additional authority .')))

Input: However , he recently told the Senate Banking Committee that he believes the agency should have explicit authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of broker-dealers , which are frequently used to issue bridge loans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he told the Senate Banking Committee .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .','The agency should have explicit authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of broker-dealers .' ), 'Broker-dealers are frequently used to issue bridge loans .'))

Input: The proposal , while well-intended , I think can be dangerously misleading because the likely consequence would be to weaken , rather than strengthen the control the SEC has exercised for 50 years over the financial adequacy and viability of broker-dealers , Michael Raoul-Duval , managing director of First Boston , said in an interview .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Raoul-Duval was managing director of First Boston .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the proposal think .',', Can be dangerously misleading because the likely consequence would be to weaken , rather than strengthen the control the SEC has exercised for 50 years over the financial adequacy and viability of broker-dealers .' ), 'This was what Michael Raoul-Duval said in an interview .'))

Input: An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure , but adds : nobody is wedded to the language in the bill .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure .','An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee adds .' ), 'Nobody is wedded to the language in the bill .')

Input: Edward O'Brien , president of the Securities Industry Association , said that the securities-industry trade group opposes the bill as it is written but that it is hopeful a compromise can be reached to achieve the SEC 's goals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward O'Brien was president of the Securities Industry Association .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Edward O'Brien said .','The securities-industry trade group opposes the bill as it is written but that it is hopeful a compromise can be reached to achieve the SEC 's goals .'))

Input: Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('O'Brien was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee .','O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony this week .' ), 'This was what a spokesman said .'))

Input: In any matters between us and the Cubans there can be no simplicity , consequently I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with Cuban bureaucrats and their counterparts in our own government .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in any matters between us .','This is in any matters between the Cubans .' ), 'There can be no simplicity .' )CO/LIST('I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with Cuban bureaucrats in our own government .','I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with their counterparts in our own government .'))

Input: Despite levels of obstruction , incompetence and ensuing frustration of mythic proportion , these projects all remain , in my mind , valuable and well worth the effort .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is valuable and well worth the effort .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite levels of obstruction , incompetence and ensuing frustration of mythic proportion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in my mind .','These projects all remain .')))

Input: In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .','The generation of painters works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest .' ), 'Painters were growing into maturity right now .')

Input: It is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them , that I am responding to Mr. Asman 's opinions of their country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Asman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them .','I am responding to Asman 's opinions of their country .'))

Input: The Ochoa trial in July , with its revelations of deeply rooted and widespread corruption , and the summary trial and execution , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with its revelations of deeply rooted and widespread corruption .','This was with its revelations of the summary trial and execution .' ), 'The Ochoa trial in July was extremely disturbing to everyone .' ), 'Everyone has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba .')

Input: Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel , the army and the Cuban people .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Asman is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is among Fidel .','This is among the army .','This is among the Cuban people .' ), 'Asman should make distinctions .'))

Input: It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people -LRB- as we well know -RRB- , and it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel and the military and the state bureaucracy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people -LRB- as we well know -RRB- .', CO/LIST('It is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel .','It is even worse folly to merge the military and the state bureaucracy .'))

Input: From my own point of view , given the qualities of humanity , creativity and warm spirit in which the Cuban people excel , we deny ourselves access to things we hold dear , and which seem to run in such short supply these days .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we deny ourselves access to things from my own point of view .', CO/LIST('We hold dear .','Which seem to run in such short supply these days .'))

Input: Investors bailed out of New York City bonds in droves last week , driving prices lower and boosting yields .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in droves .','Investors bailed out of New York City bonds last week .' )CO/LIST('Investors were driving prices lower .','Investors were boosting yields .'))

Input: While that represents a small percentage of the city 's public debt outstanding , Friday 's selling followed a weeklong effort to unload the bonds by a broad spectrum of institutional and individual investors .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That represents a small percentage of the city 's public debt outstanding .', SUB/PURPOSE('Friday 's selling followed a weeklong effort .','This was to unload the bonds by a broad spectrum of institutional and individual investors .'))

Input: Municipal bond analysts said the sell-off was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health , rumors of a $ 900 million bond offering coming soon , and political uncertainty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The city 's financial health was rumors of a $ 900 million bond offering .','The city 's financial health was rumors of political uncertainty .' ), 'A $ 900 million bond offering was coming soon .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what municipal bond analysts said .','The sell-off was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health .'))

Input: A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue .', CO/LIST('A spokesman for the city did say that a general obligation offering is in the works .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the November mayoral election .','A spokesman for the city should be priced sometime in the next two weeks .')))

Input: -LRB- General obligation bonds are backed by the city 's overall revenues and credit . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Regan warned mayoral candidates to be prepared for limited options and constraints on service increases to address the city 's problems in the next few years , due to the now-evident weakening in the New York City economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Regan was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('Regan warned mayoral candidates .','This was to be prepared for limited options and constraints on service increases to address the city 's problems in the next few years , due to the now-evident weakening in the New York City economy .'))

Input: The market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president and chief executive , and Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roger Kimmel was a director .', CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(CO/LIST('Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans .','Qintex Entertainment also said its president and chief executive .','Qintex Entertainment also said Roger Kimmel .' ), 'Qintex Entertainment also resigned .'))

Input: Earlier this month , Qintex Australia 's $ 1.5 billion agreement to acquire MGM\/UA Communications Co. collapsed because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit the Australian operator of television stations and resorts was to have supplied as security in the transaction .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Earlier this month , Qintex Australia 's $ 1.5 billion agreement to acquire MGM\/UA Communications Co. collapsed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit .','The Australian operator of television stations and resorts was to have supplied as security in the transaction .'))

Input: Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia and said it relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Qintex Entertainment said .','It relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements .'))

Input: Jonathan Lloyd , executive vice president and chief financial officer of Qintex Entertainment , said Qintex Entertainment was forced to file for protection to avoid going into default under its agreement with MCA .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jonathan Lloyd was executive vice president and chief financial officer of Qintex Entertainment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jonathan Lloyd said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under its agreement with MCA .','Qintex Entertainment was forced to file for protection to avoid going into default .')))

Input: Mr. Lloyd said both Qintex Entertainment and Qintex Australia had attempted to secure a loan that would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment but the request was turned down by an unidentified lender on Oct. 14 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Lloyd was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lloyd said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Both Qintex Entertainment and Qintex Australia had attempted to secure a loan .','A loan would allow the company to make the $ 5.9 million payment .' ), 'The request was turned down by an unidentified lender on Oct. 14 .')))

Input: Mr. Kimmel was a director of the company and a predecessor firm since 1980 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kimmel was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Kimmel was a director of the company .','Kimmel was a predecessor firm since 1980 .'))

Input: The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM\/UA might be revived .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('A number of accounts of the events accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason .','A number of accounts of the events accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for another .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 13 .','The events were leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices .'))

Input: The ministry inquired about that deal -- which Mr. Utsumi declined to identify -- because the large presence of Japanese banks in the deal was being strongly criticized in the U.S. Congress and it was necessary for us to grasp the situation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Utsumi was which Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress was the U.S. .','The ministry inquired about that deal -- Utsumi declined to identify -- because the large presence of Japanese banks in the deal was being strongly criticized in Congress and it was necessary for us to grasp the situation .'))

Input: Each Japanese bank has its own judgment on the profits and risks in that -LCB- UAL -RCB- deal , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the profits and risks in that -LCB- UAL -RCB- deal .','Each Japanese bank has its own judgment .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: All week there has been much speculation in financial circles in Tokyo and abroad about the ministry 's real position .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Tokyo .','All week there has been much speculation in financial circles .' ), 'All week there has abroad about the ministry 's real position .')

Input: Flush with cash at home , but with fewer customers to lend to , leading banks are eager to expand overseas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car-parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It was concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products .', SUB/PURPOSE('It is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car-parking payment cards .','This was to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores .'))

Input: Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent , stronger grade than the lighter grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so-called American-style cigarettes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is stronger .','Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent grade .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was stronger .','A more pungent grade was used in so-called American-style cigarettes .'))

Input: He says that because Seita 's profits are limited by government-controlled cigarette prices , he does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/CAUSE(', Seita 's profits are limited by government-controlled cigarette prices .','He does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done .'))

Input: When the motorist returned to his car he could turn the card off and , if it showed time remaining , save it for later .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The motorist returned to his car .', CO/LIST('He could turn the card off .', SUB/CONDITION(CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('He could for later .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for later .','He save it .' ), 'It showed time remaining .'))))

Input: And it retains an interest in acquiring candies and other articles that might be sold in tobacco shops .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in .','And it retains an interest .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('And it was acquiring candies .','And it was acquiring other articles .' ), 'Other articles might be sold in tobacco shops .'))

Input: So Seita has introduced blonde cigarettes under the Gauloises label , and intends to relaunch the unsuccessful Gitanes Blondes in new packaging , similar to the slide-packs used by brown-tobacco Gitanes .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the Gauloises label .',', So Seita has introduced blonde cigarettes .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in new packaging , similar to the slide-packs .','The slide-packs were used by brown-tobacco Gitanes .' ), ', So Seita intends to relaunch the unsuccessful Gitanes Blondes .'))

Input: The aim , says Mr. de Galle , is to win market share from imported cigarettes , and to persuade smokers who are switching to blonde cigarettes to keep buying French .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('de Galle was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from imported cigarettes .','The aim , says de Galle , is to win market share , and to persuade smokers .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Smokers are switching to blonde cigarettes .','This is to keep buying French .')))

Input: The decision , Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services , illustrates how Supreme Court rulings often have a ripple effect , spreading into areas of law and policy that were n't part of the actual cases decided and that never were contemplated by the justices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services were the decision .', SUB/ELABORATION('The decision illustrates how Supreme Court rulings often have a ripple effect , spreading into areas of law and policy and that never were contemplated by the justices .', SUB/ELABORATION('Areas of law and policy were n't part of the actual cases .','The actual cases were decided .')))

Input: The preamble says that human life begins at conception and that unborn children have rights protected by the Constitution .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the preamble says .', SUB/ELABORATION('That human life begins at conception and that unborn children have rights .','Rights were protected by the Constitution .'))

Input: Under a 1981 Missouri law , persons accused of some crimes , including trespassing , may offer a defense that their actions were justified as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is under a 1981 Missouri law .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including trespassing .','Persons accused of some crimes may offer a defense .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Their actions were justified as an emergency measure .','This was to avoid an imminent public or private injury .')))

Input: The effect of the Supreme Court Webster opinion is that it left room for grass to grow in the cracks of Roe vs. Wade , and I think this is one of the cracks , said Mark Belz , a St. Louis lawyer who represented Ms. O'Brien and the other St. Louis protesters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There 's no risk to the protesters , and you ca n't keep an abortion clinic open if there are 3,000 people standing outside every day .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There 's no risk to the protesters .', SUB/ELABORATION('You ca n't keep an abortion clinic open if there are 3,000 people .','3,000 people are standing outside every day .'))

Input: In Missouri , those caught drinking and driving between the ages of 16 and 21 may have their licenses revoked for one year , while those 21 or older suffer only a 30-day suspension .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Missouri .','Those caught drinking and driving between the ages of 16 and 21 may have their licenses revoked for one year .' ), 'Those 21 or older suffer only a 30-day suspension .')

Input: A Boone County judge rejected the motion , but Daniel Dodson , a Jefferson City lawyer , says he has appealed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A Boone County judge rejected the motion .', SUB/ELABORATION('Daniel Dodson was a Jefferson City lawyer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Daniel Dodson says .','He has appealed .')))

Input: And in a case filed in federal court in August , a lawyer is arguing that Missouri authorities are wrongfully imprisoning the fetus of a pregnant woman who is in jail for theft and forgery .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a lawyer is arguing in a case filed in federal court in August .', SUB/ELABORATION('Missouri authorities are wrongfully imprisoning the fetus of a pregnant woman .','A pregnant woman is in jail for theft and forgery .'))

Input: What gives these events particular significance , however , is the fact that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union on the horn of Africa .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','What gives these events particular significance is the fact that they are part of a wider drama .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is on the horn of Africa .','A wider drama is affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union .'))

Input: On Sept. 7 , I wrote on these pages about the killing and capturing of 10,000 Ethiopian soldiers by Eritrean and Tigrean guerrillas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about the killing and capturing of 10,000 Ethiopian soldiers by Eritrean and Tigrean guerrillas .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Sept. 7 .','I wrote on these pages .'))

Input: Recently , in Wollo province in the center of Ethiopia , Tigrean forces have killed , wounded and captured an additional 20,000 government troops .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was recently .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the center of Ethiopia .','This was in Wollo province .' ), 'Tigrean forces have killed , wounded and captured an additional 20,000 government troops .'))

Input: But this is not enough .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Considering how tenuous the security of that runway is anyway , the better option -- both morally and strategically -- would be for the Bush administration to blast the regime publicly , in terms clear enough for all influential Somalis to understand .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what this is considering .','How tenuous the security of that runway is anyway .' ), 'The better option -- both morally and strategically -- would be for the Bush administration .' ), 'This is to blast the regime publicly , in terms clear enough for all influential Somalis to understand .')

Input: But as one expert tells me : Whoever it is will have to work pretty damn hard to be worse than Barre .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Remember that it took Mr. Mengistu many months , in what became known as the creeping coup , to topple Emperor Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mengistu was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Haile Selassie was Emperor .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in what became known as the creeping coup .','Remember that it took Mengistu many months to topple Haile Selassie in 1974 and 1975 .')))

Input: It 's not just in Eastern Europe where the march of events is finally on the U.S. side , but on the horn of Africa as well .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Kaplan , author of Surrender or Starve : The Wars Behind the Famine -LRB- Westview Press , 1988 -RRB- , lives in Lisbon .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kaplan is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Kaplan is author of Surrender or Starve .','The Wars Behind the Famine -LRB- Westview Press , 1988 -RRB- .' ), 'Kaplan lives in Lisbon .'))

Input: So far this year , rising demand for OPEC oil and production restraint by some members have kept prices firm despite rampant cheating by others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite rampant cheating .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by others .',', So far this year , rising demand for OPEC oil and production restraint by some members have kept prices firm .'))

Input: But that could change if demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year as some think may happen .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But that could change .', SUB/ELABORATION('Demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some think .','May happen .')))

Input: The Iraqi oil minister and Saudi oil minister Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hisham Nazer was Saudi oil minister .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Iraqi oil minister and Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference .','Their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market .'))

Input: However , in interviews later , both ministers stressed that they expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity and reserves of each member .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in interviews later .','Both ministers stressed .' )CO/LIST('They expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity .','They expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on reserves of each member .')))

Input: If you are already producing at 95 % or 100 % of your capacity , what 's the good to be told you can produce at 105 % of capacity ? asked Mr. Al-Chalabi .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the United Arab Emirates , a chronic quota cheater , refused to give any guarantee it would change its ways .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The United Arab Emirates were a chronic quota cheater .', SUB/ELABORATION('And the United Arab Emirates refused to give any guarantee .','It would change its ways any guarantee .'))

Input: The Rafale project is the result of France 's inability jointly to develop a plane with other countries , and French officials question whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Rafale project is the result of France 's inability jointly to develop a plane with other countries .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what french officials question .','Whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs .'))

Input: Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('France was the aircraft carriers .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is even modernized .','He said , the Crusaders represent .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf .','An obsolete and dangerous protection for France has sent to meet such crises .')))

Input: Defense Minister Jean-Pierre Chevenement told a meeting of the Anglo-American Press Association that the question of modernizing the Crusaders or buying used F18s is a political decision that he will make in due time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jean-Pierre Chevenement was Defense Minister .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jean-Pierre Chevenement told a meeting of the Anglo-American Press Association .', SUB/ELABORATION('The question of modernizing the Crusaders or buying used F18s is a political decision .','He will make in due time .')))

Input: The bureau cited typhoons in the month that discouraged shopping and leisure opportunities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the month .','The bureau cited typhoons .' ), 'The month discouraged shopping and leisure opportunities .')

Input: And tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sarah Hall , an analyst at James Capel -LRB- Far East -RRB- Ltd. , says there is n't much Cathay can do about rising costs for jet fuel , Hong Kong 's tight labor market , or the strengthening of the local currency , which is pegged to the U.S. dollar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sarah Hall is an analyst at James Capel -LRB- Far East -RRB- Ltd. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Sarah Hall says .', CO/DISJUNCTION('There is n't much Cathay can do about rising costs for jet fuel .','There is n't much Cathay can do about Hong Kong 's tight labor market .','There is n't much Cathay can do about the strengthening of the local currency .' ), 'The local currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar .')))

Input: The fuel-efficient Airbus planes will be used largely to replace Cathay 's aging fleet of Lockheed Tristars for regional flights , while the Boeing aircraft will be used on long-haul routes to Europe and North America .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The fuel-efficient Airbus planes will be used largely to replace Cathay 's aging fleet of Lockheed Tristars for regional flights .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Europe and North America .','The Boeing aircraft will be used on long-haul routes .'))

Input: Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan , South Korea and Taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eddington was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan , South Korea and Taiwan .','Where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged .'))

Input: But he emphasizes that Cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the U.S. carrier or with Lufthansa , the West German airline with which it has cooperated for about a decade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lufthansa was the West German airline .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he emphasizes .',', Cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the U.S. carrier or with Lufthansa with which it has cooperated for about a decade .'))

Input: In a pattern it aims to copy in several key U.S. destinations , Cathay recently announced plans to serve San Francisco by flying into American Airlines ' Los Angeles hub and routing continuing passengers onto a flight on the U.S. carrier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is by flying into American Airlines ' Los Angeles hub and routing continuing passengers onto a flight on the U.S. carrier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a pattern .',', Cathay recently announced plans to serve San Francisco .' ), 'It aims to copy in several key U.S. destinations a pattern .'))

Input: We 'll never have a big operation in the U.S. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the Pacific , Mr. Eddington says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eddington is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('We 'll never have a big operation in the U.S. .','They 'll never have one as big as us in the Pacific .' ), 'This is what Eddington says .'))

Input: Cathay has long stated its desire to double its weekly flights into China to 14 , and it is applying to restart long-canceled flights into Vietnam .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Cathay has long stated its desire to double its weekly flights into China to 14 .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is into Vietnam .','It is applying to restart long-canceled flights .'))

Input: And Mr. Eddington emphatically rules out a move to London : Our lifeblood is Hong Kong traffic rights .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Eddington is Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to London .','And Eddington emphatically rules out a move .' ), 'Our lifeblood is Hong Kong traffic rights .'))

Input: Cathay would love to keep going , but the general sense is they 're going to have to do something .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Cathay would love to keep going .', SUB/ELABORATION('The general sense is .','They 're going to have to do something .'))

Input: Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Eddington is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Eddington acknowledges .','The carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he feels .','The Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future .')))

Input: We 're confident that it protects our route structure , he says , and our ability to grow and prosper .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We 're confident that it protects our route structure .','This is what he says .' ), 'We 're confident that it protects our route structure , he our ability to grow and prosper .')

Input: Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase in order to continue its $ 2.15-per-unit annual payment , and for expansion and acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Falcon was a limited partnership .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Falcon said .','It wanted the increase in order to continue its $ 2.15-per-unit annual payment , and for expansion and acquisitions .'))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: Some scenes : -- Saturday morning , a resident was given 15 minutes to scurry into a sagging building and reclaim what she could of her life 's possessions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nearby , five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools , having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is nearby .','Five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was nearby .','Five temporary residents of the school shelter were having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses .'))

Input: The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast , and for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for breakfast .','The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie .' ), 'The cafeteria for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon .')

Input: Some residents defied orders and returned to red buildings to retrieve goods .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some residents defied orders .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Some residents returned to red buildings .','This was to retrieve goods .'))

Input: The San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes for quake-displaced animals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals was The San Francisco .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for quake-displaced animals .',', Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes .'))

Input: The SPCA says it has received more than 100 requests for foster homes on behalf of dogs and cats , though some people have sought temporary homes for birds and fish .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the SPCA says .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on behalf of dogs and cats .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for foster homes .','It has received more than 100 requests .' ), ', Some people have sought temporary homes for birds and fish .')))

Input: The neighborhood around Alexander Haagen Co. 's Vermont-Slauson Shopping Center in the Watts section of Los Angeles resembles the crime-ridden , deteriorating sections of many inner cities and certainly is n't the sort of area one would choose to visit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The neighborhood around Alexander Haagen Co. 's Vermont-Slauson Shopping Center in the Watts section of Los Angeles resembles the crime-ridden , deteriorating sections of many inner cities .', SUB/ELABORATION('The neighborhood around Alexander Haagen Co. 's Vermont-Slauson Shopping Center in the Watts section of Los Angeles certainly is n't the sort of area one .','Would choose to visit the sort .'))

Input: Only it is safer , and busier .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Over the past year there have been only one burglary , three thefts of or from autos , no purse-snatchings , and one attempted robbery in the mall , which opened in late 1981 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past year .', CO/LIST('There have been only one burglary .','There have been three thefts of or from autos .','There have been no purse-snatchings .','There have been one attempted robbery in the mall .' ), 'The mall opened in late 1981 .'))

Input: A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would , per year , be expected to have eight burglaries , 70 thefts of or from autos , and four robberies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was per year .', CO/LIST('A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would be expected to have eight burglaries .','A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would be expected to have 70 thefts of or from autos .','A shopping center of similar size in an affluent Los Angeles suburb would be expected to have four robberies .'))

Input: A successful low-crime mall in a high-crime area violates the more typical inner-city pattern , in which commercial areas are taken over by unruly youth , gangs , and the criminal element , with an erosion of the customer base , development capital , and insurability .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('A successful low-crime mall in a high-crime area violates the more typical inner-city pattern .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with an erosion of the customer base .','This was with an erosion of development capital .','This was with an erosion of insurability in the more typical inner-city pattern .' )CO/LIST(', Commercial areas are taken over by unruly youth .',', Commercial areas are taken over by gangs .',', Commercial areas are taken over by the criminal element .')))

Input: Major regional and national chain stores are replaced by mom-and-pop operations offering poorer-quality merchandise at higher prices .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Major regional and national chain stores are replaced by mom-and-pop operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at higher prices .','Major regional and national chain stores were offering poorer-quality merchandise .'))

Input: This defensible commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape , evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A barren urban landscape is evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the residents .','This defensible commercial zone becomes a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape .'))

Input: This starts in the construction phase through the use of minority contractors and local workers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is through the use of minority contractors .','This is through the use of local workers .' ), 'This starts in the construction phase .')

Input: Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the Vermont-Slauson Center and uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Profits are also plowed back into the community .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the Vermont-Slauson Center .','The non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits .' ), 'The non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects .'))

Input: Shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non-fortress-like appearance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Infrared motion detectors and closed-circuit TV cameras monitor the entire center ; lighting levels are three to five times the industry standard .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Infrared motion detectors monitor the entire center .',', Closed-circuit TV cameras monitor the entire center .' ), 'Lighting levels are three to five times the industry standard .')

Input: These security costs are kept off-budget because the centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs as Urban Development Action Grants , Economic Development Administration Grants , Community Development Block Grants , tax-free Industrial Development Bonds , Enterprise Zone tax write-offs , city infrastructure grants , and tax increment financing .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('These security costs are kept off-budget .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as Urban Development Action Grants .','This was as Economic Development Administration Grants .','This was as Community Development Block Grants .','This was as tax-free Industrial Development Bonds .','This was as Enterprise Zone tax write-offs .','This was as city infrastructure grants .','This was as tax increment financing .' ), 'The centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs .'))

Input: However , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('These centers appear to pay for themselves .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','There is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions .'))

Input: Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Many states already have Enterprise Zones .','Many states already have legislation .' )SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Enterprise Zones and legislation combines tax incentives .','Enterprise Zones and legislation combines loans .','Enterprise Zones and legislation combines grants .' ), 'This is to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities .'))

Input: Combatting crime and the fear of it in inner-city commercial areas should give Enterprise Zones more success than most have enjoyed to date .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in inner-city commercial areas .', CO/LIST(', Combatting crime .', SUB/ELABORATION('The fear of it should give Enterprise Zones more success .','Most have enjoyed to date .')))

Input: For each $ 1,000 of notes , the maker of specialty metals , industrial fasteners and consumer products will pay $ 1,026.46 plus $ 8.68 of interest accrued from Dec. 1 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for each $ 1,000 of notes .','The maker of specialty metals , industrial fasteners and consumer products will pay $ 1,026.46 plus $ 8.68 of interest .' ), 'Interest was accrued from Dec. 1 .')

Input: One company recently was listed on the New York Stock Exchange , and another will join the Big Board from the over-the-counter market this week .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One company recently was listed on the New York Stock Exchange .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the over-the-counter market .','Another will join the Big Board this week .'))

Input: Separately , on the Pacific Stock Exchange , put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was separately .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the Pacific Stock Exchange .','Put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading .'))

Input: Options give a holder the right , but not the obligation , to buy or sell a security at a set price within a set period of time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dow said .', CO/LIST('It already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. .','It already has chairman and chief executive officer of PSE .','It already has certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding .'))

Input: Among her OTC picks are Oshkosh B'Gosh and A&W Brands .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among her OTC .', CO/LIST('Picks are Oshkosh B'Gosh .','Picks are A&W Brands .'))

Input: That 's an important distinction because some analysts and brokers , who perennially predict that small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues , may use any spurt in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/CAUSE('That 's an important distinction .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Some analysts and brokers may use any spurt in growth issues .','This is to help them sell all small stocks .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Some analysts and brokers perennially predict .',', Small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues .')))

Input: You can find some good , quality companies over the counter , but investors should be selective , says John Palicka , chief portfolio manager at Midco Investors , a Newark , N.J. , money management company with about $ 900 million invested in growth stocks of varying sizes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Legent , Mail Boxes Etc. , and Payco American .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Palicka is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Legent .','Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Mail Boxes Etc. .','Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Payco American .'))

Input: In anticipation of that shift , he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in anticipation of that shift .', CO/LIST('He are encouraging their clients .','Other analysts are encouraging their clients .' ), 'This is to buy such issues now .'))

Input: Also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','The smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is also .','The smaller growth stocks so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips .'))

Input: The company 's shares began trading at 12 1\/2 , up from its initial offering price of 12 , and closed at 13 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 121\/2 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from its initial offering price of 12 .','The company 's shares began trading .' ), 'The company 's shares closed at 13 .'))

Input: A Food and Drug Administration advisory panel has asked that Medstone perform more studies on its device to treat gallstones .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Food and Drug Administration advisory panel has asked .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on its device to treat gallstones .','Medstone perform more studies .'))

Input: Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late Thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said late Thursday .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for reserves .','It will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter .' ), 'This is to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant .')))

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications and its target , LIN Broadcasting , were active .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('McCaw Cellular Communications were LIN Broadcasting .','Its target were LIN Broadcasting .' )CO/LIST('McCaw Cellular Communications were active .','Its target were active .'))

Input: Apple earned $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share , in the quarter , including $ 48 million from the sale of its Adobe Systems stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including $ 48 million from the sale of its Adobe Systems stock .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Apple earned $ 161.1 million .','Apple earned $ 1.24 a share .')))

Input: The equity kicker is not attached to the offering , but underwriters said it will be offered after a filing for 68,548 common shares of CNW Holdings is declared effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The equity kicker is not attached to the offering .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what underwriters said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it will be offered .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after a filing for 68,548 .',', Common shares of CNW Holdings is declared effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission .'))))

Input: The issue is noncallable for five years and has a sinking fund starting in 2000 to retire 50 % of the issue before maturity .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue is noncallable for five years .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue has a sinking fund .', SUB/PURPOSE('A sinking fund is starting in 2000 .','This is to retire 50 % of the issue before maturity .')))

Input: Rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .'))

Input: It charged off an estimated $ 200 million of Arizona loans , leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $ 255 million , about 61 % of its $ 416 million of troubled loans and repossessed real estate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was about 61 % of its $ 416 million of troubled loans .','This was about 61 % of its $ 416 million of repossessed real estate .' ), 'It charged off an estimated $ 200 million of Arizona loans .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a reserve for future losses of $ 255 million .','An estimated $ 200 million of Arizona loans was leaving the unit .'))

Input: The action capped a spurt of grim Arizona banking news for the third quarter , and emphatically signaled that Arizona is challenging Texas 's long reign as banking 's busiest graveyard .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The action capped a spurt of grim Arizona banking news for the third quarter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the action signaled .','Arizona is challenging Texas 's long reign as banking 's busiest graveyard .'))

Input: Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. , the state 's largest locally owned banking company , reported a $ 72.2 million loss and suspended its dividend .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Valley National Corp. was the state 's largest locally owned banking company .', CO/LIST('Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. reported a $ 72.2 million loss .','Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. suspended its dividend .'))

Input: Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , which has been wrangling with regulators for months over what to do about Pinnacle 's moribund Merabank thrift unit , suspended its dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Pinnacle West Capital Corp. suspended its dividend .','Pinnacle West Capital Corp. reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income .' ), 'Pinnacle West Capital Corp. has been wrangling with regulators for months over what to do about Pinnacle 's moribund Merabank thrift unit .')

Input: He said the provision was n't forced upon us , but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The provision was n't forced upon us .' ), 'The regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number .')

Input: At least six of Arizona 's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government 's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent ; they are sitting on enormous unrecognized losses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('At least six of Arizona 's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government 's conservatorship program .','At least six of Arizona 's 12 savings and loan institutions are essentially insolvent .' ), 'They are sitting on enormous unrecognized losses .')

Input: Together , the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion , foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A negative $ 1.5 billion was foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion .','A negative $ 1.5 billion was pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is together .','The six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion .'))

Input: They have no reserves against the real estate , and their reserves against the loans are miniscule compared with the levels of reserves banks are moving to set up .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They have no reserves against the real estate .', SUB/ELABORATION('Their reserves against the loans are miniscule compared with the levels of reserves .','Banks are moving to set up reserves .'))

Input: All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona 's boom-and-bust history , compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles : greed , fraud and plain bad banking .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona 's boom-and-bust history .', CO/LIST('The result of one was compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles .','The result of one was compounded by greed .','The result of one was compounded by fraud .','The result of one was compounded by plain bad banking .'))

Input: In the late 1970s and early 1980s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was into office buildings .','This was into condominiums .','This was into massive tracts of raw desert land .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the late 1970s and early 1980s .','Lenders and developers poured money , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come .'))

Input: Now , annual population growth is running at about 2 % a year , some desert tracts bought three years ago for $ 90,000 an acre are being sold at $ 25,000 an acre and Phoenix has a seven-year supply of unoccupied office space .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','Annual population growth is running at about 2 % a year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was now .',', Some desert tracts bought three years ago for $ 90,000 an acre are being sold at $ 25,000 an acre .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','Phoenix has a seven-year supply of unoccupied office space .'))

Input: It 's horrible to say , but it 's unfortunate that earthquake was n't in Phoenix -- it might have knocked out some of our empty buildings , said C.W. Jackson , a prominent Arizona businessman with interests in real estate , banking and many other businesses .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That 's up from about 687 a month in 1985 , and it 's accelerating : So far this month , foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('That 's up from about 687 a month in 1985 .','It 's accelerating .' ), ', So far this month , foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day .')

Input: Moreover , Mr. Shattuck and others said residential real estate , which had remained fairly strong through most of the downturn , is beginning to comprise more and more of the foreclosures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Shattuck was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shattuck and others said .','Residential real estate is beginning to comprise more and more of the foreclosures .' ), 'Residential real estate had remained fairly strong through most of the downturn .'))

Input: We 're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end ... .
Prediction: NONE

Input: First Interstate had a $ 214.4 million loss in 1988 's third quarter , mainly from writedowns and reserves connected with its Texas operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 's third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from writedowns and reserves .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was mainly .','First Interstate had a $ 214.4 million loss .' ), 'Writedowns and reserves were connected with its Texas operations .')))

Input: For the six months ended June 30 , it reported net income of $ 234.3 million , or $ 4.83 a share , including $ 46 million from tax credits and accounting changes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including $ 46 million from tax credits and accounting changes .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the six months .','The six months were ended June 30 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It reported net income of $ 234.3 million .','It reported net income of $ 4.83 a share .')))

Input: First Interstate said its operations outside of Arizona achieved results as expected for the quarter , but did n't specify the results .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First Interstate said .', CO/CONTRAST('Its operations outside of Arizona achieved results as expected for the quarter .','Its operations did n't specify the results .'))

Input: S&P also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company 's principal unit , Valley National Bank of Arizona .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Valley National Bank of Arizona was the bank holding company 's principal unit .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on unsecured deposits and issues .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the bank holding company 's principal unit .','Unsecured deposits and issues were backed by a letter of credit .' ), ', S&P also lowered ratings .')))

Input: IL-4 is a hormone which directs the growth and function of white blood cells involved in the body 's immune response .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('IL-4 is a hormone .', SUB/ELABORATION('A hormone directs the growth and function of white blood cells .','White blood cells were involved in the body 's immune response .'))

Input: The IL-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by Receptech Corp. , a spinoff of Immunex , through a proposed $ 30 million initial public offering .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Receptech Corp. was a spinoff of Immunex .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through a proposed $ 30 million initial public offering .','The IL-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by Receptech Corp. .'))

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Jason Overseas Ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney & Co. and Mabon Nugent & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts expect Conner 's earnings to reach roughly $ 40 million , or $ 1 to $ 1.05 a share , on sales of $ 650 million , for 1989 , the company 's third full year in business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for 1989 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Analysts expect Conner 's earnings to reach roughly $ 40 million on sales of $ 650 million the company 's third full year in business .','Analysts expect Conner 's earnings to reach $ 1 to $ 1.05 a share , on sales of $ 650 million the company 's third full year in business .'))

Input: The company supplies drives to Compaq and Zenith Data Systems , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops , and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zenith Data Systems are the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sharp Corp. is the leading Japanese laptop makers .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to Compaq and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. .','This is to Zenith Data Systems and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. .' ), 'The company supplies drives .')))

Input: They 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly rewarded , said Bob Katsive , an analyst at Disk\/Trend Inc. , a market researcher in Los Altos , Calif .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both Toshiba and NEC already produce hard-disk drives , and Sony also is studying the field , Mr. Claridge said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Claridge was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Both Toshiba and NEC already produce hard-disk drives .',', Sony also is studying the field .' ), 'This was what Claridge said .'))

Input: But Conner is n't standing still .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Conner is supplying hard-disk drives for the machine , which weighs only six pounds and fits in a briefcase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the machine .',', Conner is supplying hard-disk drives .' )CO/LIST('The machine weighs only six pounds .','The machine fits in a briefcase .'))

Input: Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to Compaq , which as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers .',', Conner also is a major supplier to Compaq .' ), ', Compaq as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock .')

Input: He says his aim is to reach people who are bedridden , have no access to transportation , ca n't find a lawyer to take their case or simply ca n't afford lawyers ' consultation fees .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('His aim is to reach people .', CO/LIST('People are bedridden .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to transportation .','People have no access .' ), 'People ca n't find a lawyer to take their case .','People simply ca n't afford lawyers ' consultation fees .')))

Input: In an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue , Cane lawyers review documents and perform research , if necessary , with the help of three law clerks and several support staffers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue .',', Cane lawyers review documents .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an effort to determine whether a caller has reason to sue .', CO/LIST(', Cane lawyers perform research , if necessary , with the help of three law clerks .',', Cane lawyers perform research , if necessary , with the help of several support staffers .')))

Input: If the matter requires further legal work or litigation , Mr. Cane says , his lawyers may refer the client to a law firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cane is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('The matter requires further legal work or litigation .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to a law firm .',', Cane says , his lawyers may refer the client .')))

Input: So far , says Mr. Cane , most calls have involved landlord-tenant problems , tax problems , divorce , and probate questions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cane was Mr. .', CO/LIST(', So far , says Cane , most calls have involved landlord-tenant problems .',', So far , says Cane , most calls have involved tax problems .',', So far , says Cane , most calls have involved divorce .',', So far , says Cane , most calls have involved probate questions .'))

Input: A federal court jury in New York found U.S. Rep. Robert Garcia -LRB- D. , N.Y . -RRB- and his wife , Jane Lee Garcia , guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Garcia was U.S. Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was N.Y .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jane Lee Garcia was his wife .', CO/LIST('A federal court jury in New York found Robert Garcia -LRB- D. -RRB- .','A federal court jury in New York found his wife guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman .'))))

Input: In the next few weeks , I will be consulting with my political advisers and with the Democratic leaders about the best way of preserving the interests of my constituents , said Mr. Garcia , 56 years old .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The five partners who resigned from Shea & Gould late last week are Tom Hutton , Sam Ingram , Dean Yuzek , Daniel Carroll and Ernest Bertolotti .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The five partners are Tom Hutton .','The five partners are Sam Ingram .','The five partners are Dean Yuzek .','The five partners are Daniel Carroll .','The five partners are Ernest Bertolotti .' ), 'The five partners resigned from Shea & Gould late last week .')

Input: He said Shea & Gould held a number of discussions with the five partners during the past few weeks to get them to stay but that the five were firmly committed to running their own firm .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shea & Gould held a number of discussions with the five partners during the past few weeks .','To get them to stay but that the five were firmly committed to running their own firm .'))

Input: Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Drexel does n't have a Delaware office .', SUB/ELABORATION('The New York firm has been negotiating settlements .',', Settlements would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon .'))

Input: Drexel pleaded guilty in September to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud ; it also made a $ 650 million civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Drexel pleaded guilty in September to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','It also made a $ 650 million civil settlement .'))

Input: Executives close to Philip Morris said that the tobacco and food giant has asked Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide Inc. , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , and possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what executives said .', CO/LIST('The tobacco and food giant has asked Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide Inc. .','The tobacco and food giant has asked a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co. .','The tobacco and food giant has asked possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account .'))

Input: Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising , but the company denied it was participating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Philip Morris has scaled back ad spending on the brand over the past year , industry executives said , and it now bills about $ 30 million to $ 40 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the brand over the past year .','But Philip Morris has scaled back ad spending .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 40 million .','But it now bills about $ 30 million .'))

Input: That ad generated so much publicity that a trade magazine launched a contest for its readers to guess who the guy was and what he was doing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That ad generated so much publicity .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for its readers .','A trade magazine launched a contest .' ), 'This was to guess who the guy was and what he was doing .'))

Input: While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry and Sunkist accounts , the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account and the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry and Sunkist accounts .','This was including the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account .','This was including the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business .' ), 'It has lost a number of big accounts this year .'))

Input: Its victories include more than $ 30 million in Sheraton Corp. business and an assignment from Dun & Bradstreet worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million .', CO/LIST('Its victories include more than $ 30 million in Sheraton Corp. business .','Its victories include an assignment from Dun & Bradstreet .'))

Input: The Red and White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County , and tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Red and White Fleet is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip .', CO/LIST('The Red and White Fleet operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County .','The Red and White Fleet operates tourist tours of the bay .'))

Input: Meetings canceled by Apple Computer Inc. 's European sales force and by other groups raised the specter of empty hotel rooms and restaurants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and low-interest loans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in the form of grants .','This is in the form of low-interest loans .' ), ', California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid .')

Input: The state has a $ 1 billion reserve , and is expected to add $ 1 billion to that fund in the next year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The state has a $ 1 billion reserve .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to that fund in the next year .','The state is expected to add $ 1 billion .'))

Input: Some of that money will be available for highway repair and special emergency aid , but members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(', Some of that money will be available for highway repair .',', Some of that money will be available for special emergency aid .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax .','This is to raise money for earthquake relief .'))

Input: G. Christian Hill and Ken Wells contributed to this article .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the net interest bill jumped 85 % to A$ 686.7 million from A$ 371.1 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to A$ 686.7 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from A$ 371.1 million .','But the net interest bill jumped 85 % .'))

Input: The results included a A$ 453.4 million write-off of future income-tax benefits and a provision for a loss of A$ 149.5 million on the sale of a stake of about 20 % in Lonrho PLC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the sale of a stake of about 20 % in Lonrho PLC .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a loss of A$ 149.5 million .', CO/LIST('The results included a A$ 453.4 million write-off of future income-tax benefits .','The results included a A$ 453.4 million write-off of a provision .')))

Input: However , Bond Corp. said the tax benefits remain available and might be used later .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bond Corp. said .', CO/LIST('The tax benefits remain available .','The tax benefits might be used later .'))

Input: Earnings before interest and tax from brewing dived 50 % to A$ 123.8 million from A$ 247.3 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to A$ 123.8 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from A$ 247.3 million .','Earnings before interest and tax from brewing dived 50 % .'))

Input: The company said the general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations , G. Heileman Brewing Co. , was disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('G. Heileman Brewing Co. was its U.S. brewing operations .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','The general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations was disappointing .' ), 'This has been reflected in the results .'))

Input: The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bond Corp is his flagship .', CO/LIST('The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond .','The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for his flagship .'))

Input: But in a TV interview Sunday Mr. Bond said , We 've taken a big loss .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bond was a TV interview Sunday Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bond said .','But , We 've taken a big loss .'))

Input: It said it will look at opportunities in brewing , property and energy resources to the extent consistent with the dominant objective of manageable debt-to-assets ratios .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the extent consistent with the dominant objective of manageable debt-to-assets ratios .','It will look at opportunities in brewing , property and energy resources .'))

Input: Some analysts contend the total writeoffs should have been much greater , and Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets and deals about which there is uncertainty regarding the current value and potential impact on the firm .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Some analysts contend .','The total writeoffs should have been much greater .' ), 'Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets and deals about which there is uncertainty regarding the current value and potential impact on the firm .')

Input: Nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential Inwood section of northern Manhattan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Israel Ortiz is only one of the thousands of entrepreneurs and their employees who will be injured or killed by crime this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Israel Ortiz is only one of the thousands of entrepreneurs .','Israel Ortiz is only one of the thousands of their employees .' ), 'Only one of the thousands of entrepreneurs and their employees will be injured or killed by crime this year .')

Input: The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports .', CO/LIST('Almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average .','Almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople .'))

Input: The survey found that over a three-year period 22 % of the firms said employees or owners had been robbed on their way to or from work or while on the job .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The survey found .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what 22 % of the firms said over a three-year period .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to or from work or while .','Employees or owners had been robbed on their way on the job .')))

Input: In Brooklyn and the Bronx , one out of four commercial firms is burglarized each year .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in Brooklyn .','This was in the Bronx .' ), 'One out of four commercial firms is burglarized each year .')

Input: One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths and 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after 34 years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in business .','One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store .' )CO/LIST('Business included four robbery deaths .','Business included 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises .')))

Input: The number one proposal for reducing crime in the New York survey was to put more police on foot or scooter patrol , suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on foot or scooter patrol .','The number one proposal for reducing crime in the New York survey was to put more police .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Foot was suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents .',', Scooter patrol was suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents .'))

Input: For cities losing business to suburban shopping centers , it may be a wise business investment to help keep those jobs and sales taxes within city limits .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for cities .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to suburban shopping centers .',', Cities are losing business .' ), 'It may be a wise business investment .' ), 'This is to help keep those jobs and sales taxes within city limits .'))

Input: It might even have saved the life , and business , of Israel Ortiz .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Sherman is a professor of criminology at the University of Maryland and president of the Crime Control Institute in Washington , D.C .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sherman is Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Sherman is a professor of criminology at the University of Maryland .',', Sherman is a professor of criminology at president of the Crime Control Institute in Washington , D.C .'))

Input: That 's a fundamental lesson for investors , but its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds during and after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That 's a fundamental lesson for investors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during and after the stock market 's Friday-the-13th plunge .','Its truth was demonstrated once again in the performance of mutual funds .'))

Input: That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday , last Monday 's rebound and the dips and blips that followed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday .','That reflects last Monday 's rebound .','That reflects the dips and blips .' ), 'The dips and blips followed .')

Input: Funds that invest internationally were the top-performing stock and fixed-income funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Funds were the top-performing stock .','Funds were fixed-income funds .' ), 'Funds invest internationally .')

Input: But the latest mutual fund performance figures do show what can happen when the going gets rough .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the latest mutual fund performance figures do show .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Show can happen .','The going gets rough .'))

Input: But Lipper Analytical 's figures show that there were a number of ways investors could have cushioned themselves from the stock market 's gyrations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But Lipper Analytical 's figures show .', SUB/ELABORATION('There were a number of ways .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the stock market 's gyrations ways .','Investors could have cushioned themselves .')))

Input: Gold-oriented funds , for instance , which invest in companies that mine and process the precious metal , posted an average decline of 1.15 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance .','Gold-oriented funds posted an average decline of 1.15 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Instance invest in companies .',', Companies mine and process the precious metal .'))

Input: Flexible portfolio funds , which allocate investments among stocks , bonds and money-market instruments and other investments , declined at about half the rate of stock funds -- an average drop of 1.27 % , according to Lipper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Lipper .','Flexible portfolio funds declined at about half the rate of stock funds -- an average drop of 1.27 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is among stocks .','This is among bonds .','This is among money-market instruments and other investments .' ), 'Flexible portfolio funds allocate investments .'))

Input: But while the merits of diversification shine through when times are tough , there 's also a price to pay : A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('The merits of diversification shine through when times are tough .','But , there 's also a price to pay .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot .','A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio .'))

Input: And Friday the 13th notwithstanding , stocks have been this year 's hot investment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Among Mr. Bacarella 's picks : Oracle Systems , Reebok International Ltd. and Digital Microwave Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Among the big stock funds , Dreyfus Fund , with more than $ 2 billion in assets , had a decline of just 1.49 % for the week and a return of 21.42 % for the year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the big stock funds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with more than $ 2 billion in assets .', CO/LIST('Dreyfus Fund had a decline of just 1.49 % for the week .','Dreyfus Fund had a decline of a return of 21.42 % for the year .')))

Input: We believe interest rates will continue to trend lower , and the economy will slow around the world .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we believe .','Interest rates will continue to trend lower .' ), 'The economy will slow around the world .')

Input: Three International Cash Portfolios funds , which invest almost exclusively in bonds and money-market instruments overseas , were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Three International Cash Portfolios funds were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week .', CO/LIST('Three International Cash Portfolios funds invest almost exclusively in bonds overseas .','Three International Cash Portfolios funds invest almost exclusively in money-market instruments overseas .'))

Input: But when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies , as it did for much of this year , the dollar value of these funds declines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The dollar rises against major foreign currencies .','It did for much of this year .' ), 'But , the dollar value of these funds declines .')

Input: But investors do n't seem to think so .
Prediction: NONE

Input: People showed some staying power and , in fact , interest in buying equities .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .','People showed some staying power and interest .' ), 'People were buying equities .'))

Input: Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC , a major British composite insurer , said it is taking a stake in Nationwide Anglia Building Society 's estate agency business as part of a plan to create a range of commercial linkages in the U.K. and Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC was a major British composite insurer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as part of a plan .','It is taking a stake in Nationwide Anglia Building Society 's estate agency business .' ), 'This is to create a range of commercial linkages in the U.K. and Europe .')))

Input: But the companies said that Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents will market GRE life insurance , pension and investment products through its more than 1,000 retail outlets in the U.K .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the companies said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is through its more than 1,000 retail outlets in the U.K .','Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents will market GRE life insurance , pension and investment products .'))

Input: Sitting at the bar of the Four Seasons restaurant , architect William McDonough seems oblivious to the glamorous clientele and the elegant setting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William McDonough is architect .', CO/LIST('William McDonough is sitting at the bar of the Four Seasons restaurant .', CO/LIST('William McDonough seems oblivious to the glamorous clientele .','William McDonough seems oblivious to the elegant setting .')))

Input: You may be hearing more about the 38-year-old Mr. McDonough and his preoccupation with clean air .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonough is the 38-year-old Mr. .', CO/LIST('You may be hearing more about McDonough with clean air .','You may be hearing more about his preoccupation with clean air .'))

Input: He has put some of his aesthetic ideas into practice with his design of the four-star Quilted Giraffe restaurant -- architecturally impeccable , Progressive Architecture magazine called it -- and his remodeling of Paul Stuart , the Madison Avenue clothing store .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was into practice .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with his design of the four-star Quilted Giraffe restaurant .','He has put some of his aesthetic ideas .' ), 'Architecturally impeccable , Progressive Architecture magazine called it .', SUB/ELABORATION('Paul Stuart is the Madison Avenue clothing .','His remodeling of Paul Stuart store .')))

Input: He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Kid Creole was a show by the band .','The Coconuts was a show by the band .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Creole was Kid .','He is now designing a Broadway stage set for Creole and the Coconuts .'))

Input: If Mr. McDonough 's plans get executed , as much of the Polish center as possible will be made from aluminum , steel and glass recycled from Warsaw 's abundant rubble .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonough was Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('McDonough 's plans get executed .', SUB/ELABORATION('Much of the Polish center as possible will be made from aluminum .', CO/LIST(', Steel recycled from Warsaw 's abundant rubble .','Glass recycled from Warsaw 's abundant rubble .'))))

Input: To the extent that the $ 150 million budget will allow it , Mr. McDonough will rely on solid wood , rather than plywood or particle board , to limit the emission of formaldehyde .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonough is Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the extent .','The $ 150 million budget will allow it .' ), 'McDonough will rely on solid wood , rather than plywood or particle board .' ), 'This is to limit the emission of formaldehyde .'))

Input: All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to that extreme .','We ca n't all carry it .'))

Input: Karen Nichols , senior associate at Michael Graves 's architecture firm in Princeton , N.J. , says : We 're really at the mercy of what the construction industry can and will do readily .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Karen Nichols is senior associate at Michael Graves 's architecture firm in Princeton , N.J. .','Karen Nichols says .' ), 'We 're really at the mercy of what the construction industry can and will do readily .')

Input: He and his father still spend time each summer fly-fishing for salmon in Iceland .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('He still spend time each summer .','His father still spend time each summer .' )CO/LIST('He still are fly-fishing for salmon in Iceland .','His father still are fly-fishing for salmon in Iceland .'))

Input: Living in Hong Kong , he says , made him sensitive to the limits on food , power and water supplies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('He established a company .','A Dartmouth roommate established a company .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Vermont .','A company restored three hydroelectric power plants .'))

Input: The offices took 10,000 square feet of a building with 14-foot ceilings and big , operable windows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with 14-foot ceilings .','This was with big , operable windows .' ), 'The offices took 10,000 square feet of a building .')

Input: It really looks beautiful and is very light , says Ann Hornaday , a free-lance writer who has visited the office for lunch meetings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It makes extensive use of stainless steel , silver and aluminum that sets off black granite table tops and a gray terrazzo with zinc-strip floors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It makes extensive use of stainless steel , silver and aluminum .', CO/LIST('Extensive use of stainless steel , silver and aluminum sets off black granite table tops .','Extensive use of stainless steel , silver and aluminum sets off a gray terrazzo with zinc-strip floors .'))

Input: He had worked with Mr. McDonough on an earlier project and recruited him as architect for the trade center .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonough was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on an earlier project .','He had worked with McDonough .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as architect for the trade center .','He had recruited him .')))

Input: Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the Eiffel Tower of Warsaw and a symbol of the resurgence of Poland .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonough is Mr. .', CO/LIST('McDonough thinks of the center as the Eiffel Tower of Warsaw .','McDonough thinks of the center as a symbol of the resurgence of Poland .'))

Input: Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Muniak was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Muniak 's company was Balag Ltd. .','Muniak 's company has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it .' ), 'Discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained .'))

Input: Net sank to $ 3.1 million , or eight cents a share , including $ 789,000 , or two cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was including $ 789,000 .','This was including two cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net sank to $ 3.1 million .','Net sank to eight cents a share .' ), 'Net was reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward .'))

Input: Pittston also owns Brink 's Inc. , the security service , and Burlington Air Express , the air-freight concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brink 's Inc. is the security service .', SUB/ELABORATION('Burlington Air Express is the air-freight concern .', CO/LIST('Pittston also owns Brink 's Inc. .','Pittston also owns Burlington Air Express .')))

Input: While the tone of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('The tone of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound .',', Seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter .' ), 'This was what Pittston said .')

Input: As they stumble and bumble toward election day two weeks from tomorrow , both Democrat David Dinkins and Republican Rudolph Giuliani are in trouble .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Dinkins is Democrat .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Rudolph Giuliani is David Dinkins .','Rudolph Giuliani is Republican .' )SUB/ELABORATION('They stumble and bumble toward election day two weeks from tomorrow .','Both Rudolph Giuliani are in trouble .')))

Input: Mr. Dinkins , the Manhattan borough president , can afford more bumbling and stumbling because he holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is the Manhattan borough president .', SUB/CAUSE('Dinkins can afford more bumbling and stumbling .','He holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls .')))

Input: But , in the past 10 days , he has taken a series of body blows to his pride and his reputation that could adversely affect his ability to govern this tumultuous city should he become New York 's first black mayor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to his pride .','This was to his reputation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past 10 days .','But he has taken a series of body blows .' ), 'His reputation could adversely affect his ability to govern this tumultuous city should he become New York 's first black mayor .'))

Input: This is the nation 's biggest city and , traditionally , its mayor is the nation 's best-known urban politician .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This is the nation 's biggest city .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is traditionally .','Its mayor is the nation 's best-known urban politician .'))

Input: Republicans figured that in Mr. Giuliani , the nation 's best-known prosecutor , they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of Democratic territory and that they would pick up a new political star .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Giuliani was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Giuliani was the nation 's best-known prosecutor .','Republicans figured that in Giuliani , they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of Democratic territory and that they would pick up a new political star .'))

Input: Dinkins is a decent but sloppy guy , says David Garth , veteran campaign consultant here who has always worked for Mayor Edward Koch , defeated by Mr. Dinkins in the Sept. 12 Democratic primary .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the steam may never reach the engine room .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the trouble it faces now under Democratic rule seems bigger and more daunting than anything it has faced in the past .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But the trouble seems bigger and more daunting than anything .','It has faced in the past anything .' ), 'It faces now the trouble under Democratic rule .')

Input: People were n't so happy in the 1930s , says Thomas Lessner , another local professor and the biographer of the legendary Fiorello LaGuardia , the city 's fusion mayor who built a coalition Mr. Giuliani hopes to emulate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at each other .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at least .','But back then they did n't generally direct their anger .'))

Input: The 62-year-old Mr. Dinkins , an ex-Marine , has served as the city clerk and as Manhattan borough president , a job with limited executive responsibilities
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was The 62-year-old Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was an ex-Marine .', SUB/ELABORATION('Manhattan borough president was a job with limited executive responsibilities .','Dinkins has served as the city clerk and as Manhattan borough president .')))

Input: He defeated the contentious Mr. Koch in the Democratic primary partly because he seemed to offer hope he could heal the city 's racial and ethnic wounds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Koch was the contentious Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('He defeated Koch in the Democratic primary .', SUB/ELABORATION('He seemed to offer hope .','He could heal the city 's racial and ethnic wounds hope .')))

Input: Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates , but Mr. Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for scheduling them .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle .' ), 'Dinkins was scheduling them .')))

Input: It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion and gay rights , sought the support of both the Liberal and Conservative parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- and that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jackie Mason was comedian .', SUB/ELABORATION('It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion and gay rights and that he turned to Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters .', CO/LIST('Abortion were sought the support of both the Liberal and Conservative parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- .','Gay rights were sought the support of both the Liberal and Conservative parties -LRB- he won the Liberal endorsement -RRB- .')))

Input: Mr. Dinkins concedes nothing in his ability to stumble and bumble .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in his ability to stumble and bumble .','Dinkins concedes nothing .'))

Input: It began in 1973 , when he was being considered for deputy mayor , and a routine check unearthed the extraordinary fact that he had n't paid his income tax for the previous four years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('It began in 1973 .','He was being considered for deputy mayor .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A routine check unearthed the extraordinary fact .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the previous four years .','He had n't paid his income tax .')))

Input: So far though , no one -- not even former U.S. attorney Giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just what law Mr. Dinkins has broken or just what tax he has evaded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Giuliani was former U.S. attorney .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins was what law Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far though .','No one -- not even Giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just Dinkins has broken or just what tax he has evaded .')))

Input: Rome magistrates accuse Mr. Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion lire -LRB- $ 880,000 -RRB- from the Vatican in return for documents contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi , the Ambrosiano chairman found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly before the bank 's collapse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carboni was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the bank 's collapse .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rome magistrates accuse Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion lire -LRB- $ 880,000 -RRB- from the Vatican in return for documents , the Ambrosiano chairman found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly .','Documents were contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi .')))

Input: Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg that were owned , directly or indirectly , by the Vatican bank .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was directly or indirectly .','A series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg were owned by the Vatican bank .'))

Input: Italian papers speculated the briefcase contained papers either exonerating the Vatican bank from blame in the scandal , or showing that the bank , known as the Istituto per le Opere di Religione , channeled funds to East bloc groups such as Solidarity in Poland .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what italian papers speculated .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from blame in the scandal .','The briefcase contained papers either exonerating the Vatican bank , or showing that the bank channeled funds to East bloc groups such as Solidarity in Poland .' ), 'The bank was known as the Istituto per le Opere di Religione .'))

Input: This business trust company said its board elected Kieran E. Burke , a consultant to Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. , as chief executive officer , a new post , and as president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company also named Michael E. Gellert , a director and a major shareholder , to fill the vacant seat of chairman .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The company also named Michael E. Gellert .','The company also named a director .','The company also named a major shareholder .' ), 'This was to fill the vacant seat of chairman .')

Input: The Serious Fraud Office , a division of London 's Metropolitan Police responsible for investigating financial crimes , said its work would take in allegations of fraud prior to , surrounding and subsequent to the merger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Serious Fraud Office was a division of London 's Metropolitan Police responsible for investigating financial crimes .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Serious Fraud Office said .','Its work would take in allegations of fraud prior to .' ), 'The Serious Fraud Office surrounding .','The Serious Fraud Office subsequent to the merger .'))

Input: Ferranti said that it welcomes the investigation and that it will cooperate fully .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ferranti said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It welcomes the investigation .','It welcomes that .' ), 'It will cooperate fully .'))

Input: The British defense electronics group has said it will sell # 100 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the British defense electronics group has said .','It will sell # 100 million in assets .' ), 'The British defense electronics group may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles .')

Input: Chicago businessmen Bertram M. Lee and Peter Bynoe signed a new agreement to purchase the Denver Nuggets basketball team , but not as principal owners .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bertram M. Lee was Chicago businessmen .', SUB/PURPOSE('Bertram M. Lee and Peter Bynoe signed a new agreement .','This was to purchase the Denver Nuggets basketball team , but not as principal owners .'))

Input: Messrs. Lee and Bynoe last July announced a deal that would have made them the first black principal owners of a major professional sports franchise .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee was Messrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lee and Bynoe last July announced a deal .','A deal would have made them the first black principal owners of a major professional sports franchise .'))

Input: Royal withdrew its offer to buy Realist , a maker of optical and electronic products based in Menomonee Falls , Wis. , for $ 14.06 a share in July after Realist disclosed the Ammann purchase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Realist was a maker of optical and electronic products .', SUB/ELABORATION('Menomonee Falls was Wis. .','Royal withdrew its offer to buy Realist based in Menomonee Falls for $ 14.06 a share in July after Realist disclosed the Ammann purchase .'))

Input: A Realist official said the company had n't yet received the full complaint and would n't have a response until it had an opportunity to review it .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Realist official said .', CO/LIST('The company had n't yet received the full complaint .', SUB/CONDITION('The company would n't have a response .','It had an opportunity to review it .')))

Input: Winnebago Industries Inc. , battered by a deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle industry sales , reported a widened fourth-quarter loss and slashed its dividend in half .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Winnebago Industries Inc. reported a widened fourth-quarter loss .','Winnebago Industries Inc. were battered by a deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle industry sales .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in half .','Winnebago Industries Inc. slashed its dividend .' ), 'Winnebago Industries Inc. were battered by a deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle industry sales .'))

Input: The Forest City , Iowa , maker of motor homes said it had a loss of $ 11.3 million , or 46 cents a share , in the quarter ended Aug. 26 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Forest City , Iowa , maker of motor homes said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .','The quarter was ended Aug. 26 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It had a loss of $ 11.3 million .','It had a loss of 46 cents a share .')))

Input: A year earlier , the company had a deficit of $ 1.5 million , or six cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had a deficit of $ 1.5 million .','The company had a deficit of six cents a share .'))

Input: Indeed , Winnebago said it started several promotional programs to spur retail sales in the fall and winter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Winnebago said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It started several promotional programs .','This was to spur retail sales in the fall and winter .'))

Input: The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry , which makes products such as motor homes , travel trailers , folding campers and van conversions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry .', CO/LIST('A difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry makes products such as motor homes .','A difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry makes products such as travel trailers .','A difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry makes products such as folding campers .','A difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry makes products such as van conversions .'))

Input: But the rate of the decline snowballed in August , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier , according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with unit sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association .','But the rate of the decline snowballed in August .')))

Input: So when there 's talk and concern about the economy , it 's not unreasonable for a portion of the buying public to defer purchases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There 's talk and concern about the economy .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is so .','It 's not unreasonable for a portion of the buying public to defer purchases .'))

Input: But he said the industry has a good decade ahead , particularly if aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams by buying RVs .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/CONDITION('The industry has a good decade ahead .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','Aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams .' ), 'Aging baby boomers are buying RVs .')))

Input: Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in August , and 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn .','Unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in August .' ), 'Winnebago was 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year .')

Input: As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports .', SUB/ELABORATION('The consensus among economists and money managers is .','The news will be negative .'))

Input: And that , they say , will be good for bonds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold .','But , bond yields jumped .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold .','But , prices tumbled .'))

Input: For example , a group of long-term Treasury bonds tracked by Merrill Lynch & Co. produced a total return of 1 % in the first quarter , 12.45 % in the second quarter and -0.06 % in the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .', CO/LIST('A group of long-term Treasury bonds produced a total return of 1 % in the first quarter .','A group of long-term Treasury bonds produced a total return of 12.45 % in the second quarter .','A group of long-term Treasury bonds produced a total return of -0.06 % in the third quarter .' ), 'Long-term Treasury bonds were tracked by Merrill Lynch & Co. .'))

Input: Now some investment analysts insist that the economic climate has turned cold and gloomy , and they are urging clients to buy bonds before the rally begins .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some investment analysts insist .','The economic climate has turned cold and gloomy .' )SUB/PURPOSE('They are urging clients .','This is to buy bonds before the rally begins .'))

Input: I think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1\/2 % in the next two weeks and 8 % by year end .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .', CO/LIST('We will see a federal funds rate of close to 81\/2 % in the next two weeks .','We will see a federal funds rate of 8 % by year end .'))

Input: He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('These bonds should appreciate in value .',', Some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities .'))

Input: If the -LCB- Tennessee Valley Authority -RCB- sale is any guide , there appears to be good demand for top-quality , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION('The -LCB- Tennessee Valley Authority -RCB- sale is any guide .','There appears to be good demand for top-quality , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Resolution Funding Corp. , known as Refcorp , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled savings and loan associations , will hold its first bond auction Wednesday , when it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Refcorp is a division of a new government agency .','A new government agency was created to bail out the nation 's troubled savings and loan associations .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Resolution Funding Corp. will hold its first bond auction Wednesday .','Resolution Funding Corp. is known as Refcorp .' ), 'It will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds .'))

Input: Most bond prices fell on concerns about this week 's new supply and disappointment that stock prices did n't stage a sharp decline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was about this week 's new supply .','This was about disappointment .' ), 'Most bond prices fell on concerns .' ), ', Stock prices did n't stage a sharp decline .')

Input: Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1\/4 point , or about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1\/4 point .','Treasury bonds ended with about $ 2.50 .'))

Input: However , despite the big new-issue calendar , many junk bond investors and analysts are skeptical the deals will get done .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite the big new-issue calendar .','Many junk bond investors and analysts are skeptical the deals will get done .'))

Input: And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western 's $ 475 million junk bond offering .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The spokesman said the issue was sold out and met with strong interest abroad , particularly from Japanese investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the spokesman said .','The issue was sold out .' ), 'The spokesman met with strong interest abroad , particularly from Japanese investors .')

Input: In the secondary , or resale , market , junk bonds closed 1\/2 point higher , while investment-grade corporate bonds fell 1\/8 to 1\/4 point .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the secondary , or resale , market .','Junk bonds closed 1\/2 point higher .' ), 'Investment-grade corporate bonds fell 1\/8 to 1\/4 point .')

Input: Sotheby 's provided the Dorrance family a guarantee of at least $ 100 million , and as much as $ 120 million , to obtain the collection , people familiar with the transaction said , thus taking a greater than usual financial interest in the property to be sold .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Sotheby 's provided the Dorrance family a guarantee of at least $ 100 million .',', Sotheby 's provided the Dorrance family as much as $ 120 million .' ), 'This was what people familiar with the transaction said , thus taking a greater than usual financial interest in the property to be sold .' ), 'This was to obtain the collection .')

Input: The Dorrance estate , auctioned off in a series of sales held over four days , included porcelains , furniture and paintings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Dorrance estate included porcelains , furniture and paintings .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Dorrance estate was auctioned off in a series of sales .',', Sales were held over four days .'))

Input: The Better Business Bureau of San Diego and the state Attorney General 's office entered into a settlement stemming from an investigation of bureau-sponsored business directories published by an outside firm , Better Book Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Better Book Inc was an outside firm .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Better Business Bureau of San Diego and the state Attorney General 's office entered into a settlement .', SUB/ELABORATION('A settlement was stemming from an investigation of bureau-sponsored business directories .','Bureau-sponsored business directories were published by an outside firm .')))

Input: The Attorney General 's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry California businesspeople that they were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project contracted by Better Book .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was by angry California businesspeople .','The Attorney General 's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges .' )SUB/ELABORATION('They were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project .','A bureau-sponsored directory project was contracted by Better Book .'))

Input: Further , McCaw said the banks expressed confidence that the balance of the $ 4.5 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what McCaw said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the banks expressed confidence .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks .','The balance of the $ 4.5 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks .')))

Input: McCaw is offering to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each in cash , which would result in McCaw owning 50.3 % of the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for $ 125 each .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in cash .','McCaw is offering to buy 22 million shares of LIN .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Cash would result in McCaw .','McCaw is owning 50.3 % of the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern .')))

Input: Foreigners involved in prostitution will be punished according to the law , and those with sexually transmitted diseases will be expelled from the country , according to the regulations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Foreigners involved in prostitution will be punished according to the law .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the regulations .','Those with sexually transmitted diseases will be expelled from the country .'))

Input: The Communists nearly succeeded in eliminating prostitution after taking over in 1949 , but the practice has returned in recent years with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Communists nearly succeeded in eliminating prostitution after taking over in 1949 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world .','The practice has returned in recent years .'))

Input: Japan agreed to enforce a decision by an international wildlife conference to ban all trade in ivory , a spokesman for the Ministry of International Trade and Industry said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by an international wildlife conference .','Japan agreed to enforce a decision to ban all trade in ivory .' ), 'This was what a spokesman for the Ministry of International Trade and Industry said .')

Input: In some places the stonework is so damaged it shows signs of breaking off , scientists and technicians said in a report to Public Works Minister Giovanni Prandini .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Giovanni Prandini was Public Works Minister .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in some places .','The stonework is so damaged it shows signs of breaking off .' ), 'This was what scientists and technicians said in a report to Giovanni Prandini .'))

Input: Instead , many small and medium-sized banks , and some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is instead .', CO/LIST('Many small and medium-sized banks are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan .',', Some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan .' ), 'This was what japanese banking officials said .'))

Input: The plan , proposed by U.S. Secretary of State Nicholas Brady , calls for banks either to make new loans or to reduce the principle on existing loans or to cut the interest rate on those existing loans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nicholas Brady is U.S. Secretary of State .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on those existing loans .','The plan calls for banks either to make new loans or to reduce the principle on existing loans or to cut the interest rate .' ), 'The plan is proposed by Nicholas Brady .'))

Input: But an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations , further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an official at a long-term credit bank explained .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to other Third World nations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for loans .',', Some larger banks have already taken loss provisions .' ), 'Further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable .')))

Input: The Soviet newspaper Trud reported that Mickey Mouse will appear in a Russian-language comic book to be issued four times a year by Soviet publisher Fizkultura i Sport and Denmark 's Gutenberghus Group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trud was The Soviet newspaper .', SUB/ELABORATION('Fizkultura i Sport was times a year by Soviet publisher .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Trud reported .', SUB/PURPOSE('Mickey Mouse will appear in a Russian-language comic book .','This was to be issued four Fizkultura i Sport and Denmark 's Gutenberghus Group .'))))

Input: Ekco Group Inc. , Nashua , N.H. , expects to report that net income in the third quarter , ended Oct. 1 , fell 50 % to 60 % from $ 2.1 million , or 11 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Nashua was N.H. .','Ekco Group Inc. was Nashua .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Ekco Group Inc. expects to report that net income in the third quarter fell 50 % to 60 % from $ 2.1 million a year earlier .','Ekco Group Inc. expects to report that net income in the third quarter fell 50 % to 60 % from 11 cents a share , a year earlier .' ), 'Net income in the third quarter was ended Oct. 1 .'))

Input: Robert Stein , president and chief executive officer , attributed the expected decline partly to the effects of a two-week strike last month at the company 's Masillon , Ohio , bakeware facility .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Stein was president and chief executive officer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was partly to the effects of a two-week strike .','Robert Stein attributed the expected decline last month at the company 's Masillon , Ohio , bakeware facility .'))

Input: In the year-earlier fourth quarter , the company had profit of $ 2.7 million , or 15 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier fourth quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had profit of $ 2.7 million .','The company had profit of 15 cents a share .'))

Input: The year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's Woodstream Corp. unit , acquired last January , but include some Canadian operations that were sold at the end of 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's Woodstream Corp. unit .','The year-earlier periods acquired last January .', SUB/ELABORATION('The year-earlier periods include some Canadian operations .',', Some Canadian operations were sold at the end of 1988 .'))

Input: Mr. Stein said some retailers -- perhaps anxious about minimizing inventories -- appear to have held back on orders in September but have been ordering more heavily in October .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stein was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Stein said .', CO/CONTRAST(', Some retailers -- perhaps anxious about minimizing inventories -- appear to have held back on orders in September .',', Some retailers -- perhaps anxious about minimizing inventories -- have been ordering more heavily in October .')))

Input: Mr. Stein said Woodstream is marginally profitable but has n't performed as well as expected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stein was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Stein said .','Woodstream is marginally profitable .' ), ', Stein has n't performed as well as expected .'))

Input: Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are doing very well , and its plastic storage-case products are poised for growth , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Woodstream 's Victor-brand mousetraps and other pest-control products are doing very well .','Its plastic storage-case products are poised for growth .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: But the unit 's third segment , wildlife traps , is suffering from a depressed market , and Ekco is seeking to sell that segment , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The unit 's third segment was wildlife traps .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('But the unit 's third segment is suffering from a depressed market .','But Ekco is seeking to sell that segment .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Mr. Stein said tighter operating controls have enabled Ekco to reduce inventory levels 25 % to 30 % ; improve on-time delivery of orders to about 95 % from around 70 % ; and to lower the number of labor hours required to produce a unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stein was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Stein said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to about 95 % from around 70 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tighter operating controls have enabled Ekco to reduce inventory levels 25 % to 30 % ; improve on-time delivery of orders ; and to lower the number of labor hours .','Labor hours were required to produce a unit .'))))

Input: Ekco 's housewares operation makes kitchen tools and gadgets , as well as bakeware , at factories in the U.S. and Canada .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He indicated that Ekco may be interested in acquiring another company with revenue in the range of $ 75 million to $ 100 million , partly because mass merchandisers increasingly want to rely on larger , and fewer , suppliers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he indicated .', SUB/CAUSE('Ekco may be interested in acquiring another company with revenue in the range of $ 75 million to $ 100 million .','Mass merchandisers increasingly want to rely on larger , and fewer , suppliers .'))

Input: The imposition of austerity measures , starting last October , already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4 and subsequent events tugged the belt far tighter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The imposition of austerity measures already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4 tugged the belt far tighter .','The imposition of austerity measures already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on subsequent events tugged the belt far tighter .' ), 'The imposition of austerity measures was starting last October .')

Input: Foreign lending has been virtually suspended since then , choking liquidity and hobbling many projects .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Foreign lending has been virtually suspended since then .', CO/LIST('Foreign lending was choking liquidity .','Foreign lending was hobbling many projects .'))

Input: And Beijing has pulled back on domestic loans and subsidies , leaving many domestic buyers and export-oriented plants strapped for cash .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And Beijing has pulled back on domestic loans and subsidies .', CO/LIST('And Beijing was leaving many domestic buyers strapped for cash .','And Beijing was leaving export-oriented plants strapped for cash .'))

Input: Givaudan Far East Ltd. , a Swiss concern that sells chemicals to shampoo and soap factories in China , typifies the problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Givaudan Far East Ltd. is a Swiss concern .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to shampoo and soap factories in China .','A Swiss concern sells chemicals .' ), 'Givaudan Far East Ltd. typifies the problems .'))

Input: He predicts that sales will drop between 30 % and 40 % from last year 's $ 3 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He predicts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from last year 's $ 3 million .',', Sales will drop between 30 % and 40 % .'))

Input: The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures , and foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures .','The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing foreign companies such as Givaudan .' ), 'Deal with those industries are being hit the hardest .')

Input: The import pie will shrink , says John Kamm , first vice president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong and a China trade specialist .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 , when Beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 .', SUB/PURPOSE('Beijing imposed tough measures .','This was to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange .'))

Input: Import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in July .','This was in 7.1 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half .','Import growth from the year-earlier months slowed to 16 % .')))

Input: Both sectors of imports and exports look just as bad , says Masahiko Kitamura , general manager of Nissho Iwai 's Canton office .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Chinese trade officials .','Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls .' ), 'Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were urging them not to sever ties .')

Input: But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Foreign traders tried to do business .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , they discovered .','The eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen .'))

Input: There are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , he says .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are virtually no new projects .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('That means no new business for us .','This is what he says .'))

Input: Even when new lending resumes , foreign exchange would still be tight because Beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing , which has grown between 30 % and 40 % in the past few years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST('New lending resumes .', SUB/CAUSE('Foreign exchange would still be tight .','Beijing will likely try to rein in foreign borrowing .' ), 'Foreign borrowing has grown between 30 % and 40 % in the past few years .'))

Input: Another reason for the intensity of the trade problems is that Beijing has extended the current clampdown on imports beyond the usual target of consumer products to include steel , chemical fertilizers and plastics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Another reason for the intensity of the trade problems is .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was beyond the usual target of consumer products .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on imports .','Beijing has extended the current clampdown .' ), 'This was to include steel , chemical fertilizers and plastics .')))

Input: These have been among the country 's leading imports , particularly last year when there were shortages that led many traders to buy heavily and pay dearly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was particularly .','These have been among the country 's leading imports last year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('There were shortages .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Shortages led many traders .','This was to buy heavily and pay dearly .')))

Input: But Beijing ca n't cut back on such essential imports as raw materials for too long without hampering the country 's export business .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Commercial fishermen and fish processors filed suit in federal court in a claim that has ballooned to more than $ 104.8 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in federal court .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a claim .',', Commercial fishermen and fish processors filed suit .' ), 'A claim has ballooned to more than $ 104.8 million .'))

Input: Defendants include British Petroleum America ; Trinidad Corp. , the shipper ; and the pipeline liability fund .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trinidad Corp. is the shipper .', CO/LIST('Defendants include British Petroleum America .','Defendants include Trinidad Corp. .','Defendants include the pipeline liability fund .'))

Input: The fund was created by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act , which provides that the owner or operator of a vessel involved in an oil spill must pay the first $ 14 million in damages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The fund was created by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act provides .', SUB/ELABORATION('The owner or operator of a vessel must pay the first $ 14 million in damages .','A vessel is involved in an oil spill .')))

Input: But the Glacier Bay case , the fund 's first test , shows how easily the fund can be undermined .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Glacier Bay case was the fund 's first test .', SUB/ELABORATION('But the Glacier Bay case shows .','The fund can be undermined .'))

Input: It claims the Coast Guard failed to chart the rock and refuses to pay damages .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it claims .', CO/LIST('The Coast Guard failed to chart the rock .','The Coast Guard refuses to pay damages .'))

Input: The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- , a sponsor of the bill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with law firms .','RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs this fall .' ), 'RECENT LAW school graduates are heading back to class .')

Input: But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The building , which will handle child abuse , custody and foster care cases , will be less formal , less threatening and just basically less grim than most courthouses , says Edmund Edelman , chairman of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And there will be a nurse 's station and rooms for children to meet with social workers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This is for children .','This is to meet with social workers .' ), 'And there will be a nurse 's station and rooms .')

Input: The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating , and walls will be painted in bright colors and covered with murals .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating .', CO/LIST('Walls will be painted in bright colors .','Walls will be covered with murals .'))

Input: Its survey of 96 firms , each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Its survey of 96 firms were each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its survey of 96 firms shows .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in compensation and cash benefits .','Managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 .'))))

Input: Managing partners who responded to the survey typically spend over half their time supervising their firms ' day-to-day operations and just a little more than a third of their time practicing law .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Managing partners typically spend over half their time supervising their firms ' day-to-day operations .','Managing partners typically spend over half their time supervising just a little more than a third of their time practicing law .' ), 'Managing partners responded to the survey .')

Input: Chairman Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. , Miss . -RRB- of the House Appropriations Committee proposed a $ 2.85 billion emergency funding package to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jamie Whitten was Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was Miss .', SUB/PURPOSE('Jamie Whitten -LRB- D. -RRB- of the House Appropriations Committee proposed a $ 2.85 billion emergency funding package .','This was to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo .')))

Input: The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds and $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', CO/LIST('The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans .','The sweeping measure incorporates $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds .','The sweeping measure incorporates $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters .'))

Input: The panel is expected to add provisions waiving restrictions on the use of federal highway funds and may also shift money within the package to bolster the share for the Small Business Administration .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the use of federal highway funds .','The panel is expected to add provisions waiving restrictions .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is within the package to bolster the share for the Small Business Administration .','The panel may also shift money .'))

Input: We will support it , we will thank him , and we will augment it where appropriate , said Rep. Vic Fazio -LRB- D. , Calif . -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dubbed the Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance , the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('The measure is dubbed the Dire Emergency Supplemental .','This was to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance .' ), 'The measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments .')

Input: We are n't selling bonds right now , and I do n't think it will affect the value of our existing bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We are n't selling bonds right now .', SUB/ELABORATION('I do n't think .','It will affect the value of our existing bonds .'))

Input: Moody 's said it also lowered the ratings of $ 70 million of Pinnacle 's MeraBank thrift unit long-term deposits to B-3 from B-2 , and on its subordinated debt to Ca from Caa .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from B-2 , and on its subordinated debt to Ca from Caa .','This was to B-3 .' ), 'It also lowered the ratings of $ 70 million of Pinnacle 's MeraBank thrift unit long-term deposits .'))

Input: Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May , and will remain under review for downgrade , the agency said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May .',', Securities of MeraBank will remain under review for downgrade .' ), 'This was what the agency said .')

Input: Where '60s dropouts professed to scorn middle-class life and ambitious yuppies hoped to leave it far behind as they scaled the upper reaches of success , it now seems that so many people feel they 're slipping between the cracks , that middle-class life is viewed with nostalgia or outright longing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(','60s dropouts professed to scorn middle-class life and ambitious yuppies hoped to leave it far behind as they scaled the upper reaches of success .', SUB/ELABORATION('It now seems .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many people feel they 're slipping between the cracks .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Middle-class life is viewed with nostalgia .','Middle-class life is viewed with outright longing .'))))

Input: Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt , 33 and 39 respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt are 33 and 39 .', CO/LIST('Nora Worth live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood .','Malcolm DeWitt respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood .'))

Input: Nora , who still has artistic aspirations , knows she is lucky to be working as a food stylist , prepping pies , burgers , frosty cold drinks and other comestibles to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Nora knows .', CO/LIST(', She is lucky to be working as a food stylist to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera .',', She is lucky to be working as prepping pies to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera .',', She is lucky to be working as burgers to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera .',', She is lucky to be working as frosty cold drinks to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera .',', She is lucky to be working as other comestibles to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera .' ), 'Nora still has artistic aspirations .'))

Input: After all , she reasons , there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was from cooking schools in France .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after all .',', She reasons , there were housewives with Nikons and degrees .' ), ', Cooking schools in France would kill for her job .'))

Input: But Nora and Malcolm feel trapped .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's a downbeat , thirtysomething world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A downbeat was thirtysomething world .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's a downbeat in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work but that they know they should be grateful to do .','Free-lance , semi-professional work brings little satisfaction or security .'))

Input: In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Malcolm was placid , middle-class security .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in novels of an earlier vintage .','David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm .'))

Input: The irony in this novel is that neither man represents a safe middle-class haven : Nora 's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security , with no firm economic base anywhere .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The irony in this novel is .','Neither man represents a safe middle-class haven .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with no firm economic base anywhere .', CO/LIST('Nora 's decision is between emotional excitement .','Nora 's decision is between emotional security .')))

Input: In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation , Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zeidner was Ms. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation .','Zeidner was making Malcolm and Nora .' ), 'Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters .'))

Input: Mr. Garber manages to invest this tale of financial wars with the colorful characters and fast-paced action of a suspense novel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garber is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the colorful characters and fast-paced action of a suspense novel .','Garber manages to invest this tale of financial wars .'))

Input: Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians , snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author 's perceptions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yet the heavy-handedness of the satire also can be effective in a book like this : If the head of AIW were not portrayed as an utterly contemptible , malicious dolt , we would not much care whether his schemes were defeated , and would not be so diverted in the process .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Yet the heavy-handedness of the satire also can be effective in a book like this .', SUB/CONDITION('The head of AIW were not portrayed as an utterly contemptible , malicious dolt .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('We would not much care .','His schemes were defeated .' ), 'We would not be so diverted in the process .')))

Input: Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan , not everyone here is ready to give up .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Japan .','Major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business .' ), 'Not everyone here is ready to give up .')

Input: Photonics Technology Inc. of Northwood , Ohio , aims to use a new form of plasma technology to put movie-quality images on a TV display that is 40 inches in diameter but only a few inches thick .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on a TV display .','Photonics Technology Inc. of Northwood , Ohio , aims to use a new form of plasma technology to put movie-quality images .' ), 'A TV display is 40 inches in diameter but only a few inches thick .')

Input: Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh were two other firms .', SUB/ELABORATION('Two other firms are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens .','The flat-panel screens were called active-matrix liquid crystal displays .'))

Input: Replacing the cathode-ray tube with a large , thin screen is the key to the creation of a high-definition television , or HDTV , which is expected to become a $ 30 billion business world-wide within a decade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a large , thin screen .','Replacing the cathode-ray tube is the key to the creation of a high-definition television , or HDTV .' ), 'HDTV is expected to become a $ 30 billion business world-wide within a decade .')

Input: But except for Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , which is collaborating with Toshiba on computer displays , they are poorly positioned to exploit advances in large panels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But except for Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , they are poorly positioned to exploit advances in large panels .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on computer displays .','Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. is collaborating with Toshiba .'))

Input: The panels are like oversized semiconductors surfaced with a million or more picture elements , each contributing to the color and tone of a TV image .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He has a claim to the right to commercialize the Westinghouse patents , but he contends that those patents are being infringed by a number of Japanese producers .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He has a claim to the right to commercialize the Westinghouse patents .', SUB/ELABORATION('He contends .','Those patents are being infringed by a number of Japanese producers .'))

Input: It is n't just yuppie television , argues Jack Clifford , director of the department 's office of microelectronics and instrumentation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The industry will create industrial products such as displays for work stations and medical diagnostic equipment before it acquires a mass consumer market .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(CO/LIST('The industry will create industrial products such as displays for work stations .','The industry will create industrial products such as displays for medical diagnostic equipment .' ), 'It acquires a mass consumer market .')

Input: They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers , including Matsushita , Hitachi , and Toshiba , to exempt portable color TVs with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including Matsushita , Hitachi , and Toshiba .', SUB/PURPOSE('They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers .','This was to exempt portable color TVs that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs .')))

Input: And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea , while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Hurd is Planar President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what James Hurd says .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Japan and South Korea .', CO/CONTRAST('He has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels .','Panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free .'))))

Input: This is n't a technology issue , but an attitude issue , he says .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('This is n't a technology issue .', SUB/ELABORATION('An attitude issue is he .','An attitude issue says .'))

Input: Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil and specialty-chemicals marketing concern , said SHV Holdings N.V. has built up a 7.5 % stake in the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Burmah Oil PLC was a British independent oil .','Burmah Oil PLC was specialty-chemicals marketing concern .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Burmah Oil PLC said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the company .',', SHV Holdings N.V. has built up a 7.5 % stake .')))

Input: Vision Banc was placed in government conservatorship in March , and it operates under the control of the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell or liquidate insolvent thrifts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Arizona Instrument Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with net income of $ 214,000 , a year earlier .','This was compared with 10 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 .','It expects to post a third-quarter net loss of 25 cents to 27 cents a share .')))

Input: For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on revenue of $ 6.5 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 .','The company expects to post a net loss of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .')))

Input: A year earlier , it had a loss of $ 199,203 or nine cents a share , on revenue of $ 7.6 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 7.6 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It had a loss of $ 199,203 .','It had nine cents a share .')))

Input: At least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least .','That 's a theme .' ), 'A theme is emerging among many money managers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Many money managers are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains and to catch the next wave of above-average performers .','They have already achieved this year the handsome stock-market gains .'))

Input: Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris or medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores , but their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year , money managers say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris or medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores .','Their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year .' ), 'This is what money managers say .')

Input: Growth stocks also are attractive in periods of market volatility , which many investors and analysts expect in the weeks ahead as everybody tries to discern where the economy is heading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Growth stocks also are attractive in periods of market volatility .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many investors and analysts expect in the weeks .','Ahead as everybody tries to discern where the economy is heading market volatility .'))

Input: This kind of jumpy uncertainty reminds John Calverley , senior economist for American Express Bank , of the 1969-72 period , when the industrial average rolled through huge ranges and investors flocked to the shares of companies with proven earnings records , which became known as the nifty 50 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He also thinks foreign investors , who are showing signs of more discriminate investing , will join the pursuit and pump up prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he thinks .', CO/LIST('Foreign investors will join the pursuit .','Foreign investors will pump up prices .' ), 'Foreign investors are showing signs of more discriminate investing .'))

Input: Mr. Sloan praises the company as recession resistant and notes that it has an annual earnings growth rate of 32 % a year over the past five years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sloan is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as recession resistant .',', Sloan praises the company .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Sloan notes .','It has an annual earnings growth rate of 32 % a year over the past five years .')))

Input: He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris , PepsiCo , CPC International , Reebok International , and Limited Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as Philip Morris .','This is as PepsiCo .','This is as CPC International .','This is as Reebok International .','This is as Limited Inc .' ), 'He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts .')

Input: Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the expense of those .',', Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks .' ), 'Those rise and fall along with the economic cycle .')

Input: James Wright , chief investment officer for Banc One Asset Management , says , We 've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies and buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Wright was chief investment officer for Banc One Asset Management .', CO/LIST('James Wright says , We 've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies .','James Wright says , We 've been buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks .'))

Input: He is putting money in Dress Barn , Circuit City Stores , Bruno 's , and Rubbermaid .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is in Dress Barn .','This is in Circuit City Stores .','This is in Bruno 's .','This is in Rubbermaid .' ), 'He is putting money .')

Input: He cites IBM , which reported a 30 % earnings decline in the third quarter , and which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He cites IBM .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .','IBM reported a 30 % earnings decline .' ), 'Which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares .'))

Input: But not all strategists or money managers are ready to throw in the towel completely on cyclicals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was due to the October expiration of stock-index futures and options .','This was due to options on individual stocks .' ), 'Traders anticipated a volatile session .')

Input: But block trading desks and money managers made a concerted effort to meet the imbalances with stock to sell , one trader said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE('But block trading desks and money managers made a concerted effort .','This was to meet the imbalances with stock to sell .' ), 'This was what one trader said .')

Input: As a result , the Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the final hour of trading .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .','The Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .','The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 .')))

Input: For the week , the industrial average gained 119.88 points , or 4.7 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 50 % rebound from the 190.58 point loss the industrial average logged Oct. 13 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the 190.58 point loss the industrial average .','The industrial average was logged Oct. 13 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the week .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The industrial average gained 119.88 points .','The industrial average gained 4.7 % , the biggest weekly point advance ever and a better than 50 % rebound .')))

Input: Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 347.16 .',', Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 .' ), 'The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 .')

Input: Most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on Monday , when the average rose 88.12 points as market players snapped up blue-chip issues and shunned the broad market .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on Monday .', SUB/ELABORATION('The average rose .', CO/LIST('Market players snapped up blue-chip issues .','Market players shunned the broad market .')))

Input: Paper and forest-products stocks declined after Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. lowered investment ratings on a number of issues in the two sectors , based on a forecast that pulp prices will fall sharply .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a number of issues .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the two sectors .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on a forecast .','Pulp prices will fall sharply .' ), 'Paper and forest-products stocks declined after Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. lowered investment ratings .')))

Input: Lamson & Sessions , which posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings and forecast that results for the fourth quarter might be near break-even , fell 1\/2 to 9 1\/4 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lamson & Sessions fell 1\/2 to 91\/4 .', CO/LIST('Lamson & Sessions posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lamson & Sessions forecast .','Results for the fourth quarter might be near break-even .')))

Input: The company said it will use the proceeds of the offering for debt reduction and general corporate purposes , including acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including acquisitions .', CO/LIST('It will use the proceeds of the offering for debt reduction .','It will use the proceeds of the offering for general corporate purposes .')))

Input: The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : $ 15.6 billion three-month and six-month bills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Treasury was U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report .','The following Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week : $ 15.6 billion three-month and six-month bills .'))

Input: City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii -- $ 75 million of obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , via competitive bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Michigan -- $ 80 million of Michigan First general bonds , including $ 70 million of environmental protection project bonds and $ 10 million of recreation project bonds , via a Shearson Lehman Hutton group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: San Antonio , Texas -- $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: MCI COMMUNICATIONS Corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Securities and Exchange Commission .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities .','It filed a shelf registration .'))))

Input: It said then it had had and would continue to have discussions with Anacomp 's management concerning its investment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said then .', CO/LIST('It had had .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with Anacomp 's management .','It would continue to have discussions concerning its investment .')))

Input: The life-insurance holding company said the sale would result in an after-tax gain of about $ 32 million , or $ 3.09 a share , in the first quarter of
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the life-insurance holding company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the first quarter of .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The sale would result in an after-tax gain of about $ 32 million .','The sale would result in an after-tax gain of $ 3.09 a share .')))

Input: In the first quarter of 1988 , the company earned $ 10 million , or 94 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first quarter of 1988 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 10 million .','The company earned 94 cents a share .'))

Input: Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CP_START CP CC CP CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: A shareholder filed suit , seeking to block Unitel Video Inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held Kenmare Capital Corp. for $ 15 a share , or $ 33.6 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A shareholder filed suit .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A shareholder was seeking to block Unitel Video Inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held Kenmare Capital Corp. for $ 15 a share .','A shareholder was seeking to block Unitel Video Inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held Kenmare Capital Corp. for $ 33.6 million .'))

Input: Comair said it paid cash but declined to disclose the price .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Comair said .', CO/CONTRAST('It paid cash .','It declined to disclose the price .'))

Input: The unit will be renamed Comair Aviation Academy and will continue to be headed by Scott Williams , a son of its founder , Comair said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Scott Williams was a son of its founder .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The unit will be renamed Comair Aviation Academy .','The unit will continue to be headed by Scott Williams .' ), 'This was what Comair said .'))

Input: The short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on a fundamental basis .','The short answer is .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Airline analysts say .','The stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share .'))

Input: So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION(', So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization .',', So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as takeover .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is about the likelihood of such an event .',', So anyone buying the stock must do so using some guesswork .'))

Input: One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid in the $ 225 area , but that it could take three to four months to close .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one analyst said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .','That the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid in the $ 225 area , but that it could take three to four months to close .' ), 'One analyst asked not to be identified .'))

Input: Other observers note that UAL 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and lets things return to normal .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what other observers note .', SUB/CONDITION('UAL 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- .', SUB/ELABORATION('It means .', CO/LIST('The management goes back to running the company for a while .','The management lets things return to normal .'))))

Input: Investment bankers following UAL agree that the strongest impetus for an eventual deal is that the pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years , and are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what investment bankers following UAL agree .', SUB/ELABORATION('The strongest impetus for an eventual deal is .', CO/LIST('The pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years .','The pilots were having come so close to success .' ), 'Investment bankers following UAL are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success .')))

Input: The pilots have a strong financing tool in their willingness to cut their annual compensation by $ 200 million , and to commit $ 200 million from their retirement funds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions .', SUB/PURPOSE('The pilots were using the proceeds .','This was to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking .'))

Input: But it is n't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it is n't clear .', SUB/PURPOSE('Banks would lend sufficient money .','This is to deliver a big enough price to shareholders .'))

Input: Using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of scenarios , First Boston estimated UAL 's value at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under a variety of scenarios .','First Boston was using estimates of the company 's future earnings .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike .','First Boston estimated UAL 's value .'))

Input: And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('And First Boston was using liquidation value .','And First Boston was assuming the sale of all UAL assets .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First Boston estimated .','The airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share .'))

Input: American Airlines parent AMR and USAir Group , both subject to takeover efforts themselves , have each warned of declining results .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('AMR was American Airlines parent .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('AMR were both subject to takeover efforts themselves .','USAir Group were both subject to takeover efforts themselves .' )CO/LIST('AMR have each warned of declining results .','USAir Group have each warned of declining results .')))

Input: Wall Street traders and analysts estimate that takeover stock traders own UAL stock and options equal to as many as 6.5 million shares , or about 30 % of the total outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Wall Street traders and analysts estimate .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Takeover stock traders own UAL stock and options equal to as many as 6.5 million shares outstanding .','Takeover stock traders own UAL stock and options equal to about 30 % of the total outstanding .'))

Input: Eastern Enterprises , bolstered by improved tonnages in its marine-shipping unit , had a narrower third-quarter net loss of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Eastern Enterprises had a narrower third-quarter net loss of $ 1.1 million .','Eastern Enterprises had a narrower third-quarter net loss of five cents a share .' ), 'Eastern Enterprises were bolstered by improved tonnages in its marine-shipping unit .')

Input: The Weston , Mass. , utilities and marine-transport concern said results for the third quarter , usually a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales and the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Weston , Mass. , utilities and marine-transport concern said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', CO/LIST('Results for the third quarter a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales .','Results for the third quarter a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company .')))

Input: For the nine months , Eastern had net income of $ 41.8 million , or $ 1.80 a share , up 23 % from $ 33.9 million or $ 1.46 a share a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 23 % from $ 33.9 million or $ 1.46 a share a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Eastern had net income of $ 41.8 million .','Eastern had net income of $ 1.80 a share .')))

Input: Convex Computer Corp. , continuing its rapid growth while other computer companies falter , reported an 87 % increase in third-quarter net income from a year earlier and a 50 % increase in revenue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in third-quarter net income from a year earlier .','This was in a 50 % increase in revenue .' ), ', Convex Computer Corp. reported an 87 % increase .' )CO/CONTRAST(', Convex Computer Corp. was continuing its rapid growth .','Other computer companies falter .'))

Input: Net was $ 3.1 million , or 16 cents a share , up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 3.1 million .','Net was 16 cents a share .'))

Input: For the nine months , net was $ 7.7 million , or 41 cents a share , up 97 % from $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 97 % from $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 7.7 million .','Net was 41 cents a share .')))

Input: Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $ 2 million and has an installed base of more than 550 systems and 340 customers world-wide .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Convex makes supercomputers .', CO/LIST(', Supercomputers sell for up to $ 2 million .', CO/LIST(', Supercomputers has an installed base of more than 550 systems world-wide .',', Supercomputers has an installed base of 340 customers world-wide .')))

Input: The new products allow customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers , which opens up a phenomenal market for us , said Robert J. Paluck , Convex 's chairman , president and chief executive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Posix is one of three or four versions of UNIX , but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Posix is one of three .','Posix is four versions of UNIX .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It is increasingly required by the federal government .','It tries to standardize its computer systems .'))

Input: Troubled Saatchi & Saatchi Co. has attracted offers for some of its advertising units , with potential suitors including Interpublic Group , but has rejected them , people familiar with the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for some of its advertising units .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with potential suitors including Interpublic Group .','Troubled Saatchi & Saatchi Co. has attracted offers .' ), 'Troubled Saatchi & Saatchi Co. has rejected them .' ), 'This was what people familiar with the company said .'))

Input: More recently , Interpublic inquired about one of Saatchi 's smaller communications companies -- identified as the Rowland public relations firm by several industry executives -- but again was rebuffed , they said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the spokesman confirmed that Saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the spokesman confirmed .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units .',', Saatchi has received several inquiries .'))

Input: Takeover speculation has been rife , its consulting business is on the block , and its largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , has said it 's been approached by third parties regarding a possible restructuring .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Takeover speculation has been rife .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its largest shareholder was Southeastern Asset Management .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what its largest shareholder has said .','It 's been approached by third parties regarding a possible restructuring .')))

Input: Analysts have continually lowered their earnings estimates for the company , and their outlook , at least for the short term , is bleak .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the company .','Analysts have continually lowered their earnings estimates .' ), 'Their outlook , at least for the short term , is bleak .')

Input: It rebuffed an offer by Carl Spielvogel , head of Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates unit , to lead a management buy-out of all or part of Saatchi .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carl Spielvogel was head of Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates unit .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Carl Spielvogel .','It rebuffed an offer .' ), 'This was to lead a management buy-out of all or part of Saatchi .'))

Input: And last week , people close to Saatchi said Maurice Saatchi and his brother , Charles , would lead a buy-out if a hostile bid emerged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Charles was his brother .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what people said .', SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('Maurice Saatchi would lead a buy-out .','His brother would lead a buy-out .' ), 'A hostile bid emerged .')))

Input: Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network : It has billings of about $ 850 million and blue-chip clients including General Mills , Jeep\/Eagle and Dow Brands .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network .', CO/LIST('It has billings of about $ 850 million .','It has blue-chip clients including General Mills , Jeep\/Eagle and Dow Brands .'))

Input: Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said he might sell a marginal agency or office .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Louis-Dreyfus was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said .','He might sell a marginal agency or office .'))

Input: A spokesman for the insurance and financial services firm , based in Newark , N.J. , said it hopes to make a decision within three to four months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for the insurance and financial services firm , based in Newark , N.J. , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is within three to four months .','It hopes to make a decision .'))

Input: The agency declined comment , but said it will continue work until a new agency is chosen .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The agency declined comment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the agency said .', SUB/CONDITION('It will continue work .','A new agency is chosen .')))

Input: John Wells , 47 , former president and chief executive of N W Ayer 's Chicago office , was named management director and director of account services at WPP Group 's J. Walter Thompson agency in Chicago ... .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Wells was 47 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at WPP Group 's J. Walter Thompson agency .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Chicago .','John Wells former president and chief executive of N W Ayer 's Chicago office , was named management director and director of account services ... .')))

Input: Shelly Lazarus , 42 , was named president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct , the direct mail division of WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shelly Lazarus was 42 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ogilvy & Mather Direct was the direct mail division of WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency .',', Shelly Lazarus was named president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct .'))

Input: Grand Metropolitan PLC , the United Kingdom food and beverage group that owns Pillsbury Inc. of the U.S. , announced a reshuffling of board-level executive duties intended to fit the company 's recent expansion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Grand Metropolitan PLC was the United Kingdom food and beverage group .','The United Kingdom food and beverage group owns Pillsbury Inc. of the U.S. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Grand Metropolitan PLC announced a reshuffling of board-level executive duties .','Board-level executive duties were intended to fit the company 's recent expansion .'))

Input: David Tagg , formerly in charge of gambling operations , was appointed chief executive for retailing and property .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for retailing and property .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was formerly in charge of gambling operations .','David Tagg was appointed chief executive .'))

Input: Peter Cawdron , group strategy development director , and Bill Shardlow , group personnel director , will become part of the board 's management committee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Peter Cawdron are group personnel director .','Group strategy development director are group personnel director .','Bill Shardlow are group personnel director .' )CO/LIST('Peter Cawdron will become part of the board 's management committee .','Group strategy development director will become part of the board 's management committee .','Bill Shardlow will become part of the board 's management committee .'))

Input: Readers of these columns -LRB- The Science Police , May 15 -RRB- will recall that Dr. Baltimore was merely the most well-known part of the Dingell committee 's larger investigation , which touched MIT , Tufts , Duke , the National Institutes of Health and elsewhere .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Baltimore was Dr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Readers of these columns -LRB- The Science Police , May 15 -RRB- will recall .','Baltimore was merely the most well-known part of the Dingell committee 's larger investigation .' ), 'The Dingell committee 's larger investigation touched MIT , Tufts , Duke , the National Institutes of Health and elsewhere .'))

Input: NASA defended itself vigorously and successfully against a Rifkin suit to block the Galileo launch .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When a David Baltimore -- or the next target -- decides it is better to stand up to these forces , his fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake , and offer their public support .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A David Baltimore -- or the next target -- decides .','It is better to stand up to these forces .' ), 'His fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake , and offer their public support .')

Input: A company official said Arthur Borie , until January chief operating officer of Pic 'N Save Inc. , will buy a 20 % stake in the new Wisconsin Toy subsidiary , and will act as head of Everything 's a Dollar .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a company official said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is until January chief operating officer of Pic 'N Save Inc. .','Arthur Borie will buy a 20 % stake in the new Wisconsin Toy subsidiary .' ), 'A company official will act as head of Everything 's a Dollar .'))

Input: Whether Mr. McInnes 's oversight is merely a sign of a mainlander 's benign neglect is a question my fellow Channel Islanders -LRB- and friends on the Isle of Man -RRB- will continue to ponder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McInnes is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Whether McInnes 's oversight is merely a sign of a mainlander 's benign neglect is a question .','My fellow Channel Islanders -LRB- and friends on the Isle of Man -RRB- will continue to ponder a question .'))

Input: But what about all those non-duck ducks flapping over Washington ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: We see a whole flock of programs that will impose significant costs on the American economy in the form of burdensome regulation and higher liabilities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We see a whole flock of programs .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is on the American economy in the form of burdensome regulation .','This is on the American economy in the form of higher liabilities .' ), 'Programs will impose significant costs .'))

Input: The President came up with a good bill , but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature hatched on Capitol Hill .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The President came up with a good bill .', SUB/ELABORATION('The President now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature .','The awful bureaucratic creature was hatched on Capitol Hill .'))

Input: They 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('They 'd determine .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is during the day .','Parents could store their kids .' ), 'They 'd regulate the storage facilities .'))

Input: The administration claims that its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 14 billion and $ 19 billion annually , but economist Michael Evans estimates that the costs for firms will actually be in the $ 60 billion a year range .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the administration claims .','Its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 14 billion and $ 19 billion annually .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Evans is Economist .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Michael Evans estimates .','The costs for firms will actually be in the $ 60 billion a year range .')))

Input: All this was recognized and documented in the succeeding years by economists , some of whom worked in the Reagan administration to lift this burden from the American people , states and local governments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by economists , some of whom worked in the Reagan administration to lift this burden from the American people .','This was by economists , some of whom worked in the Reagan administration to lift this burden from states .','This was by economists , some of whom worked in the Reagan administration to lift this burden from local governments .' ), 'All this was recognized and documented in the succeeding years .')

Input: Then it turned up , and by one estimate the number will be up to about 109,000 regulators by next year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Then it turned up .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by one estimate .','The number will be up to about 109,000 regulators by next year .'))

Input: This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This has increased the risk of the government .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 16 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from their current 15 % level .','The government was being forced to increase base rates to defend the pound .' ), 'This is what economists and foreign exchange market analysts say .')))

Input: Forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 2 billion -LRB- $ 3.2 billion -RRB- deficit in the current account reported for August .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Forecasts for the trade figures range widely .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the # 2 billion -LRB- $ 3.2 billion -RRB- deficit in the current account .','The current account was reported for August .' ), 'Few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement .'))

Input: At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows .','He remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports .'))

Input: The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The figures show .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the second quarter .',', Spending rose 0.1 % .' ), ', Spending was up 3.8 % from a year ago .')))

Input: Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy is still quite strong , but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Dillow was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dillow said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The data show .','The economy is still quite strong .' ), ', Suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises .')))

Input: Certainly , the chancellor has made it clear that he is prepared to increase interest rates again if necessary to both ensure that a substantial slowdown does take place and that sterling does n't decline further .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was certainly .','The chancellor has made it clear .' ), 'He is prepared to increase interest rates again if necessary to both ensure that a substantial slowdown does take place and that sterling does n't decline further .')

Input: In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from $ 1.5940 .','This was from 2.9429 marks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in European trading .', CO/LIST('It declined to $ 1.5890 late Thursday .','It declined to 2.9495 marks late Thursday .')))

Input: Economists suggested that if the pound falls much below 2.90 marks , the government will be forced to increase rates to 16 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Economists suggested .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is below 2.90 marks .','The pound falls much .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 16 % , both to halt any further decline and ensure that the balance of monetary policy remains unchanged .','The government will be forced to increase rates .')))

Input: Both Westwood Brick and Westwood Group are based in Boston .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Freight rates , declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation , are bottoming out , turning upward and threatening to fuel inflation .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Freight rates are bottoming out .','Freight rates are declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Freight rates are turning upward .','Freight rates are declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Freight rates are threatening to fuel inflation .','Freight rates are declining for most of the decade because of competition spurred by deregulation .'))

Input: Trucking , shipping and air-freight companies have announced rate increases , scheduled for this fall or early next year , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand for freight transport .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Trucking , shipping and air-freight companies have announced rate increases .','Rate increases were scheduled for this fall or early next year .' )CO/LIST('Rate increases were reflecting higher costs .','Rate increases were reflecting tightened demand for freight transport .'))

Input: Shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said they expect their freight-transport , storage and distribution costs to rise about 4 % this year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said .', SUB/PURPOSE('They expect their freight-transport , storage and distribution costs .','This is to rise about 4 % this year .'))

Input: This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The deregulation of railroads and trucking companies that began in 1980 enabled shippers to bargain for transportation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to bargain .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for transportation .','The deregulation of railroads and trucking companies enabled shippers .' ), 'The deregulation of railroads and trucking companies began in 1980 .'))

Input: There 's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck , said Gerard McCullough , lecturer in transportation at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('And shippers are getting the feeling .', SUB/ELABORATION('They have played one trucker off against another as much .','They can .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: And Japan Air Lines said it plans to boost its rates a further 25 % over the next two years .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Japan Air Lines said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is over the next two years .','It plans to boost its rates a further 25 % .'))

Input: Such rate increases will increase the total cost of U.S. products and slow down the rate of increase of U.S. exports , said Richard Connors , a senior vice president of Yusen Air & Sea Service U.S.A. Inc. , the U.S. air-freight-forwarding subsidiary of Nippon Yusen Kaisha of Japan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe .',', Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % last September .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to earlier levels .',', Carriers were hoping to partly restore rates .'))

Input: MGM Grand Inc. said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of six million common shares .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MGM Grand Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Securities and Exchange Commission .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a public offering of six million common shares .','It filed a registration statement .')))

Input: Proceeds from the sale will be used for remodeling and refurbishing projects , as well as for the planned MGM Grand hotel\/casino and theme park .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : Go ahead and tell us what happened .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the three members of the court .','The chairman of the panel said : Go ahead and tell us what happened .' ), 'The court was introduced themselves .')

Input: We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('We may ask questions .','You go along .' ), 'We may wait until the end .')

Input: The only extra people were a couple of personnel specialists , one of whom knew Mr. Stone 's case intimately and would help fill in any facts needed to give the court the full picture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stone was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The only extra people were a couple of personnel specialists , one of whom knew Stone 's case intimately and would help fill in any facts .','Any facts were needed to give the court the full picture .'))

Input: When he was through , the court members asked many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('He was through .','The court members asked many questions .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the chairman said .','They would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses .'))

Input: The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just MAC , and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('The court is called the Management Appeals Committee .','The court is called just MAC .' ), 'It is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year .')

Input: It reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and ex-employees , with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with all .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from disgruntled employees and ex-employees .','It reduces lawsuits .' )CO/LIST('All means for reduced legal costs .','All means for better public relations .')))

Input: It increases employee commitment to the company , with all that means for efficiency and quality control .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with all .','It increases employee commitment .' ), 'All means for efficiency and quality control .'))

Input: It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It must be able to handle most of the complaints , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by managers .','This was by their subordinates .' ), 'The complaints can not be solved in the trenches .'))

Input: 3 . Decide whether you want a panel system or a single adjudicator .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and , for the panelists , mutual support .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the panelists .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as high credibility .','This is as mutual support .' ), 'A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages .'))

Input: An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder and then switches hats and arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed , flexibility and maximum privacy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator -- has such advantages as speed .','An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator -- has such advantages as flexibility .','An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator -- has such advantages as maximum privacy .' )CO/LIST('An investigator acts first as a fact-finder .', CO/LIST('An investigator then switches hats .','An investigator then arbitrates the facts .')))

Input: On the other hand , they make sure at a minimum that their systems are described in their employee handbooks and talked up by personnel specialists .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the other hand .','They make sure at a minimum .' )CO/LIST('Their systems are described in their employee handbooks .','Their systems talked up by personnel specialists .'))

Input: Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Smith-Kline Beecham goes further .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in closed-circuit TV programs .',', Smith-Kline Beecham sometimes features its grievance procedure .'))

Input: Mr. Ewing is a consultant based in Winchester , Mass. , and author of Justice on the Job : Resolving Grievances in the Nonunion Workplace -LRB- Harvard Business School Press , 1989 -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ewing was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Harvard Business School Press was 1989 .','Ewing is a consultant based in Winchester , Mass. , and author of Justice on the Job : Resolving Grievances in the Nonunion Workplace -LRB- Harvard Business School Press -RRB- .'))

Input: The Tokyo Stock Price Index -LRB- Topix -RRB- of all issues listed in the First Section , which gained 22.78 points Thursday , was up 14.06 points , or 0.53 % , at 2679.72 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Tokyo Stock Price Index -LRB- Topix -RRB- of all issues was up 14.06 points at 2679.72 .','The Tokyo Stock Price Index -LRB- Topix -RRB- of all issues was up 0.53 % , at 2679.72 .' ), 'All issues were listed in the First Section .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Tokyo Stock Price Index -LRB- Topix -RRB- of all issues gained 22.78 points Thursday .','All issues were listed in the First Section .'))

Input: The Second Section index , which rose 15.72 points Thursday , was up 11.88 points , or 0.32 % , to close at 3717.46 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Second Section index was up 11.88 points to close at 3717.46 .','The Second Section index was up 0.32 % , to close at 3717.46 .' ), 'The Second Section index rose 15.72 points Thursday .')

Input: Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings .','Investors because of their land property holdings could figure in development or other plans .' ), 'This was what traders said .')

Input: Sapporo gained 80 to 1,920 and Kirin added 60 to 2,070 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1,920 .',', Sapporo gained 80 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,070 .','Kirin added 60 .'))

Input: Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,120 .','Kajima advanced 40 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1,730 .','Ohbayashi added 50 .'))

Input: Fujisawa added 80 to 2,010 and Mochida advanced 230 to 4,400 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,010 .','Fujisawa added 80 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 4,400 .','Mochida advanced 230 .'))

Input: London was weak throughout Friday 's trading , however , on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend and this week 's potentially important U.K. trade figures for September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', CO/LIST('London was weak throughout Friday 's trading on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend .','London was weak throughout Friday 's trading on what dealers attributed to this week 's potentially important U.K. trade figures for September .'))

Input: Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', CO/LIST('The day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark .', SUB/ELABORATION('The day 's action fears .','Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday .')))

Input: Elsewhere in Europe , share prices closed higher in Stockholm , Brussels and Milan .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Stockholm , Brussels and Milan .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was elsewhere in Europe .',', Share prices closed higher .'))

Input: Prices were lower in Frankfurt , Zurich , Paris and Amsterdam .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Share prices closed higher in Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Manila , Hong Kong and Singapore and were lower in Seoul .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Manila , Hong Kong and Singapore .',', Share prices closed higher .' ), ', Share prices were lower in Seoul .')

Input: The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups .', CO/LIST('Handling coups were outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration .','Handling coups were outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Senate Intelligence Committee .'))

Input: No notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the U.S. did n't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega , but merely sought to imprison him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials said , apparently .', SUB/CAUSE('The U.S. did n't think the coup .', CO/CONTRAST('Plotters intended to kill Noriega .','Plotters merely sought to imprison him .'))))

Input: What 's more , both administration and congressional officials hint that the notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('What 's more , both administration hint .','What 's more , congressional officials hint .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts .', CO/LIST(', Coup attempts are being rewritten by the panel .',', Coup attempts are being rewritten by the White House .')))

Input: The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was a meeting between Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules .','The rewriting was launched at Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days .'))

Input: It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega and , more broadly , for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was more broadly .','This was over who is responsible for the failure to oust Noriega and for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad .' )CO/LIST('It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House .','It has reopened the bitter wrangling between Congress .')))

Input: But the chairman and other committee members stressed that the notification guideline was n't imposed on the White House by a meddling Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But the chairman stressed .','But other committee members stressed .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a meddling Congress .','The notification guideline was n't imposed on the White House .'))

Input: Instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about coup-planning in Panama that were initiated by the administration in July 1988 and stretched into last October .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Panama .','Instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about coup-planning .' )CO/LIST('Panama were initiated by the administration in July 1988 .','Panama were stretched into last October .'))

Input: The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in assassinations .','The longstanding presidential order was banning a U.S. role .'))

Input: In fact , yesterday the administration and Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .', CO/LIST('Yesterday the administration were still differing on what had been agreed to .','Yesterday Congress were still differing on what had been agreed to .'))

Input: Although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to hesitation and uncertainty on the part of U.S. intelligence and military operatives in Panama .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some administration officials argue .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was on the part of U.S. intelligence .','This was on military operatives in Panama .' ), 'It may have led to hesitation and uncertainty .')))

Input: In addition , both administration and congressional officials said the need for guidelines on coups and assassinations was partly spurred by a White House desire to avoid nasty overseas surprises during the election campaign .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what both administration and congressional officials said in addition .', SUB/PURPOSE('The need for guidelines on coups and assassinations was partly spurred by a White House desire .','This was to avoid nasty overseas surprises during the election campaign .'))

Input: Nevertheless , the administration 's criticisms appeared to have made some headway with Sens. Boren and Cohen after their Oct. 12 meeting with the president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boren was some headway with Sens. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after their Oct. 12 meeting with the president .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was nevertheless .','The administration 's criticisms appeared to have made Boren and Cohen .')))

Input: MUTUAL FUNDS ARRIVED IN THE U.S. during the Roaring Twenties -LRB- they had been in Britain for a century -RRB- , but they did n't boom until the money market fund was created in the 1970s .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the Roaring Twenties .','MUTUAL FUNDS ARRIVED IN THE U.S. -LRB- they had been in Britain for a century -RRB- .' )SUB/CONDITION('They did n't boom .','The money market fund was created in the 1970s .'))

Input: An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $ 1 price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','An early fund had filed a registration .' ), 'A registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission included a fixed $ 1 price .')

Input: When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share -LRB- and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in February 1974 .','Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund .' ), 'It was priced at $ 10 a share -LRB- and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . -RRB- .')

Input: Actually , the funds do fluctuate , but beyond the third decimal place .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is actually .','The funds do fluctuate .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is actually .','The funds beyond the third decimal place .'))

Input: Procter & Gamble Co. and Noxell Corp. said they received early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act regarding the proposed $ 1.4 billion merger of Noxell into P&G .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Procter & Gamble Co. and Noxell Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into P&G .','They received early termination of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act regarding the proposed $ 1.4 billion merger of Noxell .'))

Input: P&G , Cincinnati , agreed to exchange 0.272 share of its common stock for each share of Noxell common and Class B stock , a total of about 11 million P&G shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('P&G was Cincinnati .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each share of Noxell common and Class B stock .', SUB/ELABORATION('A total of about 11 million P&G shares were its common stock .','P&G agreed to exchange 0.272 share of its common stock .')))

Input: The company already markets a wide range of detergents , food , household and health-care products .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The owners of the defense and aerospace concern , which include three regional states , several industrial companies and banks , met Friday to discuss the final terms of the transaction , in which Daimler-Benz will acquire 50.01 % of
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('The owners of the defense and aerospace concern met Friday to discuss the final terms of the transaction .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is of in the transaction .','Daimler-Benz will acquire 50.01 % .' )CO/LIST('The owners of the defense and aerospace concern include three regional states .','The owners of the defense and aerospace concern include several industrial companies .','The owners of the defense and aerospace concern include banks .')))

Input: But agreement aparently could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen , which are demanding more influence over the German Airbus operations and a better guarantee against job losses in the troubled Northern German region .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But agreement aparently could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is over the German Airbus operations .','This is over a better guarantee .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is against job losses in the troubled Northern German region .','Opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen are demanding more influence .')))

Input: The two states and the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB , but their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The two states still hold a majority in MBB .','The state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB .' )SUB/TEMPORAL('Their stake will fall to around 30 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the concern .','Daimler-Benz acquires its stake .')))

Input: The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales , September durable goods orders as well as September personal income , personal consumption and the saving rate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mid-October auto sales are September durable goods orders .', CO/LIST('The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales as well as September personal income .','The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales as well as personal consumption .','The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales as well as the saving rate .'))

Input: In addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence , some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts believe in addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the fourth quarter .','The two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications .'))

Input: On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Evans is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the other hand .', CO/LIST('Evans expects the hurricane to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP .','Evans expects the earthquake to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP .')))

Input: By and large , economists believe the two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage to their regions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what economists believe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to their regions .','The two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage .'))

Input: Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. was New York .','Edward J. Campbell was economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Edward J. Campbell noted .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in those areas .','Large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production .')))

Input: He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter .', CO/LIST('He is noting a wider trade deficit .','He is noting slower capital and government spending .','He is noting the lower inventory figures .'))

Input: In August , personal income rose 0.4 % and personal consumption increased 0.9 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','Personal income rose .' )CO/LIST('0.4 % increased 0.9 % .','Personal consumption increased 0.9 % .'))

Input: HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock , payable Dec. 15 to shares of record Nov. 17 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to shares of record .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was payable Dec. 15 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on its common stock .', CO/LIST('HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share Nov. 17 .','HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of an extra dividend of five cents a share Nov. 17 .'))))

Input: The Hastings , Mich. , concern makes piston rings , filters and fuel pumps .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Vickers PLC , a United Kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by New Zealand financier Ron Brierley raised its stake in the company Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ron Brierley was New Zealand financier .', SUB/ELABORATION('Vickers PLC was a United Kingdom defense and engineering company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Vickers PLC said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the company .','An investment unit controlled by Ron Brierley raised its stake Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week .'))))

Input: Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army , Rolls Royce cars , and has marine and medical businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The U.K. army is Rolls Royce cars .', CO/LIST('Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army .','Vickers has marine and medical businesses .'))

Input: All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , Mr. Andersson recalls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Andersson is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology .','All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should get out of mature basic industries .' ), 'This is what Andersson recalls .'))

Input: On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Tuesday .','Trelleborg 's directors announced plans .' ), 'This was to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange .')

Input: That growth is the result of Mr. Andersson 's shopping spree , during which he has bought and sold more than 100 companies during the past five years .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('Andersson is the result of Mr. .','That growth is Andersson 's shopping spree .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Andersson was years during Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the past five Andersson 's shopping spree .', CO/LIST('He has bought .','He has sold more than 100 companies .'))))

Input: Between 1985 and 1988 , sales multipled more than 10 times and pretax profit surged almost twelvefold .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was between 1985 and 1988 .',', Sales multipled more than 10 times .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was between 1985 and 1988 .','Pretax profit surged almost twelvefold .'))

Input: But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Andersson is a management style Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But the promotion is n't likely to alter Andersson describes as being the driving force .', SUB/ELABORATION('The driving force is leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar .', SUB/PURPOSE('A cigar is waiting for people .','This is to bring me ideas .'))))

Input: Trelleborg is n't in the same league yet as mining giants such as RTZ Corp. or Anglo-American Corp. , says Mike Kurtanjek , a mining analyst at James Capel & Co. , London .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Noranda and Trelleborg each came close to winning Falconbridge alone before the successful joint bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Andersson insists that Trelleborg and Noranda have n't discussed a Falconbridge break-up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Andersson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Andersson insists .','Trelleborg and Noranda have n't discussed a Falconbridge break-up .'))

Input: But such partnerships are common in mining , where there are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner , Trelleborg 's president says .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But such partnerships are common in mining .','This is what Trelleborg 's president says .' ), 'There are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner .')

Input: And investment is the key word for base metals , and most other businesses Trelleborg is in .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And investment is the key word for base metals .', SUB/ELABORATION('Trelleborg is other businesses .','And most Trelleborg is in .'))

Input: Excluding the gain , the company registered a modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $ 113 million , or 87 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 107.9 million , or 84 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company registered excluding the gain .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from the year-earlier $ 107.9 million .','This was from 84 cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('A modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $ 113 million .','A modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to 87 cents a share .')))

Input: Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 161.1 million .','This was to $ 1.24 a share .' ), 'Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income .'))

Input: Including the Adobe gain , full-year net was $ 454 million , or $ 3.53 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including the Adobe gain .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Full-year net was $ 454 million .','Full-year net was $ 3.53 a share .'))

Input: John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the brightened sales performance .','John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer introduced in the winter .' ), 'John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer were credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers .')

Input: Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the company .','Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure .' ), 'This was what a spokeswoman said .')

Input: Gary J. Schantz , 44 years old , was named president and chief operating officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 44 years old .', CO/LIST('Gary J. Schantz was named president .','Gary J. Schantz was named chief operating officer .'))

Input: The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in exchange .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for $ 750,000 .','It privately placed stock and warrants .')))

Input: Gordon Trimmer will succeed Mr. Haines as manager of Canadian operations , and Mr. Kushkin 's former position is n't being filled at this time , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Haines was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as manager of Canadian operations .','Gordon Trimmer will succeed Haines .' ), 'Kushkin 's former position is n't being filled at this time .' ), 'This was what the company said .'))

Input: Of the $ 4.4 billion spent so far on the program , 60 % is going for administrative costs , management and research , the Office of Technology Assessment just reported .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of the $ 4.4 billion .','The $ 4.4 billion was spent so far on the program .' ), '60 % is going for administrative costs , management and research .' ), 'This was what the Office of Technology Assessment reported .')

Input: It may not be toxic , but we know where one waste dump is .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It may not be toxic .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we know .','Where one waste dump is .'))

Input: Basf AG said it moved its headquarters for Latin America to Mexico and the headquarters for the Asia\/Australia regional division to Singapore , effective Oct .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Basf AG said .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was for Latin America to Mexico .','This was for Latin America to the headquarters .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was for the Asia\/Australia regional division to Singapore , effective Oct .','It moved its headquarters .')))

Input: David H. Eisenberg , 53 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit , based in Alexandria , Va .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was 53 years old .','David H. Eisenberg was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit .' ), 'Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit were based in Alexandria , Va .')

Input: Signal , which has an estimated 10,000 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Signal provides stock quotes over an FM radio band .','An FM radio band can be received by specially equipped personal computers .' )CO/LIST(', Signal has an estimated 10,000 subscribers .',', Signal is profitable .'))

Input: The business is n't related to Lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But efforts have been thwarted by official indifference , bureaucratic resistance , a legal system that operates at a snail 's pace , political opposition and government misjudgments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bureaucratic resistance was a legal system .','A legal system operates at a snail 's pace , political opposition and government misjudgments .' ), 'Official indifference was bureaucratic resistance .' ), 'But efforts have been thwarted by official indifference .')

Input: But instead of a minimum price , only a target price will be established .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In 1983 , the loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ty was the understanding that Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1983 .','The loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with Ty had repurchase rights .'))

Input: Separately , the government will try again within a month to sell the 36 % stake in Paper Industries Corp. of the Philippines , or Picop , as the paper mill is known .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is separately .','The government will try again within a month .' ), 'This was to sell the 36 % stake in Paper Industries Corp. of the Philippines , or Picop , as the paper mill is known .')

Input: The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was including a member of the Elders group of Australia .','The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers .' ), 'This was to pull out of the bidding .' ), 'This is what the bankers and analysts say .')

Input: Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garcia was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Garcia acknowledges the problem .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Garcia says .','The Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer .')))

Input: Mr. Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garcia was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation , both prompted by the criticism of the agency .','The Picop bidding and possible legislation were covering the paper mill 's sale .'))

Input: He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who is retiring from active duty but remains a director and consultant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Harry A. Durney is 65 .', CO/CONTRAST('He succeeds Harry A. Durney .','He remains a director and consultant .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Harry A. Durney is 65 .','Harry A. Durney is retiring from active duty .')))

Input: Eagle Financial Corp. and Webster Financial Corp. , two Connecticut savings bank-holding companies , agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Eagle Financial Corp. were two Connecticut savings bank-holding companies .','Webster Financial Corp. were two Connecticut savings bank-holding companies .' )CO/LIST('Eagle Financial Corp. agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction .','Webster Financial Corp. agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction .'))

Input: The new holding company , Webster\/Eagle Bancorp Inc. , will have about $ 1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Webster\/Eagle Bancorp Inc. is the new holding company .', CO/LIST('The new holding company will have about $ 1.2 billion of assets .','The new holding company will have 19 banking offices in Connecticut .'))

Input: Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Frank J. Pascale is chairman of Eagle .','Frank J. Pascale will be chairman of the new firm .' )SUB/ELABORATION('James C. Smith is president and chief executive officer of Webster .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Webster\/Eagle .','James C. Smith will take those posts .')))

Input: Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Harold W. Smith Sr. is chairman of Webster .', CO/LIST('Harold W. Smith Sr. will become chairman emeritus .','Harold W. Smith Sr. will become a director of the new company .'))

Input: In an interview , James Smith said the banks ' markets are contiguous and their business philosophies are similar and conservative .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what James Smith said in an interview .', CO/LIST('The banks ' markets are contiguous .','Their business philosophies are similar and conservative .'))

Input: Eagle , which controls Bristol Federal Savings Bank and First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Torrington , had assets of $ 469.6 million on that date .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on that date .','Eagle had assets of $ 469.6 million .' ), 'Eagle controls Bristol Federal Savings Bank and First Federal Savings & Loan Association of Torrington .')

Input: But the enterprises still in state hands include the biggest and most economically powerful ones in Mexico ; indeed , they virtually constitute the economic infrastructure .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the enterprises still in state hands include the biggest and most economically powerful ones in Mexico .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is indeed .','They virtually constitute the economic infrastructure .'))

Input: In language that sidesteps the issue , Mr. Ortiz writes , The divestiture of nonpriority and nonstrategic public enterprises is an essential element of President Carlos Salinas 's plan to modernize Mexico 's economy ... .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ortiz is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Carlos Salinas is an essential element of President .', SUB/ELABORATION('In language , Ortiz writes , The divestiture of nonpriority and nonstrategic public enterprises is Carlos Salinas 's plan to modernize Mexico 's economy ... .','Language sidesteps the issue .')))

Input: To guarantee that Mexicana de Aviacion and other companies will really be privatized , Mexico needs a pluri-party political system that will ensure democracy and hence accountability .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to guarantee that Mexicana de Aviacion and other companies will really be privatized .', SUB/ELABORATION('Mexico needs a pluri-party political system .', CO/LIST('A pluri-party political system will ensure democracy .','A pluri-party political system will ensure hence accountability .')))

Input: Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ponce Federal said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 .','The dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements .'))

Input: People familiar with the company say the board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid that collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner , British Airways PLC , dropped out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('British Airways PLC were a key partner .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what people familiar with the company say .', SUB/ELABORATION('The board is n't likely to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid .','The $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid collapsed last week after banks would n't raise needed loans and after a key partner dropped out .')))

Input: Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('The bidding group has n't had time .','This was to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it believes .','Bank financing could be obtained .'))

Input: The failed takeover would have given UAL employees 75 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline , with management getting 10 % control and British Air 15 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with management .','The failed takeover would have given UAL employees 75 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline .' )CO/LIST('Management was getting 10 % control .','Management was getting British Air 15 % .'))

Input: It was n't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 50 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It was n't clear .','The ownership would stack up under the new plan .' ), 'Employees would keep more than 50 % .')

Input: Management 's total could be reduced , and the public could get more than the 15 % control that had been earmarked for British Air .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Management 's total could be reduced .', SUB/ELABORATION('The public could get more than the 15 % control .','The 15 % control had been earmarked for British Air .'))

Input: Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stephen Wolf was UAL Chairman .', CO/CONTRAST('The pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at least .',', Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort temporarily , and to return to running the company full time .')))

Input: But Citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But Citicorp has lost some credibility .', SUB/PURPOSE('It also led the unsuccessful effort .','This was to gain bank loans for the labor-management group .'))

Input: However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what several people said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('That British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group .','That British Air might yet rejoin that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering .' ), 'A securities offering were earmarked for the UAL buy-out .'))

Input: Despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing .', CO/LIST('UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. .','UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Salomon Brothers Inc. .','UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .'))

Input: La Familia de Hoy , or Today 's Family , will debut this spring and will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('La Familia de Hoy will debut this spring .','Today 's Family , will debut this spring .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('La Familia de Hoy will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming .','Today 's Family , will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming .'))

Input: The features will focus on parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , and will carry 30 seconds of advertising .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The features will focus on parenting .','The features will focus on family health and nutrition .','The features will focus on financial management .' ), 'The features will carry 30 seconds of advertising .')

Input: The magazines , also ad-supported , will be distributed in more than 10,000 doctors ' offices , clinics , and health centers in Hispanic and largely Hispanic communities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE('The 107\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % .','This was to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. .' ), 'This was what the company said .')

Input: Lep Group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Lep Group currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % .','Affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % .' ), 'This was what the filing said .')

Input: U.S. holdings of IMF special drawing rights last month rose $ 247 million , to $ 9.49 billion , and its reserve position at the IMF increased $ 142 million , to $ 8.79 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 9.49 billion .','U.S. holdings of IMF special drawing rights last month rose $ 247 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 8.79 billion .','Its reserve position at the IMF increased $ 142 million .'))

Input: Alusuisse is a subsidiary of Swiss Aluminium Ltd. , a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of aluminum , chemicals and packaging products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Swiss Aluminium Ltd. is a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of aluminum .',', Swiss Aluminium Ltd. is a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of chemicals .',', Swiss Aluminium Ltd. is a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of packaging products .' ), 'Alusuisse is a subsidiary of Swiss Aluminium Ltd. .')

Input: Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. and president and chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Conway was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 42 years old .', CO/LIST(', Conway was elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. and president .',', Conway was elected chairman , president and chief executive of chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co .')))

Input: Mr. Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. , of Cincinnati , in 1987 , when Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION(', Conway was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was of Cincinnati .',', Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. .' ), 'Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp .')))

Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Terra said he sold 263,684 First Illinois common shares from Aug. 9 to Aug. 28 for $ 9.9375 to $ 10.5625 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Terra was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Terra said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Aug. 9 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Aug. 28 for $ 9.9375 to $ 10.5625 a share .','He sold 263,684 First Illinois common shares .'))))

Input: He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the open market or in private transactions .','He may sell more shares .' ), 'He would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares .' ), 'This was what the filing said .')

Input: The new proposal , which would transfer majority ownership of United Air 's parent to employees and leave some stock in public hands , would be valued at $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or as much as $ 5.42 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The new proposal would be valued at $ 225 to $ 240 a share .','The new proposal would be valued at as much as $ 5.42 billion .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to employees .','The new proposal would transfer majority ownership of United Air 's parent .' ), 'The new proposal would leave some stock in public hands .'))

Input: But UAL 's board is n't expected to give quick approval to any offer substantially below the $ 300-a-share bid that collapsed recently .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to any offer .','But UAL 's board is n't expected to give quick approval substantially below the $ 300-a-share bid .' ), 'The $ 300-a-share bid collapsed recently .')

Input: Ford and Saab ended talks about a possible alliance after Ford concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about a possible alliance .','Ford and Saab ended talks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Ford concluded .','The cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return .'))

Input: The Dow Jones industrials rose 5.94 , to 2689.14 , making the gain for the week a record 119.88 points , or 4.7 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2689.14 .','The Dow Jones industrials rose 5.94 .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The Dow Jones industrials were making the gain for the week a record 119.88 points .','The Dow Jones industrials were making the gain for 4.7 % .'))

Input: Most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Most bond prices fell .', CO/LIST('Junk bonds rose .','The dollar rose .'))

Input: New York City bonds were sold off by many investors last week amid political and economic uncertainty .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for some of its advertising units .',', Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers .' ), ', Saatchi & Saatchi has rejected them .' ), 'This was what sources said .')

Input: Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms are all planning rate increases .', CO/LIST('Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms were reflecting higher costs .','Trucking , shipping and air-freight firms were reflecting tightened demand .'))

Input: Winnebago posted a widened quarterly loss and slashed its dividend in half , reflecting the deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Winnebago posted a widened quarterly loss .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in half .','Winnebago slashed its dividend .' ), 'Winnebago was reflecting the deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle sales .'))

Input: Inmac Corp. , a money-losing direct marketer of computer supplies and accessories , said directors suspended payment of its semiannual dividend as too great a drain on funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Inmac Corp. was a money-losing direct marketer of computer supplies and accessories .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Inmac Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as too great a drain on funds .','Directors suspended payment of its semiannual dividend .')))

Input: The directors ' action , taken Oct. 10 but announced Friday , had little or no effect on the company 's stock , which stagnated at $ 4.75 in light over-the-counter trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The directors ' action , taken Oct. 10 but announced Friday , had little or no effect on the company 's stock .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in light over-the-counter trading .','The company 's stock stagnated at $ 4.75 .'))

Input: The board felt that the continued payment of our semiannual dividend was inconsistent with recent operating results , said Kenneth A. Eldred , president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the board felt .','The continued payment of our semiannual dividend was inconsistent with recent operating results .' ), 'This was what Kenneth A. Eldred , president and chief executive officer said .')

Input: The Food and Drug Administration said American Home Products Corp. agreed to recall certain generic drugs that were produced by its Quantum Pharmics unit in Amityville , N.Y .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Food and Drug Administration said .', SUB/ELABORATION('American Home Products Corp. agreed to recall certain generic drugs .',', Certain generic drugs were produced by its Quantum Pharmics unit in Amityville , N.Y .'))

Input: Last month , American Home Products said it was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Home Products said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit .','It was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products .'))

Input: Lyondell Petrochemical Co. said third-quarter net income fell 54 % , to $ 73 million , or 91 cents a share , from $ 160 million a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lyondell Petrochemical Co. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 160 million a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 73 million .','This was to 91 cents a share .' ), 'Third-quarter net income fell 54 % .')))

Input: The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time and the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an olefins plant .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the petrochemical maker said .', CO/LIST('The biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time .','The biggest reason earnings declined was the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an olefins plant .'))

Input: While the company said chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter , costs will be lower because the maintenance and expansions are complete .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .',', Chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter .' )CO/LIST(', Costs will be lower because the maintenance are complete .',', Costs will be lower because expansions are complete .'))

Input: Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cordis was a maker of medical devices .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in fines .','This was in other costs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Earlier this year , Cordis agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million .','Felony and misdemeanor charges were related to the pacemakers .')))

Input: Management and unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday , averting a strike by most employees of Canada 's largest daily newspaper .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Management reached a tentative contract agreement Friday .','Unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was by most employees of Canada 's largest daily newspaper .', CO/LIST('Management were averting a strike .','Unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star were averting a strike .')))

Input: Amgen Inc. said its second-quarter earnings increased more than tenfold to $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , due to increased sales of the company 's new antianemia drug for kidney patients .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Amgen Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 3.9 million .','This was to 22 cents a share .' ), 'Its second-quarter earnings increased more than tenfold due to increased sales of the company 's new antianemia drug for kidney patients .'))

Input: In the year-ago period , Amgen reported net income of $ 320,000 , or two cents a share , on revenue of $ 21.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 21.5 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Amgen reported net income of $ 320,000 .','Amgen reported two cents a share .')))

Input: For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 4.7 million from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago .','This was to 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in earnings .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the six months .','The company reported a more than sixfold increase .')))

Input: Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was full of ambiguities .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord .','This was to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict .' ), 'The Christian military leader wad the plan was full of ambiguities .')

Input: Under guidelines included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence panel last year , the U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under guidelines .', CO/LIST('Guidelines were included in an exchange of letters between the Reagan administration last year .','Guidelines were included in an exchange of letters between the Senate Intelligence panel last year .' ), 'The U.S. must inform foreign dictators of plans likely to endanger their lives .'))

Input: The five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the Mojave Desert .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the five astronauts said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They were unconcerned about the touchy weather .','The touchy weather was expected in the Mojave Desert .' )CO/LIST('The five astronauts stowed gear .','The five astronauts tested the spacecraft 's steering .')))

Input: The chamber voted 69-26 Friday to convict the judge of perjury and bribery conspiracy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rep. Garcia and his wife were found guilty by a federal jury in New York of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech Corp. in return for official acts by the New York Democrat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garcia was Rep. .', CO/LIST('Garcia were found guilty by a federal jury in New York of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech Corp. in return for official acts by the New York Democrat .','His wife were found guilty by a federal jury in New York of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech Corp. in return for official acts by the New York Democrat .'))

Input: The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was outside Tegucigalpa .','The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in high winds .','This was in low clouds .' ), 'It approached the capital 's airport .'))

Input: The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shamir was Prime Minister .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the U.S. and Israel have been holding .','What an aide to Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves .'))

Input: The Sandinista government and the U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The Sandinista government agreed in March .','The U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March .' ), 'This was to suspend offensive operations .' ), 'There has been sporadic fighting .')

Input: The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The molecule is the mouse version of a protein .','A protein was called the interleukin-4 receptor .' ), 'The interleukin-4 receptor directs the growth and function of white blood cells .')

Input: The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of Contel Credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Contel Credit was a leasing and financial-services subsidiary .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the sale of Contel Credit .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million .','The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of two cents a share .')))

Input: But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the first time in my life , I was n't sure whether I was listening to our news or West German television .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first time in my life .','I was n't sure .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('I was listening to our news .','I was listening to West German television .'))

Input: But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz is Mr. .','But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Krenz .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the thousands in recent weeks .','East Germans have taken to the streets .' ), 'This was to demand democratic changes .'))

Input: Mr. Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor , Mr. Honecker , but also blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Honecker was his mentor .', CO/CONTRAST('Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor .','Krenz is not only blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators .')))

Input: Indeed , one of his first actions as leader was to visit a gritty machine factory on the outskirts of Berlin and wander among the workers -- a la Gorbachev .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was a la .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was on the outskirts of Berlin .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was indeed .','One of his first actions as leader was to visit a gritty machine factory and wander among the workers -- Gorbachev .')))

Input: He 's a very tough man , but one who 's also open to arguments , adds an aide to West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He 's a very tough man .', SUB/ELABORATION('Helmut Kohl is West German Chancellor .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to Helmut Kohl .','One , adds an aide .' ), 'One 's also open to arguments .')))

Input: He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Honecker was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Honecker was his patron .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the help of his patron .','He moved quickly through the ranks .' ), 'He emerged as the heir apparent .')))

Input: The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary , has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising in 1953 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was into its deepest political crisis .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1953 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising .', SUB/ELABORATION('The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens , has plunged the country .',', Citizens were escaping through Poland and Hungary .'))))

Input: And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image , contrasting with the perception of Mr. Honecker as an out-of-touch old man .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Honecker is the perception of Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as an out-of-touch old man .','A more vibrant image is contrasting with Honecker .')))

Input: Either he was n't being real in the past , or he is n't being real right now , says a 30-year-old East German doctor .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory .','This was on the need .' ), 'Television last week carried a new report .' ), 'This was to boost production .')

Input: It 's hard to know whether it was intended to be funny , says the East Berlin shopkeeper , But everyone I know laughed about it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's hard to know whether it was intended to be funny .', SUB/ELABORATION('Everyone laughed about it .','I know Everyone .'))

Input: Of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society 's weeklong meeting , fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week 's end .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at week 's end .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the 1,300 chemists .','The 1,300 chemists were registered for the society 's weeklong meeting .' )CO/LIST('Fewer than 200 sat through the day .','Fewer than 200 sat through a half of cold fusion presentations .')))

Input: Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Neither of the two chemists , were at the meeting .', CO/LIST('The two chemists 's Utah triggered the cold fusion uproar .','The two chemists 's Utah triggered Martin Fleischmann .','The two chemists 's Utah triggered B. Stanley Pons .'))

Input: But some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the Department of Energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some members of an ad hoc expert committee were in the audience .', SUB/PURPOSE('An ad hoc expert committee was set up by the Department of Energy .','This was to evaluate the cold fusion research .'))

Input: Most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described last March by Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fleischmann was last March by Messrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was more sophisticated .','Results with new variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described Fleischmann and Pons .')))

Input: The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into heavy water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a wire of platinum .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was into heavy water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form .','A doubly heavy form was known as deuterium .' ), 'The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal and plunging the two electrodes .'))

Input: Ordinarily the electrolysis , or breakup , of the water would consume almost all of the electrical energy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons said their experiments also produced large amounts of heat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fleischmann was Messrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fleischmann and Pons said .','Their experiments also produced large amounts of heat .'))

Input: Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the excess heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('They also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they asserted .', SUB/ELABORATION('The excess heat energy must be coming from energy .','Energy was released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod .')))

Input: But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from chemists .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Texas A&M .','But he then borrowed a palladium rod .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Texas A&M said .','They were getting excess heat .')))

Input: It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is before quieting down .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for as long as 10 or 11 hours .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at totally unpredictable times .','It would begin producing excess heat .'))))

Input: Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oriani was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Oriani said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy .', SUB/ELABORATION('The sudden release of energy might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times .',', Some scientists have suggested .'))))

Input: Typically , the input energy ranges from a third of a watt to one watt and the excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to one watt .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is typically .','The input energy ranges from a third of a watt .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was typically .','The excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt .')))

Input: Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bockris was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water .','Bockris previously reported getting bursts .'))

Input: There is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts .','It 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to some other phenomenon .'))

Input: Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons being produced in their experiment but later conceded the measurements were questionable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fleischmann was Messrs. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Fleischmann and Pons initially reported indirect evidence of neutrons .','Neutrons were being produced in their experiment .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fleischmann and Pons conceded .','The measurements were questionable .')))

Input: A number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors , but only once during 411 hours of the experiment did they detect a neutron burst in all three detectors -- and they think that was a spurious event .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they think .','Was a spurious event .'))

Input: Shimson Gottesfeld of Los Alamos National Laboratory said researchers there detected a burst of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last April but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shimson Gottesfeld of Los Alamos National Laboratory said .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from an early cold fusion experiment .','Researchers there detected a burst of neutrons last April .' ), 'Researchers decided not to announce it until they could confirm it .'))

Input: In subsequent experiments , one of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons but neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in subsequent experiments .','One of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in subsequent experiments .','Neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time .'))

Input: The Journal also will offer expanded volume and frequency discounts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We have invested in improved editorial quality and expanded our quality audience without substantially increasing our costs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We have invested in improved editorial quality .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without substantially increasing our costs .','We have expanded our quality audience .'))

Input: Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , published in Brussels and printed in the Netherlands and Switzerland , will increase 9 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine .','Dow Jones also publishes other periodicals .','Dow Jones also publishes community newspapers .' ), 'Dow Jones also operates electronic business information services .')

Input: Reflecting the impact of lower semiconductor prices and cuts in defense spending , Texas Instruments Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 31 % and sales dropped slightly from a year earlier .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Texas Instruments Inc. was reflecting the impact of lower semiconductor prices and cuts in defense spending .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Texas Instruments Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Third-quarter net income fell .', CO/LIST('31 % dropped slightly from a year earlier .',', Sales dropped slightly from a year earlier .'))))

Input: Net fell to $ 65 million , or 67 cents a common share , from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .','This was from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net fell to $ 65 million .','Net fell to 67 cents a common share .'))

Input: For the nine months , the electronics and defense concern had net of $ 255.8 million , or $ 2.70 a share , down 5.6 % from $ 271 million , or $ 3.01 a share , in the year-ago period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago period .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 5.6 % from $ 271 million , or $ 3.01 a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The electronics and defense concern had net of $ 255.8 million .','The electronics and defense concern had net of $ 2.70 a share .'))))

Input: Jerry Junkins , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish consumer-electronics sales reduced demand for semiconductors .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jerry Junkins , chairman , president and chief executive officer said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for semiconductors .',', Sluggish consumer-electronics sales reduced demand .'))

Input: That , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher semiconductor-depreciation expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in sales and profit .','That contributed to the decline .' )CO/LIST('That was coupled with lower semiconductor prices .','That was coupled with higher semiconductor-depreciation expense .'))

Input: The company , which has interests in television , trucking services , and glass-making and food-processing equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the telephone industry .','It plans to make other acquisitions .' )CO/LIST('The company has interests in television .','The company has interests in trucking services .','The company has interests in glass-making and food-processing equipment .')))

Input: Photographic developers , for example , bought equipment to recover silver from spent photographs , negatives and processing solutions .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','Photographic developers bought equipment .' ), 'This was to recover silver from spent photographs , negatives and processing solutions .')

Input: Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays .','Electronic cameras and X-rays do n't require silver .' ), 'This is what dealers say .')

Input: Even in the present uncertain investment climate , investors are preferring quality assets such as Treasury bills and bonds to gold , silver and platinum , dealers say .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to gold , silver and platinum .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the present uncertain investment climate .','Investors are preferring quality assets such as Treasury bills and bonds .' ), 'Dealers say .'))

Input: Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is into silver .',', Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal .' )SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is from India .','This is from the Soviet Union .' ), 'Low prices are discouraging exports .'))

Input: Japanese demand grew by 70 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin that will require 4.5 million ounces .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first half of this year .','Japanese demand grew by 70 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin .','A silver commemorative coin will require 4.5 million ounces .'))

Input: Compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , Mr. Demler says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Demler is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s .','World silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance .' ), 'This is what Demler says .'))

Input: A huge silver stockpile at exchanges , refiners , consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant , says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Moreover , while Asian and Middle Eastern investors hoard gold and help underpin its price , silver does n't have the same mystique , dealers say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Asian and Middle Eastern investors hoard gold and help underpin its price .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is moreover .',', Silver does n't have the same mystique .' ), 'This is what dealers say .'))

Input: Livestock and Meats
Prediction: NONE

Input: Most traders and analysts attributed the decline to technical factors associated with the contract 's going off the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Most traders and analysts attributed .', SUB/ELABORATION('The decline to technical factors 's going off the board .','Technical factors are associated with the contract .'))

Input: Barring any petroleum-related news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market watchers that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is by oil economists .','This is by other market watchers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is barring any petroleum-related news events .','Trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections .' ), ', Strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm .'))

Input: In general , it was a bearish close , said Ben Hanauer , a copper trader at Rudolph Wolff & Co. , a major commodities trading and brokerage firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It then determines which machine is free to do the task most quickly and sends the task to that machine .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It then determines .','Machine is free to do the task most quickly .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to that machine .','It then sends the task .'))

Input: Hewlett-Packard claims that the software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks and will run each task twice as fast .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Hewlett-Packard claims .', CO/LIST('The software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks .','The software will run each task twice as fast .'))

Input: Hewlett-Packard said it will sell versions later next year that run on Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp. machines .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hewlett-Packard said .', CO/LIST('It will sell versions later next year that run on Sun Microsystems Inc. .','It will sell versions later next year that run on Digital Equipment Corp. machines .'))

Input: As hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area after another , franchisers are struggling desperately for market share , slashing prices and stepping up costly promotions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after another .','Hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area .' )CO/LIST('Franchisers are struggling desperately for market share .','Franchisers are slashing prices .','Franchisers are stepping up costly promotions .'))

Input: The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business and straining relations between the national fast-food chains and their franchisees .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on profits of many .','The fight is putting a tight squeeze .' ), 'The fight is threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business .', CO/LIST('The fight is straining relations between the national fast-food chains .','The fight is straining relations between their franchisees .'))

Input: The chains used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow , but in the last year or so , discounting has become a 12-month thing , says Donald Harty , president of Charisma Group Inc. , a New York franchisee of Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King chain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Harty is Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(', Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Harty says .','Profits will be flat or lower .')))

Input: If the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts Vincent Morrissey , who owns a string of Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in the Midwest .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the National Restaurant Association says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 131,146 .', SUB/ELABORATION('14 % between 1983 and 1987 were the last year for which figures are available .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was between 1983 and 1987 .','Quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % .'))))

Input: Jack Greenberg , executive vice president and chief financial officer of McDonald 's , says the company does n't compute , much less disclose , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Greenberg is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McDonald 's .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Jack Greenberg says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is much less .','The company does n't compute disclose , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales .')))

Input: But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For someone who has everything else -- Reggie 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , says William Vizas , owner of Bill 's Sports Collectibles in Denver , who examined the checks at the San Francisco card show .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Maybe three years ago , there were a lot of -LCB- Ty -RCB- Cobbs in the hobby , and awhile back there were Babe Ruth checks , says Mr. Smalling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Mr. Smalling does n't believe they 're worth all that much now .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smalling is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('And Smalling does n't believe .','They 're worth all that much now .'))

Input: And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts , too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jackson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .','And Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts .'))

Input: Or at least he should .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bethlehem Steel Corp. , LTV Corp. and Armco Inc. all have plans to build additional lines for such coated corrosion-resistant steel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for such coated corrosion-resistant steel .', CO/LIST('Bethlehem Steel Corp. all have plans to build additional lines .','LTV Corp. all have plans to build additional lines .','Armco Inc. all have plans to build additional lines .'))

Input: USX already has six lines in existing plants producing hot-dipped galvanized steel , but this marks the first so-called greenfield plant for such production .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('USX already has six lines in existing plants .','Existing plants are producing hot-dipped galvanized steel .' ), 'This marks the first so-called greenfield plant for such production .')

Input: And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A specific order is acceptable to an exchange .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a customer .','And , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it .'))

Input: Market Order : This is probably the most widely used order -- and the one most open to abuse by unscrupulous floor brokers , since it imposes no price restrictions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Limit Order : Limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investors do this by specifying a minimum price at which the investment may be sold or the maximum price that may be paid for it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .','Investors do this .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Investors were specifying a minimum price at which the investment may be sold .','Investors were specifying the maximum price .' ), 'The maximum price may be paid for it .'))

Input: One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once the price reaches that level , a stop order turns into a market order , and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The price reaches that level .','A stop order turns into a market order .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The order is filled .','The broker can get .'))

Input: While stop orders sound similar to limit orders , there is a difference : Sell stops must be entered at a price below the current market price and buy stops above .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST(', Stop orders sound similar to limit orders .','There is a difference .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was below the current market price .',', Sell stops must be entered at a price .' ), ', Sell stops must buy stops above .'))

Input: In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in contrast .',', Sell limit orders must be placed above the market price .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in contrast .',', Sell limit orders must buy .' ), 'Limit orders are placed below .'))

Input: The crash in October 1987 and last Friday 's sell-off painfully taught some investors exactly what stop orders will and wo n't do .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the crash in October 1987 and last Friday 's sell-off taught some investors .', SUB/ELABORATION('Exactly will and wo n't do .','Exactly stop orders .'))

Input: But if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The market moves quickly enough .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/CAUSE('But , it may be impossible for the broker .','The investment has passed the specified price .' ), 'This was to carry out the order .'))

Input: If they do n't fill it immediately , then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('They do n't fill it immediately .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Then I can start over at a new price .','Then I can try again with the same price .'))

Input: One-Cancels-The-Other Order : This is really two orders in one , generally for the same security or commodity , instructing floor brokers to fill whichever order they can first and then cancel the other order .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to cancel .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('They found .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from limit orders .','They had bought stock .' ), 'They might have entered weeks or months earlier .' ), 'They had forgotten to cancel .'))

Input: Mr. Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets for The Wall Street Journal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Angrist is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for The Wall Street Journal .','Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets .'))

Input: For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for any given move in the overall market .','It suggests .' ), 'That particular issue might rise or fall .')

Input: Beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There is risk that is not associated with market moves , and the beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('There is risk .','Risk is not associated with market moves .' ), 'The beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that .')

Input: In particular , the prices of gold and other precious-metals stocks shoot up and down , but the stocks tend to have low betas because their moves are not market-inspired .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in particular .','The prices of gold and other precious-metals stocks shoot up and down .' ), 'The stocks tend to have low betas because their moves are not market-inspired .')

Input: In reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in reality .','It 's very volatile .' ), 'The movements are not because of market movements .')

Input: When you think of the words risk and investment , what 's the specific peril that comes to mind ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Risk wears many disguises , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be distressingly high in other , less obvious kinds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Risk wears many disguises .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is less obvious .','Investments can be distressingly high in other kinds .' ), 'Investments are low in one type of obvious risk .'))

Input: That is usually measured by the standard deviation , or divergence , of annual results from the average return over time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the average return over time .', CO/DISJUNCTION('That is usually measured by the standard deviation .','That is usually measured by divergence , of annual results .'))

Input: But investors who are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals .','But investors may be paying too little attention .' ), 'Investors are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations .')

Input: But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over extended periods .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite some stomach-churning declines .','But the stock market has far outperformed other securities .'))

Input: The portfolios of two hypothetical families , one a couple at retirement age and another a two-income couple at age 45 , illustrate several types of risk that investors need to consider .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The portfolios of two hypothetical families are one .', SUB/ELABORATION('The portfolios of two hypothetical families a couple at retirement age and another a two-income couple at age 45 , illustrate several types of risk .','Investors need to consider .'))

Input: But they expose the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to a lot of inflation risk .','This is to a lot of interest-rate risk .' ), 'But they expose the holders .')

Input: But one price paid for the higher expected return is greater short-term volatility , as reflected in the higher standard deviation that Seidman estimates for the younger couple 's portfolio .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then take the expected return and subtract one standard deviation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and downs that will occur along the way .
Prediction: CO/LIST('When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded .', SUB/ELABORATION('It comes to investing .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver .','Investors do n't know the ups and downs .' ), 'The ups and downs will occur along the way .')))

Input: But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('History can suggest what is reasonable to expect .', SUB/ELABORATION('But there 's no guarantee .','The past will repeat itself .'))

Input: In his letter and on the basis of his losing vote Tuesday against U.S. aid for the Nicaraguan opposition , Senator Kerry makes clear he has not made that intellectual leap .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kerry was Senator .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in his letter and on the basis of his losing vote Tuesday against U.S. aid for the Nicaraguan opposition .','Kerry makes clear he has not made that intellectual leap .'))

Input: So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the residential real-estate market .',', So throughout the decade I preserving my necessary position .' )CO/LIST(', So throughout the decade I have tinkered with stocks .',', So throughout the decade I have tinkered with bonds .',', So throughout the decade I have tinkered with mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market .')))

Input: Disgusted , I cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing the answer struck me : I was doing it already !
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Disgusted , I cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing ! .','The answer struck me any heavy breathing .' ), 'I was doing it already ! .')

Input: All have paid off for me in double-digit annual growth and continue to provide significant potential .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in double-digit annual growth .','All have paid off for me .' ), 'All continue to provide significant potential .')

Input: Personal space -LRB- Figure 3 -RRB- has grown 35 % annually over the course of the decade , a performance that would compare positively with an investment in , say , synthetic-leather products for the interiors of cold-weather vehicles , which my cousin got into and sort of regrets to this day .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The decade was a performance .','Personal space -LRB- Figure 3 -RRB- has grown 35 % annually over the course of the decade .' ), 'A performance would compare positively with an investment in , say , synthetic-leather products for the interiors of cold-weather vehicles .' )CO/LIST('My cousin got into cold-weather vehicles .','My cousin sort of regrets to this day cold-weather vehicles .'))

Input: Expansion of my living space has produced an obvious need for maintenance and construction of suitable lawns , shrubs and bushes fitting to its suburban locale .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Over the course of the decade , for instance , my return on investment in the area of poker alone -LRB- Figures 7A and 7B -RRB- has been most impressive , showing bodacious annual expansion with -- given the way my associates play -- no sign of abatement into the 1990s and beyond .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with -- given the way -- no sign of abatement into the 1990s and beyond .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the course of the decade .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance .','My return on investment in the area of poker alone -LRB- Figures 7A and 7B -RRB- has been most impressive , showing bodacious annual expansion .' ), 'My associates play the way .')))

Input: With this personal strategy firmly in place , I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is firmly in place .','This is with this personal strategy .' )CO/LIST('I look forward to years of fine life-style investments .','I look forward to years of increasing widespread leverage .'))

Input: He tried management consulting , traded in turquoise for a while , and even managed professional wrestlers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('He tried management consulting .','He tried even managed professional wrestlers .' ), 'Management consulting was traded in turquoise for a while .')

Input: But in this case the needle has a very sharp point .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Though it 's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent , the fact remains that , as one wag puts it , anybody who can fog a mirror can call himself a financial planner .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent .', SUB/ELABORATION('The fact remains .', SUB/ELABORATION('One wag puts it .', SUB/ELABORATION('Anybody can call himself a financial planner .','Anybody can fog a mirror .'))))

Input: Planners now influence the investment of several hundred billion dollars , but in effect they operate in the dark .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Planners now influence the investment of several hundred billion dollars .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in effect .','They operate in the dark .'))

Input: So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', So it should come as no shock .', SUB/ELABORATION('The profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people .','People 's principal seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money .'))

Input: Alarmed , state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners .
Prediction: NONE

Input: An admittedly limited survey by NASAA , whose members are state securities-law regulators , found that between 1986 and 1988 fraud and abuse by financial planners cost 22,000 investors $ 400 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The rogues ' gallery of planners involved includes some convicted felons , a compulsive gambler or two , various businessmen who had planned their own previous ventures right into bankruptcy , and one man who scammed his wife 's grandmother .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The rogues ' gallery of planners includes some convicted felons .','The rogues ' gallery of planners includes a compulsive gambler or two .','The rogues ' gallery of planners includes various businessmen .','The rogues ' gallery of planners includes one man .' ), 'Planners were involved .' ), 'One man scammed his wife 's grandmother .' ), 'Various businessmen had planned their own previous ventures right into bankruptcy .')

Input: She concedes that such a position is unfair to the thousands of conscientious and qualified people plying the trade , but as a consumer advocate she feels impelled to take it .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what she concedes .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Such a position is unfair to the thousands of conscientious and qualified people plying the trade , but as a consumer advocate .',', She feels impelled to take it .'))

Input: But membership in the International Association of Financial Planners -LRB- IAFP -RRB- , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple what it was in 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But membership in the International Association of Financial Planners -LRB- IAFP -RRB- , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple .','It was in 1980 .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it 's believed .', SUB/ELABORATION('The ranks of planners have soared as well .','Planners do n't belong to any group .')))

Input: An estimated 10 million Americans are now using financial planners , and the pool of capital they influence is enormous .
Prediction: CO/LIST('An estimated 10 million Americans are now using financial planners .', SUB/ELABORATION('The pool of capital is enormous .','They influence capital .'))

Input: A survey of 54,000 of them conducted by the IAFP in April showed that these practitioners alone had controlled or guided the investment of $ 154 billion of their clients ' money in the previous 12 months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A survey of 54,000 of them conducted by the IAFP in April showed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the previous 12 months .','These practitioners alone had controlled or guided the investment of $ 154 billion of their clients ' money .'))

Input: Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as investment advisers -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Even the minority of them -- people -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity .','People are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as investment advisers .','Even the minority of them must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission .'))

Input: Mr. Gargan , the Tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the SEC to hire more staff .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gargan is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Gargan is the Tampa planner .','The Tampa planner heads one trade group .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the SEC .','Gargan favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to hire more staff .')))

Input: It requires financial planners to register with states , pass competency tests and reveal to customers any conflicts of interest .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The issue : Is the planner putting his clients into the best investments , or the ones that garner the biggest commissions ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: First Meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing , according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general .', CO/LIST('First Meridian are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing .','Its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing .'))

Input: Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('J. Chandler Peterson is both name .', CO/LIST('Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry .','J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant .'))

Input: Those companies , in turn , paid Mr. Peterson commissions and fees , the suit alleges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peterson is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in turn .','Those companies paid Peterson commissions and fees .' ), 'This is what the suit alleges .'))

Input: In affidavits , each plaintiff claims Mr. Peterson promised the bank purchase would be completed by the end of 1988 or the money returned .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peterson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what each plaintiff claims in affidavits .', SUB/ELABORATION('Peterson promised .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The bank purchase would be completed by the end of 1988 .','The bank purchase would be completed by the money returned .'))))

Input: Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peterson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a meeting of the bank 's directors .','Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money .'))

Input: Bank officials , however , showed him the door , and the sale never came off .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Bank officials showed him the door .' ), 'The sale never came off .')

Input: Rearding the suit over the bank bid , Mr. Peterson says it is filled with inflammatory language and half truths .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peterson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Peterson says rearding the suit over the bank bid .','It is filled with inflammatory language and half truths .'))

Input: In many scams or alleged scams involving planners , it 's plain that only a modicum of common sense on the part of the investors would have kept them out of harm 's way .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in many scams or alleged scams .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Many scams were involving planners .','Alleged scams were involving planners .' ), 'It 's plain .' ), 'Only a modicum of common sense on the part of the investors would have kept them out of harm 's way .'))

Input: Certificates of deposit do n't pay 23 % a year , for example , but that did n't give pause to clients of one Alabama planner .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .',', Certificates of deposit do n't pay 23 % a year .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was to clients of one Alabama planner .','That did n't give pause .'))

Input: And the Colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients millionaires on investments of as litle as $ 100 ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the ritzy Fashion Island Shopping Center , the tanned and elegant ladies of this wealthy Southern California beach community disembark from their Mercedes-Benzes and BMWs for another day of exercising their credit cards .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for another day of exercising their credit cards .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is at the ritzy Fashion Island Shopping Center .','The tanned and elegant ladies of this wealthy Southern California beach community disembark from their Mercedes-Benzes and BMWs .'))

Input: They graze at the Farmers Market , a combination gourmet food court and grocery store , while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('They graze at the Farmers Market .','They graze at a combination gourmet food court .','They graze at grocery store .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a selection of dreamy melodies .','A pianist accompanies the noon fashion show .'))

Input: It is also known as the fraud capital of the U.S. , dubbed by investigators and the media as the Cote de Fraud .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is also known as the fraud capital of the U.S. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was as the Cote de Fraud .', CO/LIST('The fraud capital of the U.S. was dubbed by investigators .','The fraud capital of the U.S. was dubbed by the media .')))

Input: The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the Maggot Mile and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is like the Miami neighborhood .', CO/LIST('The places renowned for breeding bunco invariably offer fast cars .','The places renowned for breeding bunco invariably offer high rollers .','The places renowned for breeding bunco invariably offer glamorous women .','The places renowned for breeding bunco invariably offer lots of sunshine .' ), 'The Miami neighborhood is known as the Maggot Mile and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos .'))

Input: And most of the truly big scams in Orange County seem to originate in Newport Beach or one of the other well-heeled communities that surround this sliver-like city that hooks around a point of land on the California coast south of Los Angeles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('And most of the truly big scams in Orange County seem to originate in Newport Beach .','And most of the truly big scams in Orange County seem to originate in one of the other well-heeled communities .' )SUB/ELABORATION('One of the other well-heeled communities surround this sliver-like city .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is on the California coast south of Los Angeles .','This sliver-like city hooks around a point of land .')))

Input: That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as pen-and-pencil sets and office supplies that are known as Hollywood scams .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as pen-and-pencil sets .','That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as office supplies .' ), 'Pen-and-pencil sets and office supplies are known as Hollywood scams .')

Input: In one ingenious recent example of a Newport Beach boiler room , prospective investors in Capital Trust Inc. were allegedly told that their investment in precious metals was insured against losses caused by employees due to dishonesty , destruction or disappearance , according to an indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles last month .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what prospective investors in Capital Trust Inc. were allegedly told in one ingenious recent example of a Newport Beach boiler room .', SUB/ELABORATION('Their investment in precious metals was insured against losses .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to an indictment .','Losses were caused by employees due to dishonesty , destruction or disappearance .' ), 'An indictment was handed up by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles last month .')))

Input: But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Katz is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Katz is the U.S. attorney .', SUB/ELABORATION('Katz is the interesting thing about Newport Beach .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with plush furnishings .','But , says Katz operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices .'))))

Input: When we go there , it 's quite different from these Hollywood places where the sandwiches are spread out on the table and the people are picking their noses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We go there .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's quite different from these Hollywood places .','The sandwiches are spread out on the table .' ), 'The people are picking their noses .'))

Input: It 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas , Mr. Katz says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Katz is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's amazing the amount of money .','The amount of money goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas .' ), 'This is what Katz says .'))

Input: All this talk of boiler rooms and fraud is unnerving to the city 's legitimate business element .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Ciavarella has rejected a few prospective tenants who provided incomplete financial information and acknowledges that illegitimate operators are not easily detectable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Ciavarella was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Ciavarella has rejected a few prospective tenants .', CO/LIST('A few prospective tenants provided incomplete financial information .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a few prospective tenants acknowledges .','Illegitimate operators are not easily detectable .'))))

Input: YOU WENT to college and thought you got an education .
Prediction: CO/LIST('YOU WENT to college .', SUB/ELABORATION('YOU thought .','You got an education .'))

Input: By 2007 , when this year 's newborns hit campus , a four-year Ivy League sheepskin will cost $ 300,000 , give or take a few pizzas-with-everything at exam time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This year 's newborns hit campus .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by 2007 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at exam time .','This is give or take a few pizzas-with-everything .' ), 'A four-year Ivy League sheepskin will cost $ 300,000 .')))

Input: Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And then there 's always State U .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Their message , explicit or implicit , is that a good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true wo n't do anymore .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is explicit or implicit .','Their message is .' ), 'A good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true wo n't do anymore .')

Input: Several outfits -- including the Financial Programs , Franklin , and T. Rowe Price mutual-fund groups and the Edward D. Jones brokerage house -- are advertising college planner tables and charts that tell you how much you need to put aside regularly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Several outfits -- including the Financial Programs , Franklin , and T. Rowe Price mutual-fund groups and the Edward D. Jones brokerage house -- are advertising college planner tables and charts .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what College planner tables and charts tell you .','How much you need to put aside regularly .'))

Input: Most of the mailers are free , but Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the age of the child and the college of choice .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Most of the mailers are free .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for $ 15 .','Denver-based Financial Programs sells a version .' )CO/LIST('A version was customized to the age of the child .','A version was customized to the college of choice .')))

Input: The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The situation is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income .','You want to avoid The situation .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: That way , parents will reduce borrowings and outlays from current income when the time comes to pay tuition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That way is parents .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from current income .','That way will reduce borrowings and outlays .' ), 'The time comes to pay tuition .'))

Input: Mr. Hauptman reckons that the best investment choice is mutual funds because they are managed and over time have nearly kept up with the broad stock averages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hauptman was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Hauptman reckons .', SUB/CAUSE('The best investment choice is mutual funds .', CO/LIST('They are managed .','They over time have nearly kept up with the broad stock averages .'))))

Input: In their anxiety , however , parents and other student benefactors are flocking to new schemes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in their anxiety .', CO/LIST('Parents are flocking to new schemes .','Other student benefactors are flocking to new schemes .')))

Input: They have laid out about $ 1 billion for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds -- so far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for so-called baccalaureate zero-coupon municipal bonds .','They have laid out about $ 1 billion .' ), ', So far offered by Connecticut , Illinois , Virginia and eight other states .')

Input: The baccalaureate bonds -- tax-free , offered in small denominations and usually containing a provision that they wo n't be called before maturity -- seem to be tailor-made for college savers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/CONDITION('That wo n't matter .','They are held to maturity .' )SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is before then .','The parents need to sell them .' ), 'There could be a severe loss of principal .'))

Input: Had zeros been available in 1972 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , aiming for their children 's 1988 enrollment , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years , Mr. Anderson figures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Anderson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Anderson figures were two years .','Had zeros been available in 1972 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , aiming for their children 's 1988 enrollment , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years .'))

Input: One problem is that the Internal Revenue Service has decided that the investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One problem is .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Internal Revenue Service has decided .','The investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable .'))

Input: Based on historical rates of return , Mr. Anderson reckons a 100 % stock portfolio , indexed to the market , would have kept up with tuition and taxes in the 20th century .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Anderson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Anderson reckons based on historical rates of return .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 20th century .','A 100 % stock portfolio would have kept up with tuition and taxes .' ), 'A 100 % stock portfolio was indexed to the market .')))

Input: And they 're leaning more toward fixed income , whose returns after tax have trailed tuition increases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was toward fixed income .','And they 're leaning more .' ), 'Fixed income 's returns after tax have trailed tuition increases .')

Input: Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments , meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the full faith and credit of the state governments .','Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Florida and Wyoming were meaning .','Taxpayers will pick up any slack .'))

Input: If you start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Here 's the monthly sum .','You will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota the monthly sum .'))

Input: Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He sold quarter-inch fingerlings to stock other farmers ' ponds , and he bought back one-pound-or-so food-fish that he live-hauled to market along with his own whiskery crop .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('He sold quarter-inch fingerlings .','This was to stock other farmers ' ponds .' )SUB/ELABORATION('He bought back one-pound-or-so food-fish .','He live-hauled to market along with his own whiskery crop .'))

Input: Unknown to Mr. Tharp , he had fouled his net on a special IRS project to catch catfish farmers and haulers inclined to cheat on their taxes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tharp was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a special IRS project .','Unknown to Tharp , he had fouled his net .' ), 'This was to catch catfish farmers and haulers inclined to cheat on their taxes .'))

Input: Confronted with the evidence , Mr. Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return and was fined $ 5,000 and sentenced to 18 months in prison .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tharp was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Tharp was confronted with the evidence .', CO/LIST('Tharp pleaded guilty to one charge of filing a false return .', CO/LIST('Tharp was fined $ 5,000 .','Tharp was sentenced to 18 months in prison .'))))

Input: He also owes a lot of back taxes , interest and civil fraud penalties .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation , on the basis of occupation , high income , type of income , or some other characteristic that may signal an opportunity or tendency to hide income or exaggerate deductions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is on the basis of occupation .','This is on the basis of high income .','This is on the basis of type of income .','This is on the basis of some other characteristic .' ), 'Federal and state tax enforcers develop many group targets for investigation .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Some other characteristic may signal an opportunity or tendency .','This is to hide income or exaggerate deductions .'))

Input: Many professions long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or ludicrous efforts of some members to offset high income with fake losses from phony tax shelters : dentists who invested in dubiously dubbed foreign films or airline pilots who raised racehorses on their days off .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Many professions long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or ludicrous efforts of some members to offset high income with fake losses from phony tax shelters : dentists .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Dentists invested in dubiously dubbed foreign films .','Dentists invested in airline pilots .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on their days .','Airline pilots raised racehorses off .')))

Input: IRS statistics show that the more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include used-car dealers , entertainment producers , masons , roofers , and taxi owners .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('IRS statistics show .', CO/LIST('The more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include used-car dealers .','The more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include entertainment producers .','The more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include masons .','The more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include roofers .','The more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include taxi owners .'))

Input: But while IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to special projects .','But , the agency has assigned many agents .' ), ', Special projects need more personal attention .'))

Input: Other projects look for offenders among waiters who get cash tips , people who engage in large cash transactions , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without reinvesting the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year ; the gain must be rolled over within two years to defer tax .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Other projects look for offenders among waiters , people , and people whose returns show they sold a home for a profit without reinvesting the capital gain in another home by the end of the same year .','People engage in large cash transactions .' ), 'Waiters get cash tips .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The gain must be rolled over within two years .','This was to defer tax .'))

Input: The study provided criteria for singling out returns of potentially noncompliant taxpayers who report low income and large expenses from a part-time business .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','The study provided criteria .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The study was singling out returns of potentially noncompliant taxpayers .','Returns of potentially noncompliant taxpayers report low income and large expenses from a part-time business .'))

Input: The Tax Court recently denied business deductions by Mr. and Mrs. Peter S. Rubin of Cherry Hill , N.J. , who both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Mr. and Mrs. .','Peter S. Rubin was business deductions .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Cherry Hill was N.J. .','The Tax Court recently denied Peter S. Rubin of Cherry Hill .' ), ', Cherry Hill , N.J. both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields .'))

Input: Many workers , especially professionals , want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees ca n't .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In his area , Mr. Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lackey is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in his area .','Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in his area .','Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work .')))

Input: But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It assessed nearly $ 500,000 against a cruise-ship company that carried about 100 deckhands , cooks , bartenders , entertainers and other employees as self-employed independents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was against a cruise-ship company .','It assessed nearly $ 500,000 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as self-employed independents .','A cruise-ship company carried about 100 deckhands , cooks , bartenders , entertainers and other employees .'))

Input: The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the IRS , 24 other states , and two Canadian provinces , and even from phonebook Yellow Pages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yellow Pages was phonebook .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with the IRS , and even from Yellow Pages .','This was with 24 other states , and even from Yellow Pages .','This was with two Canadian provinces , and even from Yellow Pages .' ), 'The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies ; from exchange agreements .' ), 'Other New York agencies license or register professionals and businesses .'))

Input: The state has combed through records relating to architects , stockbrokers , lawyers in the New York City area , construction workers from out of the state , and homeowners who claim to be residents of other states -- especially Florida , which has no personal income tax .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The state has combed through records .', CO/LIST('Records were relating to architects .','Records were relating to stockbrokers .','Records were relating to lawyers in the New York City area .','Records were relating to construction workers from out of the state .','Records were relating to homeowners .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Homeowners claim to be residents of other states -- especially Florida .','Residents of other states -- especially Florida , has no personal income tax .')))

Input: The department has collected over $ 6.5 million from brokers so far and recommended more than 30 of them for criminal prosecution .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The department has collected over $ 6.5 million from brokers so far .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for criminal prosecution .','The department recommended more than 30 of them .'))

Input: In finding good news in Berkeley 's new freshman admissions plan -LRB- The Privileged Class , editorial , Sept. 20 -RRB- , you 're reading the headline but not the story .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Berkeley 's new freshman admissions plan -LRB- The Privileged Class , editorial , Sept. 20 -RRB- .','You is finding good news .' ), 'You 're reading the headline but not the story .')

Input: But that does n't mean half of the students attending Berkeley will be admitted this way .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But that does n't mean half of the students .', SUB/ELABORATION('But that was attending .','Berkeley will be admitted this way .'))

Input: But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades , test scores and supplemental points for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But against that combined increase of 12 % in students , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay .','But against that combined increase of 12 % in students , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on test scores for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay .','But against that combined increase of 12 % in students , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on supplemental points for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay .' ), ', Students were chosen by academic criteria .')

Input: The plan creates a new category of students from socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , a concept not yet defined , and gives them about 10 % of the class .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds were a concept not yet defined .','The plan creates a new category of students from socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds .' ), 'The plan creates a new category of students from socioeconomically disadvantaged backgrounds , a concept not yet gives them about 10 % of the class .')

Input: But the new category does not replace or reduce Berkeley 's broad racial preferences .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or an interest in a retirement community in Nevada that will knock your socks off , once it is built ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are , unfortunately , plenty of answers to that question -- and scam artists know all of them .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is unfortunately .','There are plenty of answers to that question .' ), ', Scam artists know all of them .')

Input: He used to be a boiler-room salesman , peddling investments in oil and gas wells and rare coins .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in oil and gas wells .','This was in rare coins .' ), 'A boiler-room salesman was peddling investments .' ), 'He used to be a boiler-room salesman .')

Input: There 's a definite psychology of the sale and different personalities you pitch different ways , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('There 's a definite psychology of the sale .','There 's a definite psychology of different personalities .' ), 'You pitch different ways a definite psychology .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: The overnight success story is part of our culture , and our society puts an emphasis on it with lotteries and Ed McMahon making millionaires out of people , says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other people are making it overnight , and the rest who toil daily do n't want to miss that opportunity when it seems to come along .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other people are making it overnight .', SUB/ELABORATION('The rest do n't want to miss that opportunity when it seems to come along .','The rest toil daily .'))

Input: -LRB- Mr. Blodgett , who was convicted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive , is now on probation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Blodgett is Mr. .','-LRB- Blodgett , is now on probation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Blodgett was Mr. .','Blodgett was convicted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive .'))

Input: He says he has quit the business and is back in school , majoring in psychology with aspirations to go into industrial psychology . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', CO/LIST('He has quit the business .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with aspirations .','He is back in school , majoring in psychology .' ), 'This is to go into industrial psychology .')))

Input: Still others are stung by a desire to do both well and good , says Douglas Watson , commanding officer of the Los Angeles Police Department 's bunko-forgery division .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Or an investor may be told , You seem like a guy .','A guy can make up his own mind .' ), 'An investor wants his accountant 's advice .')

Input: -LRB- Donald Trinen , an attorney for the penny-brokerage firm , denies the fraud allegations and says the Lyneses were fully apprised that they were pursuing a high-risk investment . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Donald Trinen was an attorney for the penny-brokerage firm .', CO/LIST('-LRB- Donald Trinen denies the fraud allegations -RRB- .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Donald Trinen says .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Lyneses were fully apprised .','They were pursuing a high-risk investment .'))))

Input: It 's not uncommon for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to ingratiate themselves to their clients , says Terree Bowers , chief of the major-frauds section of the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They may be susceptible to some song and dance if it hits them at the right time .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They may be susceptible to some song .', SUB/CONDITION('They may dance .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the right time .','It hits them .')))

Input: They are obviously also more susceptible when they need money - retirees , for instance , trying to bolster their fixed income or parents fretting over how to pay for a child 's college expenses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They are obviously also more susceptible .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance .','They need money - retirees trying to bolster their fixed income or parents fretting over how to pay for a child 's college expenses .'))

Input: These people are n't necessarily stupid or naive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It was just before the Christmas holidays , and I figured we could use some extra cash .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It was just before the Christmas holidays .', SUB/ELABORATION('I figured .','We could use some extra cash .'))

Input: Maybe the next day or even an hour later , I would n't have done it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Seats are currently quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Seats are currently quoted at $ 430,000 .', CO/LIST('Bid asked $ 430,000 .','$ 525,000 asked $ 430,000 .'))

Input: In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in times past .','Life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in times past .','Life-insurance salesmen were meaning men .' ), 'Ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it .'))

Input: So if anything happened to me , I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts -LRB- though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Anything happened to me .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is so .', CO/LIST('I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage .','I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off some other debts -LRB- though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury -RRB- .')))

Input: Figuring that maybe $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy I wanted , I looked at the myriad products of a dozen companies -- and plunged into a jungle of gibberish .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I was figuring that maybe $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy I wanted .', CO/LIST('I looked at the myriad products of a dozen companies .','I plunged into a jungle of gibberish .'))

Input: Over the past decade or two , while I was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('I was thinking about fox hunting .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was over the past decade .','This was over two .' )CO/LIST('The insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products .','The insurance industry has spawned variations on products .','The insurance industry has spawned variations on the variations .')))

Input: But term means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But term means just that .', CO/LIST('The policy is written for a specific time period only .', SUB/ELABORATION('The policy must be renewed .','It expires .')))

Input: Even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('You 're healthy .','You can renew .' )SUB/CAUSE('Your premium will go up sharply .','You 're that much older .'))

Input: Sounds great -- or does it ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Third and most important , Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; I 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I 'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Third and most important , Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount .', SUB/ELABORATION('I 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back .','I 'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile .'))

Input: That would be all right with Amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a smart money move for me .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('That would be all right with Amex .','Amex could then lock in its investment profit .' ), 'It does n't add up to a smart money move for me .')

Input: And the Second Law , unique to insurance ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: This is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance , the kind that amasses cash value .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Permanent insurance is the kind .','The kind amasses cash value .' )CO/LIST('This is worth remembering when insurers try to sell you permanent insurance .','This is worth remembering when their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance .'))

Input: The word death can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about savings and investment instead .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The word death can not be escaped entirely by the industry .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Salesmen dodge it wherever possible .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in euphemisms .',', Salesmen cloak it .' ), 'Euphemisms are preferring to talk about savings and investment instead .')))

Input: The implication is that your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD or mutual-fund account with an added feature .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The implication is .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD .','Your permanent-insurance policy is really mutual-fund account with an added feature .'))

Input: That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('That 's .', CO/LIST('You have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy .','You have to pay for the effort required to sell and service the whole package .'))

Input: And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect .','And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is paying the salesman 's commission as well .' ), 'Investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this .')

Input: So view permanent insurance for what it is -- a compromise between pure insurance and direct investment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage , the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing , and your cash value and dividends grow over the years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a set amount of coverage .','You pay a set premium , the company invests .' )CO/LIST('Premium in a portfolio of its choosing grow over the years .','Your cash value and dividends grow over the years .'))

Input: Congress closed this loophole last year , or thought it did .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(', Congress closed this loophole last year .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress thought .','It did .'))

Input: I c and the administration rejects the notion that new appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans by the Small Business Administration .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I c .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the administration rejects the notion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the Small Business Administration .','New appropriations are needed to finance disaster loans .')))

Input:  parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  simple ferroelectric chips in December .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  Research Associates and the Roper Organization each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers about their buying habits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about their buying habits .', CO/LIST('Research Associates each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers .','The Roper Organization each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers .'))

Input: l turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST('L turns out to have been a victim of incest . -RRB- .', SUB/ELABORATION('The biggest villains are the politicians -RRB- .','The politicians exploit the case .'))

Input: e .
Prediction: NONE

Input: re than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to OPEC and industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily and the International Herald Tribune .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is sharply .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to OPEC .','Re than 22 million barrels a day above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million .' )CO/LIST('Industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily .','Industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the International Herald Tribune .')))

Input: pany with about $ 900 million invested in growth stocks of varying sizes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: nal Aviation & Technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  other things , economists note that consumer spending is slowing , corporate profit margins are being squeezed , business confidence is slipping and construction and manufacturing industries are depressed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Other things are economists .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what other things note .',', Consumer spending is slowing .' ), ', Corporate profit margins are being squeezed .','Business confidence is slipping .',', Construction and manufacturing industries are depressed .'))

Input:  last January , but include some Canadian operations that were sold at the end of 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is but .','Last January include some Canadian operations .' ), ', Some Canadian operations were sold at the end of 1988 .')

Input: upervisors .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  utilities and marine-transport concern said results for the third quarter , usually a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales and the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what utilities and marine-transport concern said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', CO/LIST('Results for the third quarter a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales .','Results for the third quarter a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company .')))

Input: ld do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake , and offer their public support .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ve played one trucker off against another as much as they can , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Ve played one trucker off against another as much .','They can .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: growing industrial concerns .
Prediction: NONE

Input: agle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Webster\/Eagle .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is agle .','Will take those posts .' )CO/LIST('Will be chairman of the new firm .','Will be chairman of James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster agle .')))

Input: news or West German television .
Prediction: NONE

Input: tment risk : the hazard of shaping your portfolio to avoid one or more types of risk and being blind-sided by others .
Prediction: NONE

Input: nd Fashion Island that his company leases for Irvine Co. , the owner and developer of the project .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fashion Island is nd .', SUB/ELABORATION('Irvine Co. is the owner adeveloper of the project .','Fashion Islathat his company leases for Irvine Co. .'))

Input: rs in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among , say , factory workers .','Rs in an area detect some pattern of abuse .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what factory workers are claiming .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses .','Having a multitude of dependents frees them .')))

Input: Rorer Group Inc. will report that third-quarter profit rose more than 15 % from a year earlier , though the gain is wholly due to asset sales , Robert Cawthorn , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Cawthorn , chairman , president and chief executive officer were sales .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rorer Group Inc. will report .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .','Third-quarter profit rose more than 15 % .' ), 'The gain is wholly due to asset sales said .')))

Input: His projection indicates profit in the latest quarter of more than $ 17.4 million , or 55 cents a share , compared with $ 15.2 million , or 48 cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 15.2 million a year ago .','This was compared with 48 cents a share , a year ago .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is in the latest quarter of more than $ 17.4 million .','This is in the latest quarter of 55 cents a share .' ), 'His projection indicates profit .'))

Input: He said Rorer sold the drugs for nice prices and will record a combined , pretax gain on the sales of $ 20 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for nice prices .','Rorer sold the drugs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the sales of $ 20 million .','Rorer will record a combined , pretax gain .')))

Input: Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said the company is still looking for a strong fourth quarter in all areas -- sales , operating income and net income .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in all areas .', CO/LIST('The company is still looking for a strong fourth quarter -- sales .','The company is still looking for a strong fourth quarter -- operating income .','The company is still looking for a strong fourth quarter -- net income .')))

Input: Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Cawthorn was Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 .',', Cawthorn attributed the decline .' ), 'The stronger dollar reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars .'))

Input: We had underfunded Maalox for a year , he said , because the company was concentrating on research and development and promoting other drugs .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We had underfunded Maalox for a year .','This was what he said .' )CO/LIST('The company was concentrating on research and development .','The company was promoting other drugs .'))

Input: He said Rorer will spend $ 15 million to $ 20 million more on Maalox advertising and promotion in the second half of 1989 than in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Maalox advertising and promotion in the second half of 1989 .','Rorer will spend $ 15 million to $ 20 million more than in the year-earlier period .'))

Input: Hoechst AG said it will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hoechst AG said .', CO/LIST('It will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses .','It will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of a bleak outlook .'))

Input: Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe , rising imports from East bloc countries and overseas , and declining demand .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hoechst said .', CO/LIST('The fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe .','The fertilizer market faces rising imports from East bloc countries and overseas .','The fertilizer market faces declining demand .'))

Input: The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits , federal regulatory powers or company operations , a spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits .','The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of federal regulatory powers .','The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of company operations .' ), 'This was what a spokesman said .')

Input: Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was than expected .','Data showed less inflation .'))

Input: Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index rose 5.37 to 347.13 and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 to 470.80 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index rose .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 470.80 .', CO/LIST('5.37 to 347.13 jumped 7.52 .','The Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 .')))

Input: The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the close .',', Cautious investors took profits .'))

Input: Among other stocks involved in restructurings or rumored to be so : Holiday Corp. gained 1 7\/8 to 73 and Honeywell rose 2 7\/8 to 81 1\/2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among other stocks involved in restructurings or rumored to be so .',': Holiday Corp. gained 17\/8 to 73 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was among other stocks involved in restructurings or rumored to be so .',': Honeywell rose 27\/8 to 811\/2 .'))

Input: Indeed , many traders said that uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders who were unwinding positions that were bets on declining stock prices .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what many traders said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Uncertainty about today 's monthly expiration of stocks-index futures and options prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders .','Options on individual stocks , prompted a lot of buying by speculative traders .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Speculative traders were unwinding positions .','Positions were bets on declining stock prices .')))

Input: Philip Morris added 1 1\/8 to 44 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 3.7 million shares , Coca-Cola Co. gained 2 3\/8 to 70 3\/8 , Merck gained 1 3\/8 to 77 3\/8 and American Telephone & Telegraph advanced 7\/8 to 43 3\/8 on 2.5 million shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Big Board composite trading of 3.7 million shares .','Philip Morris added 11\/8 to 441\/2 .' ), ', Coca-Cola Co. gained 23\/8 to 703\/8 .','Merck gained 13\/8 to 773\/8 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 2.5 million shares .','American Telephone & Telegraph advanced 7\/8 to 433\/8 .'))

Input: Chemical and six other banks , along with First Boston , are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is along with First Boston .', CO/LIST(', Chemical are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion .',', Six other banks are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion .'))

Input: Elsewhere on the takeover front , Time Warner advanced 2 5\/8 to 136 5\/8 and Warner Communications tacked on 7\/8 to 63 7\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere on the takeover front .','Time Warner advanced 25\/8 to 1365\/8 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere on the takeover front .','Warner Communications tacked on 7\/8 to 637\/8 .'))

Input: Paramount Communications climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 1\/2 and MCA rose 1 1\/2 to 64 ; both media companies have long been mentioned as potential acquisition candidates .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Paramount Communications climbed 11\/4 to 581\/2 .','MCA rose 11\/2 to 64 .' ), 'Both media companies have long been mentioned as potential acquisition candidates .')

Input: Mattel added 1 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 , Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1\/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 13 5\/8 on the Big Board , while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7\/8 on the American Stock Exchange .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mattel added 11\/4 to 195\/8 .','Tonka firmed 1 to 181\/2 .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the Big Board .','Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 135\/8 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the American Stock Exchange .','Hasbro gained 1 to 217\/8 .')))

Input: Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on the stock .','This was on its estimate of 1990 earnings .' ), 'Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating .' ), 'Merrill Lynch was citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business .')

Input: Pinnacle West Capital , which suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely and reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 5\/8 to 11 3\/8 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pinnacle West Capital fell 5\/8 to 113\/8 .', CO/LIST('Pinnacle West Capital suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely .','Pinnacle West Capital reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings .'))

Input: If you think you have stress-related problems on the job , there 's good news and bad news .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what you think .','You have stress-related problems on the job .' )CO/LIST('There 's good news .','There 's bad news .'))

Input: The study surveyed a national group of medical directors , personnel managers and employee assistance program directors about their perceptions of these problems in their companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about their perceptions of these problems in their companies .', CO/LIST('The study surveyed a national group of medical directors .','The study surveyed a national group of personnel managers .','The study surveyed a national group of employee assistance program directors .'))

Input: Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs and stress-related disorders in compensation cases , according to a survey by the National Council on Compensation Insurance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in compensation cases .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to a survey by the National Council on Compensation Insurance .', CO/LIST('Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs .','Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between stress-related disorders .')))

Input: But although 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated that mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social stigma associated with people seeking help .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated .','Mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But , there is still a social stigma .', SUB/ELABORATION('A social stigma was associated with people .','People were seeking help .')))

Input: The disorders , which 20 years ago struck middle-age and older people , now strike people at the height of productivity , says Robert M.A. Hirschfeld , of the National Institute of Mental Health , who spoke at the presentation of the study 's findings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of the National Institute of Mental Health .','The disorders says Robert M.A. Hirschfeld .' ), 'Mental Health spoke at the presentation of the study 's findings .' ), 'The disorders 20 years ago struck middle-age and older people , now strike people at the height of productivity .')

Input: The poll showed that company size had a bearing on a manager 's view of the problem , with 65 % of those in companies of more than 15,000 employees saying stress-related problems were fairly pervasive and 55 % of those in companies with fewer than 4,000 employees agreeing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The poll showed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with 65 % of those in companies of more than 15,000 employees saying stress-related problems were fairly pervasive .',', Company size had a bearing on a manager 's view of the problem .' ), '55 % of those in companies with fewer than 4,000 employees agreeing .'))

Input: Although Dr. Warshaw points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to burnout .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Warshaw is Dr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Warshaw points out .',', Stress and anxiety have their positive uses .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety .','A component of fear and anxiety may contribute to burnout .')))

Input: We all like stress , but there 's a limit , says Paul D'Arcy , of Rohrer , Hibler & Replogle , a corporate psychology and management consulting firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to most U.S. locations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 .','They are cutting ticket prices .')))

Input: Continental , a Texas Air Corp. unit , recently unveiled a marketing program offering free companion tickets to business-class and first-class passengers on international flights .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A Texas Air Corp. unit was Continental .', CO/LIST(', Continental recently unveiled a marketing program .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to business-class and first-class passengers on international flights .',', Continental recently was offering free companion tickets .')))

Input: The Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York City has received complaints from homosexual couples whom the airline does n't recognize as family .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from homosexual couples .','The Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York City has received complaints .' ), 'The airline does n't recognize as family homosexual couples .')

Input: The fares are code-named Hugo , Compassion and Virgin Islands Aid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- Airlines are n't lowering fares to Northern California following this week 's earthquake , but reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Northern California following this week 's earthquake .','-LRB- Airlines are n't lowering fares -RRB- .' ), '-LRB- reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . -RRB- .')

Input: In Myrtle Beach , S.C. , the damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $ 35 , or as much as 22 % below regular prices .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Myrtle Beach , S.C. .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $ 35 .','The damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as much as 22 % below regular prices .'))

Input: And centenarians fly free in first class .
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE NATION', S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to Red Cross workers .','This is to retired military personnel .','This is to medical students .' ), 'THE NATION ', S carriers also provide discounts .')

Input: As the sponsor of the Older Americans Freedom to Work Act , which would repeal the Social Security earnings limit for people aged 65 and older , I applaud your strong endorsement to repeal this Depression-era fossil .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as the sponsor of the Older Americans Freedom to Work Act .','I applaud your strong endorsement .' ), 'This is to repeal this Depression-era fossil .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Older Americans Freedom to Work Act would repeal the Social Security earnings limit for people .','People were aged 65 and older .'))

Input: Eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When his Seventh Avenue fur business here was flying high 20 years ago , Jack Purnick had 25 workers and a large factory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('His Seventh Avenue fur business here was flying high 20 years ago .', CO/LIST('Jack Purnick had 25 workers .','Jack Purnick had a large factory .'))

Input: But just down Seventh Avenue , where about 75 % of U.S. fur garments are made , Larry Rosen has acquired two retail outlets , broadened his fur-making line and expanded into leather .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('But just down Seventh Avenue , Larry Rosen has acquired two retail outlets .','But just down Seventh Avenue , Larry Rosen has broadened his fur-making line .','But just down Seventh Avenue , Larry Rosen has expanded into leather .' ), 'About 75 % of U.S. fur garments are made .')

Input: Import competition for U.S. furs has risen sharply since furriers started aggressively marketing working-girl mink and similar lower-priced imported furs in recent years .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Import competition for U.S. furs has risen sharply .', CO/LIST('Furriers started aggressively marketing working-girl mink .','Furriers started aggressively similar lower-priced imported furs in recent years .'))

Input: It also opened the door to furs made in South Korea , China , Hong Kong and other countries .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to furs .', CO/LIST('Furs were made in South Korea .','Furs were made in China .','Furs were made in Hong Kong .','Furs were made in other countries .' ), 'It also opened the door .'))

Input: Jindo Furs , a large South Korean maker , says it operates 35 retail outlets in the U.S. and plans to open 15 more by the end of next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jindo Furs is a large South Korean maker .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Jindo Furs says .', CO/LIST('It operates 35 retail outlets in the U.S. .','It plans to open 15 more by the end of next year .')))

Input: Mr. Purnick and other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Purnick was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Purnick call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made .','Other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made .'))

Input: But low-priced and middle-priced furriers like Mr. Purnick , who once saturated the five-block Seventh Avenue fur district , say imports have cut their sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Purnick was middle-priced furriers like Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what low-priced and Purnick say .','Imports have cut their sales .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Purnick was middle-priced furriers like Mr. .','Low-priced and Purnick once saturated the five-block Seventh Avenue fur district .')))

Input: A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A woman can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 .', SUB/PURPOSE('A woman once would have saved for two or three seasons .','This was to buy a U.S.-made mink .'))

Input: Early in the decade he saw that fur workers in many foreign countries were willing to work longer hours at lower wages than their American counterparts and were more open to innovation .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Early in the decade he saw .','Fur workers in many foreign countries were willing to work longer hours at lower wages than their American counterparts .' ), 'Early in the decade he were more open to innovation .')

Input: He also noticed that foreign makers were introducing many variations on the traditional fur , and he decided to follow suit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He also noticed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the traditional fur .','Foreign makers were introducing many variations .' ), 'He decided to follow suit .'))

Input: By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the lower costs of production .','This was in innovation and quality control .' ), 'He was combining his strengths abroad .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','He has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost .'))

Input: To maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources , he says he still makes most of his furs in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. .','He still makes most of his furs .')))

Input: But six years ago he also began importing from the Far East .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Inspired by imports , Mr. Rosen now makes fur muffs , hats and flings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rosen is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Rosen is inspired by imports .','Rosen now makes fur muffs , hats and flings .'))

Input: He has leather jackets from Turkey that are lined with eel skin and topped off with raccoon-skin collars .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He has leather jackets from Turkey .','Leather jackets from Turkey are lined with eel skin .' ), 'He topped off with raccoon-skin collars .')

Input: Since then he has expanded his fleet and can now bring his furs to the front door of retailers as far away as the Midwest .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','He has expanded his fleet .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is to the front door of retailers as far away as the Midwest .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is since then .','He can now bring his furs .')))

Input: The industry enjoyed six prosperous years beginning in 1980 , but since 1986 sales have languished at their $ 1.8 billion peak .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was beginning in 1980 .','The industry enjoyed six prosperous years .' ), 'The industry since 1986 sales have languished at their $ 1.8 billion peak .')

Input: In addition , competition has glutted the market with both skins and coats , driving prices down .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with both skins and coats .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .',', Competition has glutted the market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .',', Competition was driving prices down .')))

Input: But even those who have found a way to cope with the imports and the slump , fear that furs are losing part of their allure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But even those , fear .', CO/LIST('Even those have found a way to cope with the imports .','Even those have found a way to cope with the slump .' ), 'Furs are losing part of their allure .'))

Input: Four workers at GTE Corp. 's headquarters have been diagnosed as having hepatitis , and city health officials are investigating whether a cafeteria worker may have exposed hundreds of other GTE employees to the viral infection , company and city officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Four workers at GTE Corp. 's headquarters have been diagnosed as having hepatitis .', SUB/ELABORATION(', City health officials are investigating .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the viral infection .','A cafeteria worker may have exposed hundreds of other GTE employees .' ), 'This was what company and city officials said .')))

Input: The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , Dr. McBride said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined .','The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted should be known by the end of the week .' ), 'This was what Dr. McBride said .')

Input: Hepatitis A , considered the least dangerous strain of the virus , has been confirmed in at least one GTE employee , company and city officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Hepatitis A has been confirmed in at least one GTE employee .','Hepatitis A was considered the least dangerous strain of the virus .' ), 'This was what company and city officials said .')

Input: We 're strongly recommending that anyone who has eaten in the cafeteria this month have the shot , Mr. Mattausch added , and that means virtually everyone who works here .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('We 're strongly recommending .', SUB/ELABORATION('Anyone have the shot .','Anyone has eaten in the cafeteria this month .' )SUB/ELABORATION('That means virtually everyone .','Virtually everyone works here .')))

Input: Anton Amon and George Gourlay were elected vice presidents of this soft-drink company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the wake of a slide in sterling , a tailspin in the stock market , and a string of problematic economic indicators , British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson promised gradual improvement in the U.K. economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nigel Lawson was British Chancellor of the Exchequer .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.K. economy .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in the wake of a slide in sterling .','This was in the wake of a tailspin in the stock market .','This was in the wake of a string of problematic economic indicators .' ), 'Nigel Lawson promised gradual improvement .')))

Input: A sinking pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation , he argued .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('A sinking pound makes imports more expensive .','A sinking pound increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation .' ), 'This was what he argued .')

Input: In reaffirming the current monetary policy of using high interest rates to fight inflation and shore up the pound , Mr. Lawson dismissed other approaches to managing the economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Lawson was reaffirming the current monetary policy of using high interest rates to fight inflation and shore up the pound .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to .','Lawson dismissed other approaches .' ), 'Lawson was managing the economy .')))

Input: He said he monitors the money-supply figures , but does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/CONTRAST('He monitors the money-supply figures .','He does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested .'))

Input: Two weeks ago , in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound , he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was two weeks ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound .','He raised base rates a full percentage point to 15 % .'))

Input: He added that there 's no quick-fix solution to the economic woes , and said tight monetary policy is the right approach .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He added .','There 's no quick-fix solution to the economic woes .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Tight monetary policy is the right approach .'))

Input: Discussing future monetary arrangements , Mr. Lawson repeated the Thatcher government 's commitment to join the exchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , but he did n't indicate when .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Lawson was discussing future monetary arrangements .','Lawson repeated the Thatcher government 's commitment to join the exchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System .' ), 'He did n't indicate when .'))

Input: Hewlett-Packard Co. became the first company world-wide to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month , but it wo n't start shipping the computers until early next year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('Hewlett-Packard Co. became the first company world-wide .','This was to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is until early next year .','It wo n't start shipping the computers .'))

Input: Depending on the type of software and peripherals used , the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals -LRB- a role usually filled by a minicomputer -RRB- , as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was depending on the type of software and peripherals used .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a technical workstation .','The machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals -LRB- a role usually filled by a minicomputer -RRB- or as a very fast personal computer .'))

Input: It 's the missing link in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers , the Olivetti spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('It 's the missing link in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers .','It 's the missing link in Olivetti 's product line between higher-priced minicomputers .' ), 'This was what the Olivetti spokesman said .')

Input: Olivetti also plans to sell the CP486 computer in the U.S. starting next year through Olivetti USA and through its ISC Bunker Ramo unit , which specializes in automating bank-branch networks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is in the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through Olivetti USA and through its ISC Bunker Ramo unit .','This is starting next year .' ), 'Olivetti also plans to sell the CP486 computer .' ), 'Its ISC Bunker Ramo unit specializes in automating bank-branch networks .'))

Input: Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 566 from $ 541 , the Department of Health and Human Services announced .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(', Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year .','This is to keep pace with inflation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 566 from $ 541 .',', Social Security benefits are boosting the average monthly benefit .' ), 'This was what the Department of Health and Human Services announced .'))

Input: As mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 7.65 % in 1990 from 7.51 % and wo n't rise any further in the future .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from 7.51 % .','As mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 7.65 % in 1990 .' ), 'As mandated by law , the tax rate wo n't rise any further in the future .')

Input: The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners and clerical workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the third quarter of this year .', CO/LIST('The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners .','The adjustments reflect the increase in clerical workers from the third quarter of last year .'))

Input: To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through attrition , and slowing the growth in research and development spending .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to offset sluggish sales growth .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was mostly .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through attrition .',', Companies have been cutting staff .' ), ', Companies have been slowing the growth in research and development spending .')))

Input: The Franklin Lakes , N.J. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 5 % to 6 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 10 % , says Jerry E. Fuller , an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Food and Drug Administration had raised questions about the device 's design .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Moreover , companies have sold off many of their smaller , less-profitable hospitals and have completed painful restructurings .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .',', Companies have sold off many of their smaller , less-profitable hospitals .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .',', Companies have completed painful restructurings .'))

Input: A Labor Department spokesman said the unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on southern states , particularly North Carolina and South Carolina .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Labor Department spokesman said .', CO/LIST('The unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on southern states .','The unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on particularly North Carolina .','The unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on South Carolina .'))

Input: Although the second-largest computer maker had prepared Wall Street for a poor quarter , analysts said they were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders and a slowdown in the rate of gain in foreign orders .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The second-largest computer maker had prepared Wall Street for a poor quarter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in foreign orders .', CO/LIST('They were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders .','They were troubled by a slowdown in the rate of gain .'))))

Input: Digital said a shift in its product mix toward low-end products and strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its product mix .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was toward low-end products .','Digital said a shift .' ), ', Strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins .'))

Input: Until the new mainframe products kick in , there wo n't be a lot of revenue contribution at the high end , and that 's hurt us , said Mark Steinkrauss , Digital 's director of investor relations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But analysts said that against the backdrop of a nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , that should n't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was against the backdrop of a nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average .','But analysts said that .' ), 'A nearly 40-point rise in the Dow Jones Industrial Average should n't necessarily be taken as a sign of great strength .')

Input: Some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the stock this year .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some cut .','Their earnings estimates .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Some predicted more efforts .','This was to control costs ahead .')))

Input: Margins will remain under pressure , and when the new mainframe does ship , I 'm not sure it will be a big winner .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Margins will remain under pressure .', SUB/ELABORATION('The new mainframe does ship .','I 'm not sure it will be a big winner .'))

Input: That was a disappointment and a sign of overall computer-market softness in Europe , Mr. Stevens said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stevens was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('That was a disappointment .','That was a sign of overall computer-market softness in Europe .' ), 'This was what Stevens said .'))

Input: Although overall revenues were stronger , Mr. Schulman said , DEC drew down its European backlog and had flat world-wide orders overall .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schulman was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Although overall revenues were stronger , Schulman said , DEC drew down its European backlog .','Although overall revenues were stronger , Schulman said , DEC had flat world-wide orders overall .'))

Input: Colgate Palmolive Co. reported third-quarter net income rose 27 % , bolstered by strong sales in its Latin American business and surprisingly healthy profits from U.S. operations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Colgate Palmolive Co. reported .', SUB/ELABORATION('Third-quarter net income rose 27 % .', CO/LIST('27 % was bolstered by strong sales in its Latin American business .','27 % was bolstered by surprisingly healthy profits from U.S. operations .')))

Input: In the year-earlier period , Colgate posted net income of $ 60.2 million , or 88 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Colgate posted net income of $ 60.2 million .',', Colgate posted net income of 88 cents a share .'))

Input: Last year 's results included earnings from discontinued operations of $ 13.1 million , or 19 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from discontinued operations of $ 13.1 million .','This was from discontinued operations of 19 cents a share .' ), 'Last year 's results included earnings .')

Input: Reuben Mark , chairman and chief executive officer of Colgate , said earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in Latin America , the Far East and Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Reuben Mark , chairman and chief executive officer of Colgate said .', CO/LIST('Earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in Latin America .','Earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in the Far East .','Earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in Europe .'))

Input: Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal care businesses , which include such well-known brands as Colgate toothpaste and Fab laundry detergent , jumped more than 40 % , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal care businesses jumped more than 40 % .','This was what the company said .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as Colgate toothpaste .','This is as Fab laundry detergent .' ), 'Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal care businesses include such well-known brands .'))

Input: We 've done a lot to improve -LRB- U.S. . -RRB- results and a lot more will be done , Mr. Mark said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mark was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('We 've done a lot to improve -LRB- U.S. . -RRB- results .','A lot more will be done .' ), 'This was what Mark said .'))

Input: For the nine months , net increased 14 % to $ 217.5 million , or $ 3.09 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 217.5 million .','This was to $ 3.09 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .','Net increased 14 % .'))

Input: The company earned $ 191.1 million , or $ 2.79 a share , in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 191.1 million .','The company earned $ 2.79 a share .'))

Input: Colgate 's 1988 net income included $ 40.1 million , or 59 cents a share , from discontinued operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from discontinued operations .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Colgate 's 1988 net income included $ 40.1 million .',', Colgate 's 1988 net income included 59 cents a share .'))

Input: USACafes , which is nearly half-owned by Sam and Charles Wyly of Dallas , said it will distribute proceeds from the sale to unit holders as a liquidating dividend as soon as possible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what USACafes said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the sale .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to unit holders as a liquidating dividend .','It will distribute proceeds as soon as possible .' ), 'USACafes is nearly half-owned by Sam and Charles Wyly of Dallas .')))

Input: American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled a sweetened pension and early-retirement program for management that it hopes will enable it to save $ 450 million in the next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled .', CO/LIST('A sweetened pension will enable it to save $ 450 million in the next year .','Early-retirement program for management that it hopes will enable it to save $ 450 million in the next year .'))

Input: Net income rose to $ 699 million , or 65 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 587 million , or 55 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from the year-earlier $ 587 million .','This was from 55 cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income rose to $ 699 million .','Net income rose to 65 cents a share .'))

Input: The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , or nine cents a share , for a change in depreciation method and concurrent changes in estimates of depreciable lives and net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for a change in depreciation method .','This was for concurrent changes in estimates of depreciable lives and net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million .','The latest period 's net was reduced nine cents a share .'))

Input: But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on some products .', CO/LIST('But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals .','But the growth was partly offset by price cuts .'))

Input: Under the amended pension program , AT&T managers who have at least five years of service will have five years added to their age and length of service for pension purposes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the amended pension program .','AT&T managers will have five years added to their age and length of service for pension purposes .' ), 'AT&T managers have at least five years of service .')

Input: Managers who retire Dec. 30 will have an additional 15 % added to their monthly pension for as long as five years or age 65 , whichever comes earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Managers will have an additional 15 % added to their monthly pension for as long as five years .','Managers will have an additional 15 % added to their monthly pension for age 65 .' ), 'Managers retire Dec. 30 .' ), 'Age 65 comes earlier .')

Input: This tells you AT&T is serious about continuing to manage their cost structure and is committed to 20%-a-year earnings growth , said Jack Grubman , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the company said the amount can't be determined until it knows how many managers opt to retire .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/CONDITION('The amount ca n't be determined .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it knows .','How many managers opt to retire .')))

Input: For the nine months , AT&T said net income was $ 1.99 billion , or $ 1.85 a share , up 19 % from $ 1.67 billion , or $ 1.56 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what AT&T said for the nine months .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 19 % from $ 1.67 billion , or $ 1.56 a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income was $ 1.99 billion .','Net income was $ 1.85 a share .')))

Input: When it comes to buying and selling shares , Westridge Capital Management Inc. takes a back seat to no one .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It comes to buying and selling shares .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to no one .','Westridge Capital Management Inc. takes a back seat .'))

Input: But wait a second .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Institutional investors have poured $ 210 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was into stock and bond indexing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a cheap and easy form of investment management .','Institutional investors have poured $ 210 billion .' ), 'Investment management promises to post average market returns .'))

Input: These big investors have flocked to indexing because relatively few active stock pickers have been able to consistently match the returns of the S&P 500 or other bellwethers , much less beat it .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('These big investors have flocked to indexing .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Relatively few active stock pickers have been able to consistently match the returns of the S&P 500 , much less beat it .','Relatively few active stock pickers have been able to consistently match the returns of other bellwethers , much less beat it .'))

Input: That 's because computers do most of the work , and low trading activity keeps a lid on commission costs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('That 's .',', Computers do most of the work .' ), 'Low trading activity keeps a lid on commission costs .')

Input: Among the souped-up indexing strategies : Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the souped-up indexing strategies .', CO/DISJUNCTION(': Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks .',': Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of just a few dozen .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the souped-up indexing strategies .',': Indexed portfolios can being restricted to the S&P 500 companies .')))

Input: With today 's computer-driven program trading techniques , index funds can trade back and forth between stock-index futures and the actual stocks making up indexes such as the S&P 500 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with today 's computer-driven program trading techniques .', CO/LIST('Index funds can trade back and forth between stock-index futures .','Index funds can trade back and forth between the actual stocks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with today 's computer-driven program trading techniques .','Index funds are making up indexes such as the S&P 500 .')))

Input: Futures and options also make it possible to build synthetic index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Futures and options also make it possible to build synthetic index funds .', CO/CONTRAST(', Synthetic index funds do n't actually own a single share of stock .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Synthetic index funds can produce returns .','Returns match or exceed the broad stock market .')))

Input: There is n't a boatload -LCB- of big investors -RCB- out there still waiting to get into indexing , says P. James Kartalia , vice president of ANB Investment Management Co. , Chicago , which offers both indexing and active management services .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And many have been successful , as in the case of the index fund operated by hyper-trader Westridge Capital .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Westridge Capital was hyper-trader .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as in the case of the index fund .','And many have been successful .' ), 'The index fund was operated by Westridge Capital .'))

Input: The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks , and will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks .', SUB/PURPOSE('The firm sometimes will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures .','This is to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies .'))

Input: By their nature , our trades are very short-term and are going to create high turnover , Mr. Carder adds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carder is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by their nature .','Our trades are very short-term and are going to create high turnover , Carder adds .'))

Input: J. Thomas Allen , president of Pittsburgh-based Advanced Investment Management Inc. , agrees it 's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('J. Thomas Allen is president of Pittsburgh-based Advanced Investment Management Inc. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what J. Thomas Allen agrees .','It 's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures .'))

Input: You 're buying the S&P , and you always want to hold the cheapest form of it , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('You 're buying the S&P .','You always want to hold the cheapest form of it .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: But some indexers make little or no use of futures , saying that these instruments present added risks for investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But some indexers make little or no use of futures .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some indexers were saying .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for investors .','These instruments present added risks .')))

Input: Instead of replicating the S&P 500 or some other index exactly , some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/DISJUNCTION(', Some stocks were replicating the S&P 500 exactly .',', Some stocks were replicating some other index exactly .' ), ', Some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio .')

Input: One simple approach is to exclude S&P 500 companies considered bankruptcy candidates ; this can avoid weak sisters , but also can hurt when a company like Chrysler Corp. rebounds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One simple approach is to exclude S&P 500 companies considered bankruptcy candidates .', CO/CONTRAST('This can avoid weak sisters .', SUB/ELABORATION('This also can hurt .','A company like Chrysler Corp. rebounds .')))

Input: Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some analysts suggest , however .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as an indicator .','The ratio has weakened in value .' )CO/LIST('Options can be used to hedge short positions .','Other products can be used to hedge short positions .')))

Input: Varity has proposed to acquire K-H Corp. , consisting of the auto parts division and some debt of Fruehauf Corp. , for $ 577.3 million of cash and securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Varity has proposed to acquire K-H Corp. for $ 577.3 million of cash and securities .', CO/LIST('K-H Corp. was consisting of the auto parts division .','K-H Corp. was consisting of some debt of Fruehauf Corp. .'))

Input: The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company is under an investigation .', SUB/PURPOSE('An investigation is concerning procedures .','This is to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs .'))

Input: The adjacent tables show the Big Board and Amex issues in which a short interest position of at least 100,000 shares existed as of mid-October or in which there was a short position change of at least 50,000 shares since mid-September .
Prediction: NONE

Input: My position is one founded on both the facts and the law .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('My position is one .', CO/LIST('One was founded on both the facts .','One was founded on the law .'))

Input: Although you may have forgotten , public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling -LRB- and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is public opinion about Gen. .', CO/CONTRAST('You may have forgotten .', SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is .','It is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling -LRB- and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative -RRB- .')))

Input: Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Gen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Those hearings also highlighted .','Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing .'))

Input: As the report issued by the subcommittee concluded , Our government did nothing regarding Gen. Noriega 's drug business and substantial criminal involvement because the first priority was the Contra war .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Gen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The report issued by the subcommittee concluded .', SUB/CAUSE(CO/LIST('Our government did nothing regarding Noriega 's drug business .','Our government did nothing regarding substantial criminal involvement .' ), 'The first priority was the Contra war .')))

Input: Throughout 1988 and this year , I and others in Congress have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan for pushing this narcokleptocrat out of Panama .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was for pushing this narcokleptocrat out of Panama .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was throughout 1988 .','This was throughout this year .' )CO/LIST('I have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan .','Others in Congress have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan .')))

Input: Regrettably , two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was military or economic .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was regrettably .','Two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan to restore democracy .')))

Input: After years of hesitation , economic and political reform was embraced at the end of 1986 , but ringing declarations have yet to be translated into much action .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after years of hesitation .', CO/LIST('Economic was embraced at the end of 1986 .','Political reform was embraced at the end of 1986 .' ), 'Ringing declarations have yet to be translated into much action .'))

Input: Mr. Chan , now 64 years old , invented a fountain pen he and his family produced from plastic waste .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chan was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was now 64 years old .',', Chan invented a fountain pen he and his family produced from plastic waste .'))

Input: For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chan was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for his troubles .',', Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 .'))

Input: Newspapers published articles about him , and he was hailed as the tire king .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about him .','Newspapers published articles .' ), 'He was hailed as the tire king .')

Input: His efforts earned a gold medal at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a national exhibition .','His efforts earned a gold medal .' ), 'His efforts attracted renewed attention from local authorities .')

Input: That was the first time they lost and I won , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('That was the first time .','They lost the first time .' ), 'I won .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: But a few days later the police accused him of stealing electricity , acquiring rubber without permission and buying stolen property .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of .','But a few days later the police accused him .' )CO/LIST('But a few days were stealing electricity .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without permission .','But a few days were acquiring rubber .' ), 'But a few days were buying stolen property .'))

Input: Mr. Chan achieved a breakthrough in 1987 -- and became a minor celebrity again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chan was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .',', Chan achieved a breakthrough -- and became a minor celebrity again -- .' ), 'His story was published in a weekly newspaper .'))

Input: Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle and motorbike tires a month and 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chan is Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle and motorbike tires a month .',', Chan now produces 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house .'))

Input: Come daybreak , eight family members and two other workers unroll a sheet of raw rubber that covers the floor of the house and spills out onto the street .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is come daybreak .', CO/LIST('Eight family members unroll a sheet of raw rubber .','Two other workers unroll a sheet of raw rubber .' )CO/LIST('A sheet of raw rubber covers the floor of the house .','A sheet of raw rubber spills out onto the street .')))

Input: Circulation soared as the weekly went way beyond standard literary themes to cover Vietnamese society and its ills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Circulation soared .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was beyond standard literary themes .','The weekly went way .' ), 'This was to cover Vietnamese society and its ills .'))

Input: Readers were electrified by the paper 's audacity and appalled by the dark side of life it uncovered .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She charged ahead of the government and the law to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST(', She charged ahead of the government .',', She charged ahead of the law .' ), 'This was to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country .')

Input: A lifelong revolutionary with little education who fought both the French and the U.S.-backed Saigon regime , she switched effortlessly to commerce after the war .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A lifelong revolutionary with little education were she .','Little education fought both the French and the U.S.-backed Saigon regime .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the war .','A lifelong revolutionary with little education switched effortlessly to commerce .' ), 'Little education fought both the French and the U.S.-backed Saigon regime .'))

Input: The heart of the business is the purchase of rice and other commodities , such as corn and coffee , from farmers in the south , paying with fertilizer , farm tools and other items .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as corn and coffee .', CO/LIST('The heart of the business is the purchase of rice .','The heart of the business is other commodities from farmers in the south .' )CO/LIST('Farmers in the south are paying with fertilizer .','Farmers in the south are paying with farm tools .','Farmers in the south are paying with other items .')))

Input: In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Thi was Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was partly private .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .','Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro .' ), ', Saigon Petro owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery .')))

Input: Standard & Poor 's Corp. is reviewing debt issued by 12 California counties , and there are potential isolated problems , said Hyman Grossman , a managing director .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As for property and casualty insurers , Moody 's said preliminary estimates suggest that losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition , but it raises concerns about potentially substantial risks longer-term .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's said as for property and casualty insurers .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Preliminary estimates suggest .','Losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition .' ), 'It raises concerns about potentially substantial risks longer-term .'))

Input: In the year-ago period , the company earned $ 12.9 million , or 45 cents a share , on sales of $ 247 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 247 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 12.9 million .','The company earned 45 cents a share .')))

Input: In its second quarter last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million , or 44 cents a share , on sales of $ 258.4 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 258.4 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its second quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million .','Last year , Western Digital earned 44 cents a share .')))

Input: The other areas of the business -- storage and microcomputers -- were very good , Mr. Johnson said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The other areas of the business -- storage and microcomputers -- were very good .','This was what Johnson said .'))

Input: Graphics , communications and peripheral control chips were combined because , increasingly , multiple functions are being governed by a single chip .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(CO/LIST('Graphics were combined .',', Communications were combined .','Peripheral control chips were combined .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was increasingly .','Multiple functions are being governed by a single chip .'))

Input: Storage , which includes computer controllers and 3.5-inch disk drives , represents nearly two-thirds of the company 's business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Storage represents nearly two-thirds of the company 's business .', CO/LIST(', Storage includes computer controllers .',', Storage includes 3.5-inch disk drives .'))

Input: About half of Western Digital 's business is overseas , and Mr. Johnson expects that proportion to continue .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About half of Western Digital 's business is overseas .', SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson is Mr. .','Johnson expects that proportion to continue .'))

Input: Directors of state-owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro approved a two-step capital-boosting transaction and a change in the bank 's rules that will help it operate more like a private-sector institution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the bank 's rules .', CO/LIST('Directors of state-owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro approved a two-step capital-boosting transaction .','Directors of state-owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro approved a change .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is like a private-sector institution .','The bank 's rules will help it operate more .')))

Input: Until now , BNL 's top managers and its directors have been appointed by a Treasury decree .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was until now .', CO/LIST('BNL 's top managers have been appointed by a Treasury decree .','Its directors have been appointed by a Treasury decree .'))

Input: But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The ensuing scandal , in which the bank 's management resigned , has helped renew calls for privatization , or at least an overhaul , of Italy 's banking system , which is about 80 % state-controlled .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The ensuing scandal has helped renew calls for privatization of Italy 's banking system .','The ensuing scandal has helped renew calls for at least an overhaul , of Italy 's banking system .' ), 'The bank 's management resigned in The ensuing scandal .' ), 'Italy 's banking system is about 80 % state-controlled .')

Input: In August , the index was up 0.2 % from the previous month , and was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','The index was up 0.2 % from the previous month .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','The index was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis .'))

Input: The year-earlier figures included $ 9.9 million , or three cents a share , in income from discontinued operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in income .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from discontinued operations .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The year-earlier figures included $ 9.9 million .','The year-earlier figures included three cents a share .')))

Input: The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 110 million to reserves for credit losses at its American Express Bank unit , boosting the reserve to $ 507 million as of Sept. 30 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to reserves for credit losses .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at its American Express Bank unit .','The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 110 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 507 million .','The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern were boosting the reserve as of Sept. 30 .')))

Input: At IDS Financial Services , the financial planning and mutual fund unit , net rose 19 % to a record $ 47.6 million on a 33 % revenue gain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a record $ 47.6 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a 33 % revenue gain .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was at IDS Financial Services .','This was at the financial planning .','This was at mutual fund unit .' ), 'Net rose 19 % .')))

Input: Assets owned or managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 45 billion .','Assets owned or managed rose 20 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 923 million .','Mutual fund sales rose 45 % .')))

Input: The aerospace and financial services concern said net income fell 5 % to $ 59.5 million from $ 62.8 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the aerospace and financial services concern said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 59.5 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 62.8 million .','Net income fell 5 % .')))

Input: The company said that improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business , lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector and soft automotive markets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('Improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business .','Improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector .','Improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by soft automotive markets .'))

Input: For the nine months , Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million , or $ 2.06 a share , on revenue of $ 5.41 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 5.41 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million .','Textron reported net of $ 2.06 a share .')))

Input: A year ago , net was $ 170.4 million , or $ 1.93 a share , on revenue of $ 5.3 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 5.3 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 170.4 million .','Net was $ 1.93 a share .')))

Input: The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales , and $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales .','This was for $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1989 .','The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge .'))

Input: In both cases , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in both cases .', CO/LIST('Minpeco have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie .','Manufacturers Hanover have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie .'))

Input: Stock-market fears and relatively more attractive interest rates pushed money-market mutual fund assets up $ 6.07 billion in the latest week , the sharpest increase in almost two years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the latest week .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up $ 6.07 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('Money-market mutual fund assets were the sharpest increase in almost two years .', CO/LIST(', Stock-market fears pushed money-market mutual fund assets .','Relatively more attractive interest rates pushed money-market mutual fund assets .'))))

Input: Individual investors , represented in the general-purpose and broker-dealer fund categories , pulled money from the stock market after its big drop last Friday and put the money into funds , said Jacob Dreyer , vice president and chief economist of the Institute .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Domestic lending for real estate and property development was the source of Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd. 's most recent spate of financial troubles , the institution 's executive chairman , Mohamed Basir Ismail , said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mohamed Basir Ismail was the institution 's executive chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Domestic lending for real estate and property development was the source of Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd. 's most recent spate of financial troubles .','This was what the institution 's executive chairman said .'))

Input: So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars -LRB- US$ 457 million -RRB- in provisions for interest payments from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in provisions for interest payments .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from loans previously recorded as revenue but never actually received by the bank .',', So the bank 's board decided to make 1.23 billion Malaysian dollars -LRB- US$ 457 million -RRB- , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital .'))

Input: Each time , the bank 's 90 % shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd. , or Petronas , the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Each time was the bank 's 90 % shareholder .', SUB/ELABORATION('Petronas was the national oil company .', SUB/PURPOSE('Each time -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd. , or Petronas -- has been called upon .','This was to rescue the institution .')))

Input: Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for and the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million and M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The plan is approved .','Tan Sri Basir said .' ), 'Most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for .', SUB/PURPOSE('The bank will be on track .','This is to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million and M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 .'))

Input: Polls bear out this warning , but after a decade of increased Republican influence here , the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for Mr. Courter .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Polls bear out this warning .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Courter was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after a decade of increased Republican influence here .','The new politics of abortion have contributed to a world .' ), 'A world was turned upside down for Courter .')))

Input: New Jersey 's own highest court remains a liberal bulwark against major restrictions on abortion , but the U.S. Supreme Court ruling , Webster vs. Missouri , has engaged voters across the nation who had been insulated from the issue .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('New Jersey 's own highest court remains a liberal bulwark against major restrictions on abortion .', SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. Supreme Court ruling was Webster vs. Missouri .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was across the nation .','The U.S. Supreme Court ruling has engaged voters .' ), 'The nation had been insulated from the issue .')))

Input: A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands , and in a major reversal , Congress is defying a presidential veto and demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a major reversal .',', Congress is defying a presidential veto .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Congress is demanding in a major reversal .','Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest .')))

Input: We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter ... and no one would have heard us .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about Courter .','We could have shouted from the rooftops .' ), 'No one would have heard us .')

Input: A labor chief speaks sardonically of having to man and woman Election Day phones .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Like many of his colleagues , he did n't serve in Vietnam in the 1960s yet embraced a hawkish defense and foreign policy -- even voting against a 1984 resolution critical of the U.S. mining of Nicaraguan harbors .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1960s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was like many of his colleagues .','He did n't serve in Vietnam .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was like many of his colleagues .','He embraced a hawkish defense and foreign policy -- even voting against a 1984 resolution critical of the U.S. mining of Nicaraguan harbors .')))

Input: Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Courter is any differences with Mr. .','Kean forces play down Courter .' ), 'This history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government .')

Input: Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps , Mr. Courter actively courts minority voters but seems oddly over his head .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Courter is Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps , Courter actively courts minority voters .','Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps , Courter seems oddly over his head .'))

Input: He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When he is presented with a poster celebrating the organization 's 20th anniversary , he recognizes a photograph of one of the founders and recalls time spent together in Camden .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('He is presented with a poster .','A poster was celebrating the organization 's 20th anniversary .' )CO/LIST('He recognizes a photograph of one of the founders .', SUB/ELABORATION('He recalls time .','Time was spent together in Camden .')))

Input: His base in South Jersey and on the House Energy and Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Monmouth , an important swing area , Republican freeholders now run on a slogan promising to keep the county clean and green .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Monmouth is an important swing area .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Monmouth .','Republican freeholders now run on a slogan .' ), 'A slogan is promising to keep the county clean and green .'))

Input: Mr. Florio savors this vindication , but at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Florio is Mr. .','Florio savors this vindication .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at age 52 .','The congressman is also a product of his times and losses .'))

Input: He speaks for the death penalty as if reading from Exodus 21 ; to increase state revenue he focuses not on taxes but on audits to cut waste .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He speaks for the death penalty .','He reading from Exodus 21 .' )SUB/PURPOSE('This is to increase state revenue .','He focuses not on taxes but on audits to cut waste .'))

Input: Hard-hitting consultants match ads with Mr. Courter 's team , and Mr. Florio retools himself as the lean , mean Democratic fighting machine of the 1990s .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Courter is ads with Mr. .','Hard-hitting consultants match Courter 's team .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Florio is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as the lean , mean Democratic fighting machine of the 1990s .','Florio retools himself .')))

Input: Appealing to a young audience , he scraps an old reference to Ozzie and Harriet and instead quotes the Grateful Dead .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He is appealing to a young audience .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to Ozzie and Harriet .','He scraps an old reference .' ), 'He instead quotes the Grateful Dead .'))

Input: The Democratic lawmaker fits a pattern of younger reformers arising out of old machines , but his ties to Camden remain a sore point because of the county 's past corruption .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The Democratic lawmaker fits a pattern of younger reformers .','Younger reformers are arising out of old machines .' ), 'His ties to Camden remain a sore point because of the county 's past corruption .')

Input: Pasquale Pignatelli , an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band , speaks sadly of Mr. Florio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Florio is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Pasquale Pignatelli is an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band .','Pasquale Pignatelli speaks sadly of Florio .'))

Input: Bill Wames Sr. , 72 , is Catholic too , but unfazed by Mr. Florio 's stand on abortion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Florio is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bill Wames Sr. is 72 .','Bill Wames Sr. is Catholic too , but unfazed by Florio 's stand on abortion .'))

Input: A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears a Sons of Italy jacket and cap celebrating The US 1 Band .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears a Sons of Italy jacket .','A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears cap .' )CO/LIST('A Sons of Italy jacket are celebrating The US 1 Band .',', Cap are celebrating The US 1 Band .'))

Input: We 've had whopping declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , said Jay Woodworth , chief domestic economist at Bankers Trust Co. in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices .',', Consumer prices were soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year .' ), 'The subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % .')

Input: The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about lower interest rates .', SUB/ELABORATION('The steep climb in producer prices fostered pessimism .','Producer prices were reported last Friday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The steep climb in producer prices contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day .','Producer prices were reported last Friday .')))

Input: Excluding the volatile categories of energy and food -- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % in September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was excluding the volatile categories of energy and food .','-- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % .'))

Input: Since the start of the decade , lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year on average , compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on average .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since the start of the decade .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s .','Lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year .')))

Input: But another big problem has been the aging of baby boomers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young and daring and many baby boomers have outgrown skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after all .',', Skiing has mainly been for the young and daring .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Many baby boomers have outgrown skiing to stick with the sport .','Many baby boomers have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport .'))

Input: But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by showing a woman smiling as she tries to get up from a fall .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the new commercials deal with it indirectly by .', CO/LIST('But the new commercials are showing a woman .', SUB/ELABORATION('But the new commercials are smiling .',', She tries to get up from a fall .')))

Input: The ad campaign represents an unusual spirit of cooperation among resorts and ski equipment makers ; normally , they only run ads hyping their own products and facilities .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is among resorts .','This is among ski equipment makers .' ), 'The ad campaign represents an unusual spirit of cooperation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is normally .','They only run ads hyping their own products and facilities .'))

Input: But in these crunch times for the ski industry , some resorts , such as the Angel Fire , Red River and Taos ski areas in New Mexico , have even started shuttle-busing skiers to each other 's slopes and next year plan to sell tickets good for all local lifts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to each other 's slopes .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was such as the Angel Fire , Red River and Taos ski areas in New Mexico .','But in these crunch times for the ski industry , some resorts have even started shuttle-busing skiers .' ), 'But in these crunch times for the ski industry , next year plan to sell tickets good for all local lifts .'))

Input: Since 40 % of skiers are parents , many slopes are building nurseries , expanding ski schools and adding entertainment for kids .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('40 % of skiers are parents .', CO/LIST('Many slopes are building nurseries .','Many slopes are expanding ski schools .','Many slopes are adding entertainment for kids .'))

Input: Vail , Colo. , now has a playland that looks like an old mining town ; kids can ski through and pan for fool 's gold .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Vail is Colo. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Vail now has a playland .','A playland looks like an old mining town .' )CO/LIST('Kids can ski through .','Kids can pan for fool 's gold .')))

Input: For $ 15 , they can enjoy their own nightly entertainment , with dinner , without mom and dad .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for $ 15 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with dinner .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is without mom and dad .','They can enjoy their own nightly entertainment .')))

Input: Most parents who had to go through that never came back , says Michael Shannon , president of Vail Associates Inc. , which owns and operates the Vail and nearby Beaver Creek resorts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And resorts are adding other amenities , such as pricey restaurants , health spas and vacation packages with a twist .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a twist .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as pricey restaurants .','This is such as health spas .','This is such as vacation packages .' ), 'And resorts are adding other amenities .'))

Input: The ski industry hopes to increase the number of skiers by 3.5 million to about 21.7 million in the next five years with its latest ads and promotions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to about 21.7 million .','This is by 3.5 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with its latest ads and promotions .','The ski industry hopes to increase the number of skiers in the next five years .'))

Input: For one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day and equipment prices are rising .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for one thing .','It may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for one thing .','A lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for one thing .','Equipment prices are rising .'))

Input: And most vacationers still prefer a warm climate for their winter excursions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They did n't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled , and they did n't play it on Wednesday or Thursday either .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Tuesday night as scheduled .','They did n't play the third game of the World Series .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Wednesday or Thursday .','They did n't play it either .'))

Input: But you knew that , did n't you ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is On Sports , so I feel obliged to do so .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake .', SUB/ELABORATION('The name of this column is On Sports .','I feel obliged to do so .'))

Input: As soon as the tremor passed , many people spontaneously arose and cheered , as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as soon as the tremor passed .','Many people spontaneously arose .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as soon as the tremor passed .','Many people spontaneously cheered .' ), 'It had been a novel kind of pre-game show .'))

Input: One fan , seated several rows in front of the open , upper-deck auxiliary press section where I was stationed , faced the assembled newsies and laughingly shouted , We arranged that just for you guys !
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One fan faced the assembled newsies and laughingly shouted , We arranged that just for you guys ! .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in front of the open , upper-deck auxiliary press section .','I was stationed .' ), 'One fan was seated several rows .'))

Input: I 'd slept through my only previous brush with natural disaster , a tornado 15 or so summers ago near Traverse City , Mich. , so I was unprepared for one reaction to such things : the urge to talk about them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Traverse City is Mich. .','I 'd slept through my only previous brush with natural disaster , a tornado 15 or so summers ago near Traverse City .' ), 'I was unprepared for one reaction to such things : the urge to talk about them .')

Input: Dictates of good sense to the contrary not withstanding , the general inclination was to believe that the disturbance would be brief and that ball would be played .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I guess I thought , This is the World Series and I 'm not gon na wimp out !
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i guess .','I thought ! .' ), 'This is the World Series ! .','I 'm not gon na wimp out ! .')

Input: The only frenzy I saw was commercial : Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators who saw future profit in the items .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The only frenzy was commercial .','I saw The only frenzy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Booths selling World Series commemorative stamps and dated postmarks were besieged by fledgling speculators .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the items .','Fledgling speculators saw future profit .')))

Input: With Garpian randomness , a hotel across the street , the Amfac , had been hit harder : A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The street was the Amfac .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Garpian randomness .','A hotel across the street had been hit harder .' ), 'A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away .'))

Input: My response was that sports rarely are important , only diverting , and the quake merely highlighted that fact .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('My response was .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is only .',', Sports rarely are important diverting .' ), 'The quake merely highlighted that fact .'))

Input: The quake and baseball were n't related , unlike the massacre of athletes that attended the 1972 Olympics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was unlike the massacre of athletes .','The quake and baseball were n't related .' ), 'Athletes attended the 1972 Olympics .')

Input: That heavily politicized event learned nothing from the horrifying experience , and seems doomed to repeat it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the horrifying experience .','That heavily politicized event learned nothing .' ), 'That heavily politicized event seems doomed to repeat it .')

Input: This has been widely dubbed the BART Series , after the local subway line , and the Bay Bridge Series .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was after the local subway line .','This was after the Bay Bridge Series .' ), 'This has been widely dubbed the BART Series .')

Input: Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti , the late baseball commissioner , and now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bart Giamatti is the late baseball commissioner .','Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti .' ), 'Now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins .')

Input: It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without off days .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It now will be played mostly for the record .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without off days .','It now should be wrapped up as quickly as possible .'))

Input: And I will never again complain about a rainout .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That was seen as an advantage in lobbying airline employees and Washington regulators for approval of the contested takeover .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in .','That was seen as an advantage .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for approval of the contested takeover .', CO/LIST('That was lobbying airline employees .','That was lobbying Washington regulators .')))

Input: Charles Nathan , co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Charles Nathan is co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Charles Nathan says .','It is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs .'))

Input: David Batchelder , a mergers adviser in La Jolla , Calif. , who aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('La Jolla was Calif. .','David Batchelder was a mergers adviser in La Jolla .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what David Batchelder says .','Banks have been preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing .' ), 'La Jolla , Calif. aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year .'))

Input: Another 20 % of the borrowed funds would come from the sale to investors of junk bonds , which offer less security and typically carry higher yields than bank loans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to investors of junk bonds .','Another 20 % of the borrowed funds would come from the sale .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is than bank loans .','Another 20 % of the borrowed funds would carry higher yields .' ), 'Junk bonds offer less security .'))

Input: But Mr. Batchelder says that Citicorp 's failure to deliver on its promise to raise the UAL bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group is very distressing to potential users of a highly-confident letter from commercial banks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Batchelder is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Batchelder says .',', Citicorp 's failure to deliver on its promise to raise the UAL bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group is very distressing to potential users of a highly-confident letter from commercial banks .'))

Input: But he warns that banks will have to have enough discipline not to make loans that are too risky .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he warns .', SUB/ELABORATION('Banks will have to have enough discipline not to make loans .','Loans are too risky .'))

Input: Arthur Fleischer Jr. , a takeover lawyer at Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson , notes that a political and emotional bias has developed against junk bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A takeover lawyer at Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson was Arthur Fleischer Jr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Arthur Fleischer Jr. notes .','A political and emotional bias has developed against junk bonds .'))

Input: But some observers believe Paramount Chairman Martin Davis wanted to avoid the possible taint of being perceived as a corporate raider in his controversial bid for Time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Martin Davis was Paramount Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some observers believe .','Martin Davis wanted to avoid the possible taint of being perceived as a corporate raider in his controversial bid for Time .'))

Input: The success of the NWA financing , and the failure of the UAL deal , also seem to highlight the important new role in takeover financing being played by Japanese banks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in takeover financing .','Takeover financing was being played by Japanese banks .' )CO/LIST('The success of the NWA financing also seem to highlight the important new role .','The failure of the UAL deal , also seem to highlight the important new role .'))

Input: But it was broad-scale rejection by Japanese banks that helped seal the fate of the attempt to buy UAL .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Japanese banks .','But it was broad-scale rejection .' ), 'Japanese banks helped seal the fate of the attempt to buy UAL .')

Input: Citicorp and Chase are attempting to put together a new , lower bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Takanori Mizuno , chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc. , a Tokyo research center on finance and economics , says , The junk bond market became very jittery , and there 's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Financial Affairs Inc. are a Tokyo research center on finance and economics .','Takanori Mizuno is chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc. .' ), 'Takanori Mizuno says .' )CO/LIST('There 's a fear of a coming recession .','There 's a fear of the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies .'))

Input: But when Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group 's filing procedures , the Rochester , N.Y. , investor said we complied with every law , and he denied any wrongdoing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group 's filing procedures .','But , the Rochester , N.Y. , investor said we complied with every law .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group 's filing procedures .','But , he denied any wrongdoing .'))

Input: The Glazer group said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing in early October that it may seek a controlling interest in Harley-Davidson , or seek representation on the company 's board .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Glazer group said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing in early October .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It may seek a controlling interest in Harley-Davidson .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the company 's board .','It may seek representation .')))

Input: Harley has said it does n't intend to be acquired by the Glazer group or any other party .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Harley has said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It does n't intend to be acquired by the Glazer group .','It does n't intend to be acquired by any other party .'))

Input: Inland Steel Industries Inc. , battered by lower volume and higher costs , posted a 75 % drop in third-quarter earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Inland Steel Industries Inc. posted a 75 % drop in third-quarter earnings .', CO/LIST('Inland Steel Industries Inc. were battered by lower volume .','Inland Steel Industries Inc. were battered by higher costs .'))

Input: Third-quarter shipments slipped 7 % from the year-ago period , and 17 % from this year 's second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from the year-ago period .','This was from 17 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from this year 's second quarter .','Third-quarter shipments slipped 7 % .'))

Input: Profit of steel shipped for the company 's steel segment slid to $ 26 a ton , from $ 66 a ton a year earlier and $ 57 a ton a quarter earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from $ 66 a ton a year earlier a quarter earlier .','This was from $ 57 a ton a quarter earlier .' ), 'Profit of steel slid to $ 26 a ton .' ), ', Steel was shipped for the company 's steel segment .')

Input: Charles Bradford , an analyst with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , said higher prices for galvanized and cold-rolled products offset lower prices for bar , hot-rolled and structural steel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Charles Bradford was an analyst with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Charles Bradford said .','Higher prices for galvanized and cold-rolled products offset lower prices for bar , hot-rolled and structural steel .'))

Input: Inland Chairman Frank W. Luerssen said the company 's short-term outlook is clouded by uncertainties in the economy and financial markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Frank W. Luerssen was Inland Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Frank W. Luerssen said .', CO/LIST('The company 's short-term outlook is clouded by uncertainties in the economy .','The company 's short-term outlook is clouded by uncertainties in financial markets .')))

Input: When things are quiet -LRB- low volatility -RRB- , the structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient and still perform their functions adequately .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Things are quiet -LRB- low volatility -RRB- .', CO/CONTRAST('The structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient .','The structures on which markets stand can perform their functions adequately .'))

Input: Investors lack equal access to the markets ' trading arena and its information .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to the markets ' trading arena .','This is to its information .' ), 'Investors lack equal access .')

Input: In today 's markets , specialists -LRB- on the New York Stock Exchange -RRB- and upstairs market makers -LRB- in the over-the-counter market -RRB- are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in today 's markets .', CO/LIST(', Specialists -LRB- on the New York Stock Exchange -RRB- are the only market participants .','Upstairs market makers -LRB- in the over-the-counter market -RRB- are the only market participants .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the price-determination process .','The only market participants were allowed to play a direct role .')))

Input: And when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system -LRB- the way prices are determined -RRB- becomes flawed or is lost entirely for a time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cash was futures or options .', SUB/ELABORATION('Any component of the market -- cash -- loses liquidity .', CO/DISJUNCTION('And , the price discovery system -LRB- the way prices are determined -RRB- becomes flawed .','And , the price discovery system -LRB- the way prices are determined -RRB- is lost entirely for a time .')))

Input: When that happened , seismic tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- coursed through the market and increased the market 's volatility .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That happened .', CO/LIST(', Seismic tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- coursed through the market .',', Seismic tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- increased the market 's volatility .'))

Input: When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve -LRB- buy and sell orders at various prices -RRB- be made available to all , not just to market makers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Market tremors start .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is crucial .','Much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve -LRB- buy and sell orders at various prices -RRB- be made available to all , not just to market makers .'))

Input: Because of a lack of information and access , many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed , because of their ignorance of important market information .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was because of a lack of information and access .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was because of their ignorance of important market information .','Many investors -- including the very ones -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed .' )CO/LIST('The very ones 's buying could restore stability .','The very ones 's buying could damp volatility .')))

Input: To add aftershock-damping power to America 's markets , a modern , electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena -LRB- and the information that would automatically accompany such access -RRB- by investors -- particularly institutional investors .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to add aftershock-damping power to America 's markets .', SUB/ELABORATION('A modern , electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena -LRB- and the information -RRB- by investors -- particularly institutional investors .','The information would automatically accompany such access .'))

Input: Contrary to some opinions , the trading activities of specialists and other market makers do not provide liquidity to the market as a whole .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the market as a whole .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is contrary to some opinions .','The trading activities of specialists and other market makers do not provide liquidity .'))

Input: Market makers buy what investors wish to sell ; their business is reselling these unwanted positions as quickly as possible to other investors , and at a profit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Market makers buy .','Investors wish to sell .' ), 'Their business is reselling these unwanted positions as quickly as possible to other investors , and at a profit .')

Input: Investors and professionals alike would compete on the level playing field Congress sought and called a national market system -LRB- not yet achieved -RRB- almost 15 years ago when it passed the Securities Reform Act of 1975 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress was the level playing field .', SUB/ELABORATION('Investors and professionals alike would compete on Congress .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Congress was sought .',', Congress was called a national market system -LRB- not yet achieved -RRB- .' ), 'It passed the Securities Reform Act of 1975 .')))

Input: Were we smart or just lucky ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a nutshell , pros advise investors who expect a slowdown to hold fewer stocks than usual and to favor shares of big companies in defensive industries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a nutshell .','Pros advise investors .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is than usual .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in defensive industries .','Investors expect a slowdown to hold fewer stocks and to favor shares of big companies .')))

Input: But that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But that may not be possible .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by surprise .','Recessions often take investors .'))

Input: But short-term bonds ca n't rise too much , because everyone knows they will be redeemed at a preset price fairly soon .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But short-term bonds ca n't rise too much .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what everyone knows .','They will be redeemed at a preset price fairly soon .'))

Input: But not just any bonds will do .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But a few experts , going against the consensus , do n't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the offing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But a few experts do n't think .','A few experts are going against the consensus .' )SUB/CONDITION('Bonds would help investors .','A recession is in the offing .'))

Input: Instead , Mr. Beach says , investors probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and Treasury bills .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('Beach is Mr. .','Instead , Beach says , investors probably should be carrying a very high level of cash .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as money-market funds .','This is as Treasury bills .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is by cash .','He means such so-called cash equivalents .')))

Input: He is n't sure a recession is coming , but says the other likely alternative -- reignited inflation -- is just as bad .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He is n't sure a recession is coming .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','The other likely alternative -- reignited inflation -- is just as bad .'))

Input: A soft landing is n't something that can be achieved once and for all , Mr. Confair adds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('A soft landing is n't something .',', Something can be achieved once .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Confair is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for all .',', Confair adds .')))

Input: He believes that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Greenspan is Fed Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .', SUB/ELABORATION('The task facing Alan Greenspan is so difficult .','It resembles juggling a double-bladed ax .' ), 'A buzz saw .')))

Input: And , in a sense , that 's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a sense .','And face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios .' ), 'A sense 's the kind of task individuals .')

Input: For people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad , stocks have been rewarding long-term investments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for people .',', Stocks have been rewarding long-term investments .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is through good times .','This is through bad .' ), 'People can ride out market waves .'))

Input: Most studies show that buy-and-hold investors historically have earned an annual return from stocks of 9 % to 10 % , including both dividends and price appreciation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Most studies show .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from stocks of 9 % to 10 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including both dividends and price appreciation .','Buy-and-hold investors historically have earned an annual return .')))

Input: That 's well above what bonds or bank certificates have paid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investors who listened , and lightened up on stocks , have just hurt themselves , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Investors , have just hurt themselves .', CO/LIST('Investors listened .','Investors lightened up on stocks .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: Mr. Katz adds that people who jump in and out of the stock market need to be right about 70 % of the time to beat a buy-and-hold strategy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Katz is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Katz adds .', SUB/ELABORATION('People need to be right about 70 % of the time to beat a buy-and-hold strategy .','People jump in and out of the stock market .')))

Input: And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is over time .','The sudden spurts account for much of the stock market 's gains .'))

Input: Unfortunately , though , recessions vary enough in length so that the average ca n't reliably be used to guide investors in timing stock sales or purchases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is though .','Unfortunately recessions vary enough in length .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in timing stock sales or purchases .','The average ca n't reliably be used to guide investors .'))

Input: Food , tobacco , drugs and utilities are the classic examples .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Recession is people .','Not is people .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Recession eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick .','Not still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick .'))

Input: But while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties , even as junk-bond prices rose .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The overall market improved .', SUB/ELABORATION('But , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties .','Junk-bond prices rose .'))

Input: And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. that was still being negotiated late last night .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. .','And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering .' ), ', Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. was still being negotiated late last night .')

Input: But several mutual-fund managers , nervous about the deteriorating quality of their junk-bond portfolios and shy about buying new issues , said they 're staying away from any junk security that is n't considered first rate for its class .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what several mutual-fund managers , nervous about the deteriorating quality of their junk-bond portfolios and shy about buying new issues , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They 're staying away from any junk security .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for its class .','Any junk security is n't considered first rate .')))

Input: That would leave the Blackstone fund with a 60 % stake and Donaldson Lufkin with 15 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is with a 60 % stake .','This is with Donaldson Lufkin with 15 % .' ), 'That would leave the Blackstone fund .')

Input: Despite the problems with new issues , high-yield bonds showed gains in the secondary , or resell , market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the secondary , or resell , market .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite the problems with new issues .','High-yield bonds showed gains .'))

Input: Junk bonds ended about one-half point higher with so-called high-quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership rising one point .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Treasury market , the benchmark 30-year bond rose seven-eighths point , or $ 8.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Treasury market .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The benchmark 30-year bond rose seven-eighths point .','The benchmark 30-year bond rose $ 8.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount .'))

Input: But there were also rumors yesterday that several Japanese institutional investors were shifting their portfolios and buying long-term bonds while selling shorter-term Treasurys .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there were also rumors yesterday .', CO/LIST(', Several Japanese institutional investors were shifting their portfolios .', CO/CONTRAST(', Several Japanese institutional investors were buying long-term bonds while .',', Several Japanese institutional investors were selling shorter-term Treasurys .')))

Input: Dealers said junk bond issues on average were up by 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with so-called quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership posting one-point gains .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', CO/LIST('Junk bond issues on average were up by 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with so-called quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. posting one-point gains .','Junk bond issues on average were up by 1\/4 to 1\/2 point with so-called quality issues from Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership posting one-point gains .'))

Input: Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market .', CO/LIST('A series of sell lists hit the Street .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the sector .','A series of sell lists capped upward price movement .')))

Input: According to market participants , the bonds were met with decent bids , but the volume of paper left high grades in the 10-year and under maturity range unchanged to 0.05 percentage point higher in yield .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to market participants .','The bonds were met with decent bids .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 10-year and under maturity range .','The volume of paper left high grades unchanged to 0.05 percentage point higher in yield .'))

Input: Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 98 6\/32 , up 9\/32 , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 97 10\/32 , up 6\/32 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 9\/32 .','Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 986\/32 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 6\/32 .','Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 9710\/32 .'))

Input: Well , how about a loan , he 'll take your name and address ...
Prediction: NONE

Input: But healthy skepticism vanishes when they are solicited by an organized charity to help fight cancer , famine , child abuse , or what have you .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But healthy skepticism vanishes .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was or .','They are solicited by an organized charity to help fight cancer , famine , child abuse .' ), 'Fight cancer , famine , child abuse , or have you .'))

Input: But the problem clearly is widespread and persistent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds .','Funds were going to work for which the charity was supposedly established .' ), 'The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB was measuring them .'))

Input: Without a microscope and a subpoena , it 's often hard to sort out worthwhile causes from ripoffs if all you 've got to go on is the solicitation itself .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is without a microscope .','This is without a subpoena .' ), 'It 's often hard to sort out worthwhile causes from ripoffs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('All is the solicitation itself .','You 've got to go on All .'))

Input: Including those , he contends , who put about $ 1 million into the kitty for the Connecticut Association of Concerned Veterans and the Vietnam Veterans Service Center .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including those .', CO/LIST('He contends , who put about $ 1 million into the kitty for the Connecticut Association of Concerned Veterans .','He contends , who put about $ 1 million into the kitty for the Connecticut Association of the Vietnam Veterans Service Center .'))

Input: The charity admits spending a lot on fund raising , but says that was necessary to establish a donor base it can tap at much lower cost in years to come .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on fund raising .','The charity admits spending a lot .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the charity says .', SUB/PURPOSE('Was necessary to establish a donor base it can tap at much lower cost in years .','This is to come .')))

Input: State laws previously used as a yardstick minimum percentages of income -- usually half -- that had to be spent on the program rather than overhead , but these have been overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', State laws previously used as a yardstick minimum percentages of income -- usually half -- .','Minimum percentages of income -- usually half -- had to be spent on the program rather than overhead .' ), 'These have been overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court .')

Input: The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years , and the enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past couple of years .','The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business .' ), 'The enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere .')

Input: Attorneys general in several states , including Illinois , are already suing Watson & Hughey Co. , an Alexandria , Va.-based outfit that they say has used deceptive sweepstakes ads to solicit donations for the American Heart Disease Foundation and the Cancer Fund of America .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Watson & Hughey Co. was an Alexandria , Va.-based outfit .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was including Illinois .', CO/LIST('Attorneys general in several states are already suing Watson & Hughey Co. that they say has used deceptive sweepstakes ads to solicit donations for the American Heart Disease Foundation .','Attorneys general in several states are already suing Watson & Hughey Co. that they say has used deceptive sweepstakes ads to solicit the Cancer Fund of America .')))

Input: But the total value of the prizes was only $ 5,000 and most winners will receive just 10 cents , according to the attorney general 's office .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the attorney general 's office .','But the total value of the prizes was only $ 5,000 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to the attorney general 's office .','But most winners will receive just 10 cents .'))

Input: The solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health or other issue .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the solicitation material indicates .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health .','Donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about other issue .'))

Input: Many fly-by-night charities ride the coattails of the biggest , best-known and most reputable ones by adopting names similar to theirs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is best-known .','Many fly-by-night charities ride the coattails of the biggest and most reputable ones .' ), 'Many fly-by-night charities are adopting names similar to theirs .'))

Input: The established charities are bothered by this but say they can do little about it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The established charities are bothered by this .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the established charities say .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is about it .','They can do little .')))

Input: Most of them do n't last for long , but in the meantime all we can do is tell people they are n't connected with us , says a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A couple in Rockford , Ill. , raised $ 12,591 earlier this year using the name and logo of Mothers Against Drunk Driving , without permission from the group .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was without permission from the group .','A couple in Rockford , Ill. , raised $ 12,591 earlier this year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was without permission from the group .','A couple in Rockford , Ill. , was using the name and logo of Mothers Against Drunk Driving .'))

Input: The couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left Rockford , law enforcement officials report .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The couple could n't be reached for comment .','The couple apparently have left Rockford .' ), 'This is what Law enforcement officials report .')

Input: Company officials said later that British Airways believes its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday when the buy-out group , which also includes UAL 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what company officials said later .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what British Airways believes .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday .','The buy-out group failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction .' ), 'The buy-out group also includes UAL 's management and pilot union .')))

Input: However , company officials said they plan to take no initiatives to resurrect the transaction , and are n't aware of any restructured bid in the making .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what company officials said .', CO/LIST('They plan to take no initiatives to resurrect the transaction .','They are n't aware of any restructured bid in the making .'))

Input: The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The transaction has had a series of setbacks .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('This was with no signs or statements from the buy-out group .','This was to indicate that any progress has taken place .' ), 'The financing problems became known last Friday .'))

Input: In an effort to derail the buy-out , the union has already called for investigations by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Transportation Department and Labor Department .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the Securities and Exchange Commission , Transportation Department and Labor Department .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an effort to derail the buy-out .','The union has already called for investigations .'))

Input: The pilot union , the only one to support the buy-out thus far , said the flight attendants ' decision enforces our belief that an all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The pilot union was the only one to support the buy-out thus far .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the pilot union said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The flight attendants ' decision enforces our belief .','An all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable .')))

Input: The leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for .','The leaders expressed support .' ), 'The leaders were trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison .')

Input: The buy-out fell through after Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion in financing needed for the plan .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The buy-out fell through after Citicorp .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Chase Manhattan Corp. was the lead banks in the transaction .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in financing .','Financing was needed for the plan .' ), ', Chase Manhattan Corp. failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion .')))

Input: Sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic destinations increased 16.6 % in the January-June period from a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the January-June period .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .',', Sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic destinations increased 16.6 % .'))

Input: The plan was complete except for finishing touches , and there was talk that it would be unveiled as early as yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The plan was complete except for finishing touches .', SUB/ELABORATION('There was talk .','It would be unveiled as early as yesterday .'))

Input: Afterward , leaders of the dissident Democrats relented , and said they would n't offer their own proposal as they had planned .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was afterward .','Leaders of the dissident Democrats relented .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what leaders of the dissident Democrats said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They would n't offer their own proposal .','They had planned .')))

Input: He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST('A clear majority of senators back the tax reduction .', SUB/ELABORATION('That ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle .','The Democratic leadership might erect any procedural hurdle .')))

Input: But Sen. Mitchell , buoyed by his victory among fellow Democrats , strongly disagreed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitchell was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Mitchell strongly disagreed .','Mitchell was buoyed by his victory among fellow Democrats .'))

Input: That vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill , now being drafted by House and Senate negotiators .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Some other bill is perhaps a measure .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A measure is raising the federal borrowing limit .','A measure is raising a second tax bill .' ), 'Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill .' ), 'A second tax bill would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation .'))

Input: The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Packwood is Sen. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to push .','This is to Packwood 's .','This is to at least some of the dissident Democrats plan .' ), 'The president apparently will have only one bill .' ), 'This is to support it .'))

Input: The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home .','This was from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of education expenses .','This was from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of medical expenses .' ), 'The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA .')

Input: The producer and marketer of low-sulfur coal said net income for the quarter was $ 5.9 million , or 71 cents a share , on revenue of $ 145.4 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the producer and marketer of low-sulfur coal said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 145.4 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income for the quarter was $ 5.9 million .','Net income for the quarter was 71 cents a share .')))

Input: For the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 520,000 or six cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the year-earlier period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company reported a loss of $ 520,000 .','The company reported six cents a share .'))

Input: In the latest nine months , the company earned $ 8.5 million , or $ 1.03 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the latest nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 8.5 million .','The company earned $ 1.03 a share .'))

Input: In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and good natural conditions in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pemberton Hutchinson was president and chief executive .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an interview .', CO/LIST('Pemberton Hutchinson cited several reasons for the improvement .','Pemberton Hutchinson cited higher employee productivity .','Pemberton Hutchinson cited good natural conditions in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest .')))

Input: The operating territory includes coal terminals on the Ohio River and in Newport News , Va .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Newport News is Va .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is on the Ohio River and in Newport News .','The operating territory includes coal terminals .'))

Input: Marginal operations and assets have been sold .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think the ship is now righted , the bilges are pumped and we are on course , Mr. Hutchinson said of the restructuring program .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hutchinson was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','The ship is now righted .' ), 'The bilges are pumped .','We are on course .' ), 'This was what Hutchinson said of the restructuring program .'))

Input: One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One difference , he said , is .', CO/LIST('The fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays .','The fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of the hunting season .'))

Input: Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be solidly profitable for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring more of the same .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hutchinson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was nevertheless .','Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be solidly profitable for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring more of the same .'))

Input: Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of that amount .','$ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was of that amount .','The rest was for the building itself .'))

Input: Chase is vacating 1.1 million square feet of space , and Salomon Brothers Inc. , whose headquarters is in the building , also plans to move shortly .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Chase is vacating 1.1 million square feet of space .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Salomon Brothers Inc. also plans to move shortly .',', Salomon Brothers Inc. 's headquarters is in the building .'))

Input: The author of the futuristic novel 1984 invented a language called Newspeak that made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought -- that is , anything negative about the policies and practices of the state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The author of the futuristic novel 1984 invented .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A language called Newspeak -- .','Newspeak made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought .' )CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Newspeak -- is .','Newspeak made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought .' ), 'Newspeak that made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought -- anything negative about the policies and practices of the state .')))

Input: -LRB- Another much-beloved saying , however , this one in plain English , holds that if something walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it is a duck .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what another much-beloved saying holds .', SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST(', Something walks like a duck .',', Something quacks like a duck .' ), 'It is a duck .'))

Input: At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are financial consultants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is at Merrill Lynch & Co. .','This is at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. .' ), 'They are financial consultants .')

Input: At Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Prudential Bache Securities , and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , they are account executives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. .','This is at Prudential Bache Securities .','This is at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. .' ), 'They are account executives .')

Input: It is a competence and expertise that some brokers themselves , overwhelmed by all the new things being dreamed up for them to peddle , do n't feel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is a competence and expertise that some brokers themselves do n't feel .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some brokers themselves were overwhelmed by all the new things .', SUB/PURPOSE('All the new things were being dreamed up for them .','This was to peddle .')))

Input: This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In others a familiar old name still prevails , but the underlying game has changed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in others .','A familiar old name still prevails .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in others .','The underlying game has changed .'))

Input: Traditional no-loads made their money by charging an annual management fee , usually a modest one ; they imposed no other fees , and many still do n't .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','Traditional no-loads made their money .' ), 'Traditional no-loads were charging an annual management fee , usually a modest one .' )CO/LIST('They imposed no other fees .','Many still do n't .'))

Input: The mutual-fund industry is debating the question , but do n't expect a new name while the old one is working so well .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The mutual-fund industry is debating the question .', CO/CONTRAST('The mutual-fund industry do n't expect a new name .','The old one is working so well .'))

Input: And do n't expect anyone to change the term blue chip , either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was either .','And do n't expect anyone to change the term blue chip even though some of the companies may be riskier investments than they were .' ), 'The companies still enjoy the title .')

Input: Larry Biehl , a money manager in San Mateo , Calif. , blames that on the advent of program trading , in which computers used by big institutional investors are programmed to buy and sell big blocks when certain market conditions prevail .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', San Mateo is Calif. .','Larry Biehl is a money manager in San Mateo .' ), 'Larry Biehl blames that on the advent of program trading .' ), ', Computers used by big institutional investors are programmed to buy and sell big blocks when certain market conditions prevail in program trading .')

Input: Before the takeover mania of the '80s , it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with shrewd management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was especially .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the takeover mania of the '80s .', CO/LIST('It referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks those with shrewd management .','It referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks those with sound fundamentals .','It referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks those with decent prospects .')))

Input: -- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and Use of Proceeds confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('-- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the discipline of a prospectus and Use of Proceeds confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans .','Before new loans were made .'))

Input: -- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans -LRB- the Brady Plan -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('-- The Treasury wisely has refused .', SUB/ELABORATION('-- The Treasury wisely has concluded .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction .','Indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : new loans -LRB- the Brady Plan -RRB- .')))

Input: -- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in truth .','They is lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in truth .','They have no alternative but to go along .')))

Input: Within two days , he was on his way to New York and Tokyo to meet with top brass at Sony .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to New York and Tokyo .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was within two days .','He was on his way .' ), 'This was to meet with top brass at Sony .'))

Input: But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony offer was the culmination of a life 's work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Steven Ross was Warner Communications Inc. chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Guber figured , knowing the Sony offer was the culmination of a life 's work .',', Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go .')))

Input: Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was following fruitless settlement talks .', SUB/ELABORATION('Warner was Last week .','Warner filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit .' ), 'Warner was now merging with Time Inc. .')))

Input: The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides : As one Sony executive puts it , It 's World War III .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides .', SUB/ELABORATION('One Sony executive puts it .','It 's World War III .'))

Input: And they are a very odd team in any case .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Guber was raised in Boston .','Guber was educated in New York .'))

Input: That is a skill Sony badly needs -- and Warner is loath to lose .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sony is a skill .', SUB/ELABORATION('That is .',', Sony badly needs .' ), 'Warner is loath to lose .'))

Input: Although Columbia had a good summer with Ghostbusters II and When Harry Met Sally , rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(', Columbia had a good summer with Ghostbusters II .',', Columbia had When Harry Met Sally .' ), 'Rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office .')

Input: After five years of management turmoil , with four different studio heads , Columbia sorely needs a stable , savvy team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after five years of management turmoil .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with four different studio heads .',', Columbia sorely needs a stable , savvy team .' ), 'This is to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits .'))

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood but they are well connected .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .','Guber and Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood .' ), 'They are well connected .')

Input: Their stock in trade as executive producers is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Their stock in trade as executive producers is sniffing out hot properties .','Their stock in trade as executive producers is locking them up .', SUB/PURPOSE('Their stock in trade as executive producers is then getting big studios .','This is to bankroll and distribute them .'))

Input: Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a Flashdance , or buy rights to a best seller such as The Color Purple .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a Flashdance , or buy rights to a best seller such as The Color Purple .',', Sometimes Guber and Peters do little .'))

Input: It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('It falls to others .','This is to do the writing .' ), 'It is directing and producing .')

Input: On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on that film .','They 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script .' ), 'That film is to start shooting in a few months .')

Input: And when you 're making a movie this big , you need all the help you can get , Mr. De Palma adds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('De Palma is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('You 're making a movie this big .', SUB/ELABORATION('And , you need all the help , De Palma adds .','You can get all the help .')))

Input: Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's and Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in Caddyshack II for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is in Caddyshack II for casting and production problems .','This is in the film 's ultimate dismal failure .' )CO/LIST('Warner executives blame Guber 's .','Warner executives blame Peters 's lack of involvement .')))

Input: But by and large this company has only been profitable .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing is why we 'll be good at Columbia .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('His company 's prowess at packaging and marketing is .','We 'll be good at Columbia .'))

Input: Longtime Hollywood associates describe Mr. Guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two , a man with a flair for deal-making and marketing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The two is a man with a flair for deal-making and marketing .','Longtime Hollywood associates describe Guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two .'))

Input: Mark Johnson , the producer of Rainman , chimes in : He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Mark Johnson is the producer of Rainman .','Mark Johnson chimes in ... .' ), 'He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority ... .')

Input: Mr. Peters , on the other hand , has fewer fans in Hollywood , and his detractors like to characterize him as something of a hot-tempered bully .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Peters is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the other hand .','Peters has fewer fans in Hollywood .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as something of a hot-tempered bully .','His detractors like to characterize him .')))

Input: He came to produce her records and her movies -- A Star Is Born and The Main Event .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('He came to produce her records .','He came to produce her movies -- A Star and The Main Event .' ), 'Is Born A Star .')

Input: Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of Batman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peters was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kim Basinger was ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the making of Batman .','Thrice married but now single , Peters got plenty of Kim Basinger .')))

Input: If there 's a problem , Peter disappears , and all of a sudden Jon shows up .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('There 's a problem .','Peter disappears .' ), 'All of a sudden Jon shows up .')

Input: They got a small piece of the net profits and a screen credit as executive producers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as executive producers .', CO/LIST('They got a small piece of the net profits .','They got a small piece of a screen credit .'))

Input: The two have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive , and Peter is very compulsive , adds Mr. Birnbaum , who is now head of production at News Corp. 's 20th Century Fox Film Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Jon Peters will come barreling into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jon Peters will come barreling into a room .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jon Peters will say .','He 's got a great idea .' ), 'Jon Peters will be gone .')

Input: Universal Studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters and Warner .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Universal Studios was working on a competing film .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Guber Peters and Warner .', CO/LIST('The studio ultimately agreed to co-produce the film .','Its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film .')))

Input: Messrs. Guber and Peters assiduously courted the man 's widow for months , showing her a tape of Gorillas in the Mist to impress her with the quality of their work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Messrs. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for months .','Guber and Peters assiduously courted the man 's widow .' ), 'Guber and Peters assiduously were showing her a tape of Gorillas in the Mist to impress her with the quality of their work .'))

Input: Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation . -RRB- .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is n't earmarked for groups -RRB- .','Groups were trying to save the rain forest .'))

Input: But it is puzzling to some Hollywood executives that Sony rushed to hire them without clearing up the Warner situation first .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it is puzzling to some Hollywood executives .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was without clearing up the Warner situation first .',', Sony rushed to hire them .'))

Input: Some note that Sony might have saved itself some trouble by just hiring Mr. Guber and letting Mr. Peters stay on to fulfill the Warner contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some note .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by just hiring Guber and letting Peters stay on to fulfill the Warner contract .',', Sony might have saved itself some trouble .')))

Input: This business is n't about personalities at the end of the day -- it s about whether the ink is red or black .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This business is n't about personalities at the end of the day .', SUB/ELABORATION('It s about .','The ink is red or black .'))

Input: In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as The Deep , and Midnight Express .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Neil Bogart was record producer .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Casablanca Records and Filmworks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1976 .','He teamed up with Neil Bogart -- later called Polygram Pictures -- .' ), 'They produced such hits as as The Deep , and Midnight Express .')))

Input: While Guber Peters produced a number of hits for Warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for Warner .','This was for others .' ), 'Guber Peters produced a number of hits .' ), 'Their record was n't always so impressive .')

Input: Among their clinkers were The Legend of Billie Jean , VisionQuest , Clue and Clan of the Cave Bear .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They always listened , but they never acted , Mr. Guber says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('They always listened .','They never acted .' ), 'This is what Guber says .'))

Input: In July a year later , Warner agreed to release the producers from their old contract when Messrs. Guber , Peters and Sugarman made a $ 100 million offer to buy 25 % of MGM\/UA .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Messrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from their old contract .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .','A year later , Warner agreed to release the producers when Guber , Peters and Sugarman made a $ 100 million offer to buy 25 % of MGM\/UA .')))

Input: But the MGM plan collapsed just two weeks later .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Guber and Peters say .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the books .','They got a look .' ), 'They balked at the price .')))

Input: Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Barris .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a passive Australian investor .','Last May , he sold his 24 % stake .' ), 'Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co .'))

Input: Meanwhile , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the new five-year exclusive contract .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','Guber and Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement .')))

Input: But it paled by comparison to what Sony was to offer last month : the chance , at last , to run a major studio , about $ 50 million in deferred compensation , up to 10 % of Columbia 's future cash flow , 8 % of the future appreciation of Columbia 's market value , and annual salaries of $ 2.7 million for each .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at last .', CO/LIST('This was to what Sony was to offer last month .','This was to the chance to run a major studio .','This was to about $ 50 million in deferred compensation .','This was to up to 10 % of Columbia 's future cash flow .','This was to 8 % of the future appreciation of Columbia 's market value .','This was to annual salaries of $ 2.7 million for each .' ), 'But it paled by comparison .'))

Input: And earnings have been erratic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Guber and Peters claim .', SUB/ELABORATION('They have an oral agreement with Warner executives .','An oral agreement with Warner executives allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise .')))

Input: Mr. Daly in his affidavit acknowledges that Warner agreed to release the producers last year to take over MGM but says that situation was altogether different .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daly was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Daly in his affidavit acknowledges .', CO/CONTRAST('Warner agreed to release the producers last year to take over MGM .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Warner says .',', Situation was altogether different .'))))

Input: Moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong as it is now .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .','The old contract was about to expire .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .','The lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong .' ), 'It is now .'))

Input: Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights , and it was in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , Mr. Daly said in his affidavit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daly was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights .','It was in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives .' ), 'This was what Daly said in his affidavit .'))

Input: Warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Warner obviously does n't think .', SUB/PURPOSE('It is in its own interests .','This is to let Guber and Peters go off to Columbia .')))

Input: In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to Batman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was projects Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Peters was Guber and Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in any settlement .','Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to Batman .')))

Input: The assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The concept may be simple : Take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('The concept may be simple .', CO/LIST('The concept may Take a bunch of loans .','The concept may tie them up in one neat package .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to investors .','The concept may sell pieces of the package .')))

Input: But the simplicity may be misleading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they warn .', SUB/ELABORATION('Asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing .','The assets and credit backing support them .' ), 'Those are hard to evaluate .'))

Input: Some predict there will be Third World bonds , backed by loans to Brazil , Argentina and other debt-ridden nations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some predict .', SUB/ELABORATION('There will be Third World bonds .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was to Brazil .','This was to Argentina .','This was to other debt-ridden nations .' ), 'Third World bonds were backed by loans .')))

Input: And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as plastic bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('And the biggest volume this year has been on securities .',', Securities were backed by credit-card receivables .' ), ', Credit-card receivables was sometimes known as plastic bonds .')

Input: That includes more than $ 9.5 billion issued through August of this year , up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more than in all of 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That includes more than $ 9.5 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was than in all of 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more .','More than $ 9.5 billion was issued through August of this year .')))

Input: But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into the asset-backed market .','Lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors .'))

Input: The trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- that are underwritten by Wall Street brokerage firms and offered to investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- .', CO/LIST(', Securities -- generally due in five years or less -- are underwritten by Wall Street brokerage firms .',', Securities -- generally due in five years or less -- are offered to investors .'))

Input: Issues typically come with credit enhancements , such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as a bank letter of credit .','Issues typically come with credit enhancements .' ), 'Issues typically thus have received high credit ratings .')

Input: Enthusiasts say the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers , while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what enthusiasts say .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Issuers were while .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to issuers .','The booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds .' ), 'The booming market was providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions .')))

Input: Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is then .','But that is n't of overwhelming importance .'))

Input: Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is moreover .','The interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable .' ), 'Interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level .')

Input: But Mr. Powers has purchased asset-backed issues for individuals with tax-deferred accounts , such as retirement plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Powers was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as retirement plans .','This was for individuals with tax-deferred accounts .' ), 'But Powers has purchased asset-backed issues .'))

Input: Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .', CO/DISJUNCTION('An investor can simply check newspaper listings .',', Corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings .' ), 'An investor wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds .'))

Input: Investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for instance .','Investors may mistakenly assume .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The bank or company is guaranteeing the securities .','The bank or company originally held the assets .'))

Input: The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was only in the specially created trust .','The certificates represent an interest .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The certificates do not represent interests in thereof .','The certificates do not represent obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof .')))

Input: That means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That means .', SUB/ELABORATION('Investors have to focus on the quality of the debt .', CO/LIST('The debt lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue the issue has received .','The debt lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the credit ratings the issue has received .')))

Input: Take the credit enhancements , which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a bond-insurance company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Take the credit enhancements .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from a bond-insurance company .','The credit enhancements typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance .'))

Input: Nor does it cover the entire portfolio .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('You buy an asset-backed issue .', SUB/ELABORATION('You take the risk .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A bank could run into unexpected difficulties .','An insurer could run into unexpected difficulties .')))

Input: If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('A bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations .', SUB/ELABORATION('That could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues .','The bank supports .'))

Input: But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite the high ratings .','But despite the credit enhancements some money managers still worry .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the underlying assets .','A recession could wreak havoc .'))

Input: That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys .','That could widen the yield spread between asset-backed securities .' ), 'That could make it tougher to unload the latter .')

Input: A day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest-quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is U.S. government bonds , says Craig Corcoran of Davis\/Zweig Futures Inc. , an investment advisory firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And it reminds Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. , of what he calls DeVoe 's Unprovable but Highly Probable Theory No. 1 :
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. is a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. .','And it reminds Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. : .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. is a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker Inc. .','He calls DeVoe 's Unprovable but Highly Probable Theory No. 1 of Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. .'))

Input: But only 17.5 % said they had more than half their money in the stock market .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what only 17.5 % said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the stock market .','They had more than half their money .'))

Input: Similarly , 57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund , and 33 % own municipal bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is similarly .', CO/LIST('57 % of respondents own shares in a money-market mutual fund .','57 % of respondents own 33 % own municipal bonds .'))

Input: Nearly half of the respondents -LRB- 47 % -RRB- said their investment portfolio was worth $ 250,000 or more , and 17 % said it was worth $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what nearly half of the respondents -LRB- 47 % -RRB- said .','Their investment portfolio was worth $ 250,000 or more .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what 17 % said .','It was worth $ 1 million or more .'))

Input: Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most own two to 10 stocks .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Most buy .','Most sell no more than three times a year .'))

Input: And the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat lighter than usual .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Health Care Property Investors Inc. said it acquired three long-term care facilities and one assisted-living facility in a purchase-and-lease transaction valued at $ 15 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Health Care Property Investors Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a purchase-and-lease transaction .','A purchase-and-lease transaction was valued at $ 15 million .' )CO/LIST('It acquired three long-term care facilities .','It acquired one assisted-living facility .')))

Input: It said the reduction reflects impaired business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', CO/LIST('The reduction reflects impaired business prospects .','The reduction reflects reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives .'))

Input: Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies is costing U.S. companies billions .','Disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions .' )CO/LIST('Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies is eroding their international competitive advantage .','Disgruntled employees is eroding their international competitive advantage .'))

Input: That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That was the message .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage .','The message was delivered by government and private security experts .'))

Input: Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies , said Noel D. Matchett , a former staffer at the federal National Security Agency and now president of Information Security Inc. , Silver Spring , Md .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association were a joint industry-government trade group .', CO/LIST('The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management .','The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association .'))

Input: Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Even rank amateurs can do it .', CO/LIST('They spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier .','They spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with a VCR recorder .'))

Input: They need only position themselves near a company 's satellite dish and wait .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is near a company 's satellite dish .','They need only position themselves .' ), 'They need only wait .')

Input: The University of Toronto stepped deeper into the contest for Connaught BioSciences Inc. by reaching an unusual agreement with Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','The University of Toronto stepped deeper into the contest for Connaught BioSciences Inc. .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with Ciba-Geigy Ltd. .','This was with Chiron Corp .' ), 'The University of Toronto was reaching an unusual agreement .'))

Input: Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Connaught .',', Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million .' ), 'Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million .')

Input: The university implied that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The university implied .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to foreign ownership .','It would drop its opposition .' ), ', Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid .'))

Input: While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies not currently producing and marketing vaccines -LCB- who -RCB- can only promise this for some ... years in the future .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('He did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy .','He did n't comment directly on the pact between the university .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to Connaught .','Merieux can transfer new products and technologies more rapidly than other companies not currently producing and marketing vaccines -LCB- who -RCB- can only promise this for some ... years in the future .')))

Input: Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume .', CO/LIST('Microsoft surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks .','Other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks .'))

Input: Leading the pack , Microsoft soared 3 3\/4 , or 4 % , to a record price of 84 1\/4 on 1.2 million shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Microsoft was leading the pack .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a record price of 841\/4 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 1.2 million shares .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Microsoft soared 33\/4 .','Microsoft soared 4 % .'))))

Input: The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 470.80 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points .','The Nasdaq composite leaped 1.6 % .'))

Input: The OTC market 's largest stocks soared as well , as the Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 10.01 , or 2 % , to 463.06 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The OTC market 's largest stocks soared as well .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 463.06 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 10.01 .','The Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 2 % .')))

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 460.33 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 .','The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 1.1 % .'))

Input: By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrials and the New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by comparison .', CO/LIST('The Dow Jones Industrials each rose 1.5 % .','The New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % .'))

Input: Jeremiah Mullins , head of OTC trading at Dean Witter Reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Dean Witter Reynolds .','Jeremiah Mullins was head of OTC trading .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jeremiah Mullins said .','Both institutional and retail investors were buying .'))

Input: After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The earnings were announced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share .','He raised his fiscal 1990 estimate .'))

Input: Valley National said its $ 110 million provision for credit losses and $ 11 million provision for other real estate owned is related to weakness in the Arizona real estate market .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Valley National said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its $ 110 million provision for credit losses and $ 11 million provision for other real estate is related to weakness in the Arizona real estate market .','Other real estate was owned .'))

Input: Additionally , Moody 's Investors Service said it downgraded Valley National 's senior debt and confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of not prime .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's Investors Service said .', CO/LIST('It downgraded Valley National 's senior debt .','It confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of not prime .'))

Input: From my orange seat , I looked over the first-base line and the new-mown ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the World Series .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the warm sun of the last few minutes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before what was to have been the third game of the World Series .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from my orange seat .', CO/LIST('I looked over the first-base line .','I looked over the new-mown ball field .'))))

Input: Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Even still , I did feel self-indulgent .', SUB/ELABORATION('Even I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on summer afternoons .','A rich medical colleague would go to watch the Tigers .')))

Input: And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was below .','Players ran out on the field way .' ), 'The stands began to reverberate .')

Input: But then the noise turned into a roar .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Then I noticed .','The overhead light was swaying on its cord .' ), 'Then I realized what had happened .')

Input: But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the lot might split into crevasses .', SUB/ELABORATION('But I had better stand on my car .','My car probably was wider than the average crevasse .'))

Input: Fortunately , the quake was over before I managed to run out and stand naked on the hood .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was fortunately .','The quake was over .' ), 'I managed to run out and stand naked on the hood .')

Input: But for a few minutes there , relief abounded .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And most of us waited for a while for the game to start .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the game .','And most of us waited for a while .' ), 'This was to start .')

Input: It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick .','It was during the quiet exodus .' ), 'I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen .')

Input: The reporters were victims and some of the victims turned into unofficial reporters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The reporters were victims .','The reporters were some of the victims .' ), 'The victims were turned into unofficial reporters .')

Input: The outstanding example of this was the motorist on the Bay Bridge who had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front as it fell into the gap in the roadway .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The outstanding example of this was the motorist on the Bay Bridge .', SUB/ELABORATION('The motorist on the Bay Bridge had the presence of mind to take out a video camera at the absolutely crucial moment and record the car in front .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the roadway .','It fell into the gap .')))

Input: The first thought some investors had was that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it purged its pages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The first thought was .','A red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary .' )SUB/ELABORATION('That 's .','It purged its pages .' ), ', Some investors had The first thought .'))

Input: But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rivkin was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Rivkin insists .', SUB/CAUSE('The 10 pages were n't pulled .','They were too bullish .')))

Input: Instead , he says , they were cautious , and that was n't the message we wanted to deliver on Monday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is instead .','He says .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead .','That was n't the message .' ), 'We wanted to deliver on Monday the message .'))

Input: As Mr. Rivkin explains it , We were raising some caution flags about rate rises in Europe and concerns about the LBO market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rivkin was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rivkin explains it .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was about rate rises in Europe .','This was about concerns about the LBO market .' ), 'We were raising some caution flags .')))

Input: Both before and after the Friday plunge , Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 65 % stocks , 20 % bonds and 15 % cash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was both before and after the Friday plunge .', CO/LIST(', Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 65 % stocks .',', Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 20 % bonds .',', Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 15 % cash .'))

Input: Sheldon B. Lubar , chairman of Lubar & Co. , and John L. Murray , chairman of Universal Foods Corp. , were elected to the board of this engine maker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('John L. Murray was chairman of Universal Foods Corp. .', CO/LIST(', Sheldon B. Lubar was chairman of Lubar & Co. .',', Sheldon B. Lubar was John L. Murray .' ), ', Sheldon B. Lubar were elected to the board of this engine maker .'))

Input: They succeed Robert W. Kasten and John R. Parker , who reached the mandatory retirement age .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('They succeed Robert W. Kasten .','They succeed John R. Parker .' )CO/LIST('Robert W. Kasten reached the mandatory retirement age .','John R. Parker reached the mandatory retirement age .'))

Input: A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would drain state coffers and create severe hardships for urban workers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would drain state coffers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for urban workers .','A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would create severe hardships .'))

Input: Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Experts predict .', CO/LIST('The coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth .','The coming year will be characterized by rising unemployment .','The coming year will be characterized by a widening budget deficit .'))

Input: The economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to two or three days a week .',', Chronic energy and raw-materials shortages force many factories to restrict operations .'))

Input: When the going gets rough , China penalizes the efficient and rewards the incompetent , says a Western economist .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And , because China 's leaders have abandoned plans to drastically reform the economy , it is likely to continue , analysts say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CAUSE(SUB/PURPOSE(', China 's leaders have abandoned plans .','This was to drastically reform the economy .' ), 'And , it is likely to continue .' ), 'This is what analysts say .')

Input: Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu and Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , and Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sichuan was the nation 's agricultural breadbasket .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was including Jiangsu and Zhejiang .','This was including two key coastal areas .','This was including Sichuan .' ), 'Output declined in several provinces .'))

Input: Production in Shanghai , China 's industrial powerhouse and the largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 1.8 % for the month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the month .', CO/LIST('Production in Shanghai fell 1.8 % .',', China 's industrial powerhouse fell 1.8 % .','The largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 1.8 % .'))

Input: The 1986 tax overhaul , the biggest achievement of President Reagan 's second term , is beginning to fall apart , and interest groups are lining up for tax goodies all over Capitol Hill .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Reagan is achievement of President .', SUB/ELABORATION('The biggest Reagan 's second term is the 1986 tax overhaul .','The 1986 tax overhaul is beginning to fall apart .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is all over Capitol Hill .','Interest groups are lining up for tax goodies .')))

Input: Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests : It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for travel and entertainment expenses .','Interests want to protect the tax deduction .'))

Input: The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Farmers were a tax preference .', SUB/PURPOSE('A tax preference allows income .','This was to be spread out over several years .' ), 'The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers .'))

Input: Referring to the chairmen of the Senate and House tax-writing committees , he adds , Next year , every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on Lloyd Bentsen 's door , on Danny Rostenkowski 's door .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He is referring to the chairmen of the Senate and House tax-writing committees .', CO/LIST('He adds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Danny Rostenkowski 's door .','Next year , every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on Lloyd Bentsen 's door .')))

Input: It 's a Swiss-cheese factory and the cheese smells pretty good , commented one veteran lobbyist who was watching the proceedings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In exchange for dramatically lower tax rates , the framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions , deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in exchange for dramatically lower tax rates .','The framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions , deductions and credits .' ), 'The exemptions , deductions and credits gave some taxpayers an advantage over others .')

Input: The goal was to tax people with roughly equivalent incomes equally , and to eliminate the many shelters that allowed the wealthy to escape taxes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with roughly equivalent incomes equally .','The goal was to tax people , and to eliminate the many shelters .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The many shelters allowed the wealthy .','This was to escape taxes .'))

Input: Two of the major ways that tax-writers managed to attain these ends were to scrap the preferential treatment of capital gains and to curtail the use of paper losses , also known as passive losses , that made many tax shelters possible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Two of the major ways that tax-writers managed to attain these ends were to scrap the preferential treatment of capital gains and to curtail the use of paper losses .','Paper losses were also known as passive losses .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The use of paper losses made many tax shelters possible .','The use of paper losses was also known as passive losses .'))

Input: It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It appears likely .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This year was some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration .','Next was some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('This year will be enacted .','Next will be enacted .')))

Input: Other tax benefits probably will be restored and created .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol .', SUB/TEMPORAL(CO/CONTRAST('One recent Saturday morning he was monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of .','One recent Saturday morning he was flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser .' ), 'One recent Saturday morning he was to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School .'))

Input: I 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what I did , the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('I 'm too old to waste a weekend .', SUB/ELABORATION('Juliano is the 48-year-old Mr. .','That 's what I did , Juliano moans .'))

Input: The result , Poodle Springs -LRB- Putnam 's , 288 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- is an entertaining , easy to read and fairly graceful extension of the Marlowe chronicle , full of hard-boiled wisecracks and California color .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His bride is the rich and beautiful Linda Loring , a character who also appeared in Chandler 's The Long Goodbye and Playback .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The rich and beautiful Linda Loring were a character .','A character also appeared in Chandler 's The Long Goodbye and Playback .' ), 'His bride is the rich and beautiful Linda Loring .')

Input: Philip and Linda move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Philip and Linda move into her mansion .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is even .','This is off each other in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman .' ), 'Philip and Linda ca n't keep their hands .'))

Input: He wants to continue being a low-paid private eye , and she wants him to live off the million dollars she 's settled on him .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He wants to continue being a low-paid private eye .', SUB/ELABORATION(', She wants him to live off the million dollars .',', She 's settled on him the million dollars .'))

Input: The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the good cop of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The supporting lineup is solid .','The patter is amusing .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bernie Ohls was the good cop of previous Chandler books .','The good cop of previous Chandler books still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes .' ), 'There 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls .'))

Input: But there are grounds for complaint .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At one point , the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at one point .','The reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at one point .','Marlowe is supposed to be the pro .'))

Input: Contact lenses , tank tops , prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood and the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Contact lenses are tank tops .', CO/LIST(', Contact lenses prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood all seem out of place in the 1950s .',', Contact lenses prostitutes openly working the streets of the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s .'))

Input: But one gets fed up with importing information and news .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Printed in the U.S. and carrying the line The Insider 's Japan , Business Tokyo 's October cover story was The World 's No. 1 Customer -- Japanese women .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tokyo was Business .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Tokyo 's October cover story was printed in the U.S. .','Tokyo 's October cover story was carrying the line The Insider 's Japan .' ), 'Tokyo 's October cover story was The World 's No. 1 Customer -- Japanese women .'))

Input: Keizaikai is one of a small but growing band of Japanese companies taking their first steps into American publishing , after making major investments in entertainment , real estate and banking companies here .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Keizaikai is one of a small but growing band of Japanese companies .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is into American publishing .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is after .','Japanese companies are taking their first steps .' ), 'Japanese companies are making major investments in entertainment , real estate and banking companies here .')))

Input: Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Veronis was the New York-based investment banker .', SUB/PURPOSE('Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers .','This was to study the U.S. market , including Veronis , Suhler & Associates .'))

Input: Japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('It may not be weeks or months .', CO/LIST('They are also opportunistic .', SUB/CONDITION('They feel comfortable .','They will move on a deal .' ), 'This was what he said .')))

Input: In recent months , three big Tokyo-based publishing concerns -- including Nikkei Business Publications , Nikkei Home -LRB- no relation -RRB- , and Magazine House -- applied for membership in Magazine Publishers of America , which represents almost all U.S. consumer magazines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Magazine Publishers of America .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent months .','Three big Tokyo-based publishing concerns -- including Nikkei Business Publications , Nikkei Home -LRB- no relation -RRB- , and Magazine House -- applied for membership .' ), 'Magazine Publishers of America represents almost all U.S. consumer magazines .'))

Input: The magazine was overhauled with the aid of American magazine design gurus Milton Glaser and Walter Bernard , and targets top-level U.S. executives with Japanese and American advertisers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Milton Glaser was American magazine design gurus .', CO/LIST('The magazine was overhauled with the aid of Milton Glaser and Walter Bernard .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with Japanese and American advertisers .','The magazine targets top-level U.S. executives .')))

Input: Susumu Ohara , president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. , publisher of the Japan Economic Journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. was publisher of the Japan Economic Journal .',', Susumu Ohara was president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Susumu Ohara said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine .','He receives telephone calls .')))

Input: Before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before .','They were interested in hard assets .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was before .','They saw magazines as soft .'))

Input: Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .','Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported .','Earnings declines for the period .'))

Input: Revenue dropped 4.3 % to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.4 billion , reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 2.3 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 2.4 billion .','Revenue dropped 4.3 % .' ), 'Revenue was reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division .'))

Input: On a truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company , said Jack MacAllister , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic said net rose 6.5 % , aided by strong growth in the network-services business and an increase in the number of new telephone lines .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic said .', CO/LIST('Net rose 6.5 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the number of new telephone lines .', CO/LIST('Net was aided by strong growth in the network-services business .','Net was aided by strong growth in an increase .'))))

Input: Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % to $ 177.4 million from $ 144.1 million a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 177.4 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 144.1 million a year ago .','Revenue from financial and real-estate services jumped 23 % .'))

Input: At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by 60,000 employees .','This was by lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit .','This was by significantly higher taxes and costs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Nynex .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was primarily because of a continuing strike .','Net slumped 14.8 % .')))

Input: Revenue rose to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.18 billion , mostly from acquisition of AGS Computers and robust non-regulated businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 3.18 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was mostly .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from acquisition of AGS Computers .','This was from acquisition of robust non-regulated businesses .' ), 'Revenue rose to $ 3.31 billion .')))

Input: Southern New England Telecommunications , which bolstered its marketing efforts for telephone and non-telephone subsidiaries , reported that net increased 8.1 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Southern New England Telecommunications reported .','Net increased 8.1 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for telephone and non-telephone subsidiaries .',', Southern New England Telecommunications bolstered its marketing efforts .'))

Input: Walter H. Monteith Jr. , SNET chairman and chief executive officer , said : Innovative marketing of our products and services contributed to increase revenue .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Walter H. Monteith Jr. was SNET chairman and chief executive officer .','Walter H. Monteith Jr. said .' ), 'Innovative marketing of our products and services contributed to increase revenue .')

Input: Revenue and sales increased 7.5 % to $ 423.9 million from $ 394.4 million a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 423.9 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 394.4 million a year earlier .','Revenue and sales increased 7.5 % .'))

Input: Cost and expenses for the quarter , excluding interest , increased 6.1 % to $ 333.3 million from $ 314 million the year before .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 333.3 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 314 million the year before .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was excluding interest .',', Cost and expenses for the quarter increased 6.1 % .')))

Input: Excluding the one-time charges , the company would have posted earnings of $ 298 million , or 73 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was excluding the one-time charges .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company would have posted earnings of $ 298 million .','The company would have posted earnings of 73 cents a share .'))

Input: This is a good quarter for us in terms of our business fundamentals , said Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Amoco Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 39 % to $ 336 million , or 65 cents a share , as gasoline refining and marketing profits lagged substantially behind last year 's record level .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Amoco Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 336 million .','This was to 65 cents a share .' ), 'Third-quarter net income plunged 39 % .' ), 'Gasoline refining and marketing profits lagged substantially behind last year 's record level .'))

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , the Chicago-based oil company earned $ 552 million , or $ 1.07 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Chicago-based oil company earned $ 552 million .','The Chicago-based oil company earned $ 1.07 a share .'))

Input: Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they believe .',', Chemical margins could worsen .'))

Input: It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 35.2 million .','This was from $ 2.66 a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income dropped to $ 15.1 million .','Net income dropped to 98 cents a share .')))

Input: Amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 104 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 5 million , primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , said Chairman Richard M. Morrow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply , to $ 12 million from $ 95 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 95 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 12 million .','But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply .'))

Input: James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Richard J. Hatchett III was a Dallas investment banker .','James F. Gero was former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III .' )CO/LIST('James F. Gero were elected directors of this medical-products concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to seven members .','James F. Gero was boosting the board .')))

Input: Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 4.5 % in 1988 and 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after annual drops .','Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 and 1987 .','Annual drops averaged 4.5 % .'))

Input: For the last two and a half years , retailing has been in a mild recession , says Carl Steidtmann , chief economist at the Columbus , Ohio , consulting firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season in turmoil : Bonwit Teller and B. Altman parent L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code ; B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block ; Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in turmoil .','This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season .' )SUB/ELABORATION('L.J. Hooker Corp. is B. Altman parent .', CO/LIST('Bonwit Teller is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code .','L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code .' ), 'B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block .',', Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block .'))

Input: Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. .',', Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as May Department Stores Co. .',', Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Dillard Department Stores Inc. .' ), ', Stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. should do well .')

Input: But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steidtmann is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Steidtmann predicts .','Healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % .'))

Input: Traditionally , consumers were concerned about ordering after the first of December because they did n't believe they would get it by Christmas , says Adam Strum , chairman of the Wine Enthusiast Inc. , which sells wine cellars and accessories through the mail .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He 's not predicting a blockbuster , but he is more optimistic than three months ago because employment remains strong and inflation low .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He 's not predicting a blockbuster .', SUB/CAUSE('He is more optimistic than three months ago .','Employment remains strong and inflation low .'))

Input: Philip M. Hawley , chairman of Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. , expects sales at department stores open at least a year to rise a modest 3 % to 5 % over last year 's totals , both for his company and the industry in general .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Philip M. Hawley is chairman of Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at department stores open at least a year .','Philip M. Hawley expects sales .' ), 'This is to rise a modest 3 % to 5 % over last year 's totals , both for his company and the industry in general .'))

Input: Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Kinney and Foot Locker shoe stores and other specialty chains -- to rise pretty much in line with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sells is Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Kinney and Foot Locker shoe stores and other specialty chains -- .',', Sells expects fourth-quarter sales .' ), 'This is to rise pretty much in line with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % .'))

Input: Of the 450 survey respondents , 35 % said they expect to spend less buying Christmas gifts this year than last year , while 28 % said they expect to spend more and 37 % said their gift budget would stay the same .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what 35 % said of the 450 survey respondents .', CO/LIST('They expect to spend less buying Christmas gifts this year than last year , while 28 % said they expect to spend more said their gift budget would stay the same .','They expect to spend less buying Christmas gifts this year than last year , while 28 % said they expect to spend 37 % said their gift budget would stay the same .'))

Input: The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Camilo Jose Cela was The Spanish author .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for literature .',', Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee .'))

Input: The lucky ones gaze out at life with serene eyes and smile with a face of innocence at their perfumed happiness .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The lucky ones gaze out at life with serene eyes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at their perfumed happiness .','The lucky ones smile with a face of innocence .'))

Input: Mr. Cela himself was one of the lucky ones , his fortunes steadily increasing over the decades he spent putting out some 70 travelogues , novels , short story collections and poetry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cela was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The lucky ones were his fortunes .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Cela spent putting out some 70 travelogues , novels , short story collections and poetry .','Himself was one of the lucky ones steadily increasing over the decades he Cela .')))

Input: These days , he is as known for his flamboyant tastes and the youthful muse who shares his life as he is for his books .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('These days , he is as known for his flamboyant tastes .','These days , he is as known for the youthful muse .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the youthful muse shares his life .','As he is for his books .'))

Input: The man who wore out his shoes wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 , describing in his travel book Viaje a la Alcarria how he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns , now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The man now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce .', CO/LIST('The man wore out his shoes .','The man was wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the man is describing in his travel book Viaje a la Alcarria .','How he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns .')))

Input: I 've revised it several times and I think I may say with pride that there is not a single discordant word in the whole text .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 've revised it several times .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .', SUB/ELABORATION('I may say with pride .','There is not a single discordant word in the whole text .')))

Input: I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case I feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ...
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('I do n't know the quality of the works ... .','My colleagues have sent in the works .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in any case .', CO/LIST('I feel confident that good sense ... .','I feel confident honest judgment ... .')))

Input: Ashland Oil Inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million , or $ 1.40 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ashland Oil Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in its fiscal fourth quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million .','It will take after-tax charges of $ 1.40 a share .' ), 'Its fiscal fourth quarter was ended Sept. 30 .')))

Input: The oil refiner said it will report fiscal fourth quarter and 1989 results next week .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the oil refiner said .', CO/LIST('It will report fiscal fourth quarter next week .','It will report 1989 results next week .'))

Input: The company earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share , on revenue of $ 2.1 billion in the year-ago fourth quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 2.1 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago fourth quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 66 million .','The company earned $ 1.19 a share .')))

Input: For fiscal 1988 , Ashland had net of $ 224 million , or $ 4.01 a share , on revenue of $ 7.8 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 7.8 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for fiscal 1988 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ashland had net of $ 224 million .','Ashland had net of $ 4.01 a share .')))

Input: It originates in a Bush administration decision not to antagonize the U.S. Congress and avoid , at all costs , being accused of meddling in the region .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress was the U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at all costs .','It originates in a Bush administration decision not to antagonize Congress and avoid being accused of meddling in the region .'))

Input: But other than a few slaps on the wrist , Gen. Noriega went unpunished by that body , too ; he was not even singled out in the closing statement .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Gen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .','But other than a few slaps on the wrist , Noriega went unpunished by that body .' ), 'He was not even singled out in the closing statement .'))

Input: The host , Costa Rican President Oscar Arias , did not invite Chile , Cuba , Panama or Haiti to the summit , which was to be restricted to democracies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Oscar Arias was Costa Rican President .', SUB/ELABORATION('Oscar Arias was the host .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the summit .','The host did not invite Chile , Cuba , Panama or Haiti .' ), 'The summit was to be restricted to democracies .')))

Input: However , relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in delaying the disarming of the Contras .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', CO/LIST('Relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration .','The Contra movement for help was risky business .')))

Input: And even some last-minute phone calls that Mr. Bush made -LRB- at the behest of some conservative U.S. senators -RRB- to enlist backing for the U.S. position failed to stop the march of Mr. Arias 's agenda .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was some last-minute phone .',', Calls that Mr. some last-minute phone .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Arias was the march of Mr. .','And even Bush made -LRB- at the behest of some conservative U.S. senators -RRB- to enlist backing for the U.S. position failed to stop Arias 's agenda .'))

Input: Visiting Nicaragua , he praised the Sandinistas for their electoral system and chided the Bush administration for not rewarding the Sandinistas .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He was visiting Nicaragua .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for their electoral system .','He praised the Sandinistas .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for not rewarding the Sandinistas .','He chided the Bush administration .')))

Input: This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This scheme would fit the Arias Plan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Sandinista dictatorship .','The Arias Plan declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to freely elected governments .','That provided by Washington .')))

Input: Recovering radiophonic sovereignty was the purpose of Radio Costa Rica , funded by the U.S. and affiliated with the Voice of America -LRB- VOA -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A poll conducted in July by a Gallup affiliate showed that 64 % of Costa Ricans believe that if their country is militarily attacked by either Nicaragua or Panama , the U.S. will come to its defense .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A poll conducted in July by a Gallup affiliate showed .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what 64 % of Costa Ricans believe .', SUB/CONDITION('Their country is militarily attacked by either Nicaragua or Panama .','The U.S. will come to its defense .')))

Input: Mr. Daremblum is a lawyer and a columnist for La Nacion newspaper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daremblum is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Daremblum is a lawyer .','Daremblum is a columnist for La Nacion newspaper .'))

Input: Separately , the hotel and gambling giant said it was proceeding with plans to make a tender offer and solicit consents with respect to approximately $ 1.4 billion of its publicly traded debt .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the hotel and gambling giant said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It was proceeding with plans .','This was to make a tender offer and solicit consents with respect to approximately $ 1.4 billion of its publicly traded debt .'))

Input: That debt is part of the $ 2.1 billion of Holiday debt that Bass PLC of Britain said it would retire or assume when it agreed to buy the Holiday Inn business in August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That debt is part of the $ 2.1 billion of Holiday debt .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bass PLC of Britain said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It would retire or assume .','It agreed to buy the Holiday Inn business in August .')))

Input: Holiday said third-quarter earnings rose to $ 39.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , from $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Holiday said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 21 million a year earlier .','This was from 84 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter earnings rose to $ 39.8 million .','Third-quarter earnings rose to $ 1.53 a share .')))

Input: The jump reflected record results in Las Vegas , Nev. , and Atlantic City , N.J. , as well as a full quarter 's results from Harrah 's Del Rio in Laughlin , Nev .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Las Vegas , Nev. , and Atlantic City , N.J. , as well as a full quarter 's results .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from Harrah 's Del Rio .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Laughlin , Nev .','The jump reflected record results .')))

Input: The tender offer and consent solicitation will be made to debtholders in December .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Holiday said Salomon Brothers Inc. has been retained to act as the dealer-manager and financial adviser in connection with the offer and solicitation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Holiday said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the offer and solicitation .',', Salomon Brothers Inc. has been retained to act as the dealer-manager and financial adviser in connection .'))

Input: The debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices -LRB- expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount -RRB- are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The debt issues involved .', SUB/ELABORATION('The proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices -LRB- expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount -RRB- are as follows : 101\/2 % .',', Senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 93\/8 % ; and 83\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % 101\/2 % .' ), 'Notes due 1993 at 100 % 93\/8 % .'))

Input: Holiday said its 15 % notes due 1992 also will be included in the tender offer and consent solicitation at a price to be determined by Holiday prior to the commencement of the offer .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Holiday said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a price to be determined by Holiday prior to the commencement of the offer .','Its 15 % notes due 1992 also will be included in the tender offer and consent solicitation .'))

Input: Fox , which also owns six TV stations , provides programs three nights a week to those and other affiliates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Fox provides programs three nights a week to those .','Fox provides programs three nights a week to other affiliates .' ), 'Fox also owns six TV stations .')

Input: Paramount Domestic TV and MCA TV formed a joint venture last month , named Premier Advertiser Sales , to sell advertising in programs syndicated by both companies , such as Star Trek : the Next Generation , Charles in Charge and Friday the 13th : the Series .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Paramount Domestic TV and MCA TV formed a joint venture last month .','Paramount Domestic TV and MCA TV were named Premier Advertiser Sales .' ), 'This was to sell advertising in programs syndicated by both companies , such as Star Trek : the Next Generation , Charles in Charge and Friday the 13th : the Series .')

Input: MCA owns WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $ 140 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('MCA owns .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Salomon Inc. in a deal .','A deal was valued at $ 140 million .' ), 'WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group .'))

Input: Currently , Fox supplies programs on Saturdays , Sundays and Mondays , although the company plans to expand to other weeknights .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is currently .','Fox supplies programs on Saturdays , Sundays and Mondays .' ), 'The company plans to expand to other weeknights .')

Input: Jamie Kellner , president of Fox Broadcasting , said , We believe the partnership of Fox , its affiliates and advertisers is succeeding and will continue to grow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jamie Kellner was president of Fox Broadcasting .', CO/LIST('Jamie Kellner said .','We believe the partnership of Fox .', CO/LIST('Its affiliates and advertisers is succeeding .','Its affiliates and advertisers will continue to grow .')))

Input: We spent a lot of time and money in building our group of stations , he said , adding that Fox does n't appreciate another company attempting to usurp its station lineup .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in .','We spent a lot of time and money .' ), 'We was building our group of stations .' ), 'This was what he said , adding that Fox does n't appreciate another company attempting to usurp its station lineup .')

Input: Fox said it plans to offer its stations movies , theatrical and made-for-TV ventures , probably on Wednesdays , sometime next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Movies were theatrical and made-for-TV ventures .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fox said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is sometime .','It plans to offer its stations movies probably on Wednesdays next year .')))

Input: Paramount and MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount and MCA for Wednesdays and perhaps a block of original shows Fridays .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the broadcasting executive .', CO/LIST('Paramount and MCA plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount and MCA for Wednesdays Fridays .','Paramount and MCA plan to offer perhaps a block of original shows Fridays .'))

Input: The executive said Paramount and MCA have also held discussions with Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit , which owns five independent stations in cities such as Los Angeles , San Francisco and Portland , Ore .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the executive said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit .','Paramount and MCA have also held discussions .' )CO/LIST(', Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit owns five independent stations in cities such as Los Angeles .',', Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit owns five independent stations in cities such as San Francisco .',', Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit owns five independent stations in cities such as Portland , Ore .')))

Input: Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and BanPonce Corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction valued at $ 324 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Banco Popular de Puerto Rico agreed to merge in a transaction .','BanPonce Corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction .' ), 'A transaction was valued at $ 324 million .')

Input: Alberto M. Paracchini , currently chairman of BanPonce , will serve as president of the bank holding company and chairman of the subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is currently .', CO/LIST('Alberto M. Paracchini chairman of BanPonce , will serve as president of the bank holding company .','Alberto M. Paracchini chairman of BanPonce , will serve as president of chairman of the subsidiary .'))

Input: Banco Popular originally proposed the merger in July , in a cash and stock transaction valued at $ 50 a share , or about $ 293 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a cash and stock transaction .','Banco Popular originally proposed the merger .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('A cash and stock transaction were valued at $ 50 a share .','A cash and stock transaction were valued at about $ 293 million .')))

Input: Richard Carrion , who is currently president and chief executive officer of Banco Popular , said the merger will result in a larger and stronger locally based bank .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Carrion said .','The merger will result in a larger and stronger locally based bank .' ), 'Richard Carrion is currently president and chief executive officer of Banco Popular .')

Input: Mr. Carrion , who will now serve as president and chief executive officer of the subsidiary bank , added : We 'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Carrion was Mr. .',', Carrion added .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Carrion is Mr. .',', Carrion will now serve as president and chief executive officer of the subsidiary bank .' ), 'We 'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks .'))

Input: The construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 190 million , or $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the construction equipment maker said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 190 million a year earlier .','This was from $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million .','Third-quarter profit fell to $ 1.07 a share .')))

Input: In announcing a 1989 capital spending plan of $ 950 million early this year , Caterpillar said full-year earnings would be flat compared with last year 's $ 616 million , or $ 6.07 a share .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Caterpillar was announcing a 1989 capital spending plan of $ 950 million early this year .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Caterpillar said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Full-year earnings would be flat compared with last year 's $ 616 million .','Full-year earnings would be flat compared with $ 6.07 a share .')))

Input: Millicom said it would build and operate the system in Pakistan with Comvik International AB , part of the Kinnevik group of Sweden , and Arfeen International , Pakistan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arfeen International was Pakistan .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Millicom said .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is with Comvik International AB .','This is with part of the Kinnevik group of Sweden .','This is with Arfeen International .' ), 'It would build and operate the system in Pakistan .')))

Input: B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is via share issues .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to existing holders .', CO/LIST('B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and float its big paper and British retailing businesses .','B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses .')))

Input: Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was for a planned buy-back of 10 % .','This was for a planned buy-back of about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase .' ), 'Proceeds will help pay .')

Input: We are not in any hurry to sell Saks , Marshall Field or B.A.T 's other U.S. retail properties , said Chairman Patrick Sheehy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business for the increase in revenue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the increase .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in revenue .','The company cited sales gains .')))

Input: Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman and chief executive , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , and its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids , Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan G. Hassenfeld was chairman and chief executive .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Alan G. Hassenfeld added .','Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids , Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company in a good position .','We enter the Christmas buying season .')))

Input: The athletic footwear maker said net rose to $ 49.9 million , or 44 cents a share , from $ 37.1 million , or 32 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the athletic footwear maker said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 37.1 million a year earlier .','This was from 32 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net rose to $ 49.9 million .','Net rose to 44 cents a share .')))

Input: Paul Fireman , Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , Our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paul Fireman was Reebok chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Paul Fireman said , Our gains in earnings provide further evidence .', SUB/ELABORATION('The controls are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance .', CO/LIST('We have put in place .','We have put in our sales mix The controls .'))))

Input: In the first nine months , net was $ 140 million , or $ 1.23 a share , on sales of $ 1.44 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 1.44 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 140 million .','Net was $ 1.23 a share .')))

Input: An outside spokesman for CML said the terms were changed to a minor extent but would n't disclose what those changes were .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an outside spokesman for CML said .','The terms were changed to a minor extent .' )SUB/ELABORATION('An outside spokesman for CML would n't disclose .','Those changes were .'))

Input: She said Wheeler Group was profitable but would n't give figures .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .','Wheeler Group was profitable .' ), ', She would n't give figures .')

Input: The company said the growth was led by its major operations , particularly mailing , shipping , dictating and facsimile businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('The growth was led by its major operations .','The growth was led by particularly mailing .','The growth was led by shipping .','The growth was led by dictating .','The growth was led by facsimile businesses .'))

Input: State engineers have made a preliminary finding that it was failure of the concrete columns , wrenched and separated from the double-decker roadbed , that was responsible for the collapse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', State engineers have made a preliminary finding .','It was failure of the concrete columns .' ), ', State engineers have wrenched .',', State engineers have separated from the double-decker roadbed .' ), 'The double-decker roadbed was responsible for the collapse .')

Input: The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area .','The Cypress structure as such does not meet current building codes .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area .','The Cypress structure as such is requiring considerably more steel support .')))

Input: After years of quarreling over Bonn 's Ostpolitik , West Germany and the U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was after years of quarreling over Bonn 's Ostpolitik .', CO/LIST('West Germany appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe .','The U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe .'))

Input: Bonn and Washington have taken a leading role in aid for the reformist countries , pledging billions of dollars in fresh credit and forgiving old debt while urging other industrial nations to follow suit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bonn and Washington have taken a leading role in aid for the reformist countries .', CO/LIST('Bonn and Washington were pledging billions of dollars in fresh credit .','Bonn and Washington were forgiving old debt while urging other industrial nations to follow suit .'))

Input: The change taking place in the Soviet Union , Poland and Hungary has aroused new hope in both German states that reforms will be undertaken in -LCB- East Germany -RCB- , and that relations between the two German states , too , will get better , said Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The ultimate aim of Western support for East bloc reforms , he said , is to create an equitable and stable peaceful order in Europe from the Atlantic to the Urals .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the Atlantic .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Europe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Urals .','The ultimate aim of Western support for East bloc reforms , he said , is to create an equitable and stable peaceful order .')))

Input: We want the bold programs of market development and political freedom in Hungary and in Poland to succeed .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('We want the bold programs of market development .','We want political freedom in Hungary and in Poland .' ), 'This is to succeed .')

Input: Meanwhile , the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $ 837.5 million aid package for Poland and Hungary that more than doubles the amount President Bush had requested .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was the amount President .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was for Poland and Hungary .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','The U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $ 837.5 million aid package .' ), 'More than doubles Bush had requested .')))

Input: The legislation , approved 345-47 and sent to the Senate , establishes two enterprise funds , to be governed by independent nonprofit boards , which will make loans and investments in new business ventures in Hungary and Poland .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('The legislation , approved 345-47 and sent to the Senate , establishes two enterprise funds .','This was to be governed by independent nonprofit boards .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in new business ventures in Hungary and Poland .','Independent nonprofit boards will make loans and investments .'))

Input: An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mattel attributed the jump in quarter net to strong world-wide sales of its Barbie doll , Hot Wheels cars , Disney toys and other well-known toy lines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in quarter net .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to strong world-wide sales of its Barbie doll .','This was to strong world-wide sales of Hot Wheels cars .','This was to strong world-wide sales of Disney toys .','This was to strong world-wide sales of other well-known toy lines .' ), 'Mattel attributed the jump .'))

Input: The company also cited retail trade and consumer demand for new products introduced this year , such as Cherry Merry Muffin and Turtle Tots .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as Cherry Merry Muffin and Turtle Tots .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for new products .','The company also cited retail trade and consumer demand .' ), 'New products were introduced this year .'))

Input: Mattel said the company 's sale of rights to land and buildings at its Hawthorne , Calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 13 million charge to third-quarter operating profit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to land .','Mattel said the company 's sale of rights .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to third-quarter operating profit .','Buildings at its Hawthorne , Calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 13 million charge .'))

Input: Was the man who once was pro-choice , but later pro-life , converting again ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Christopher Smith -LRB- R. , N.J. -RRB- , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('R. was N.J. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Christopher Smith -LRB- R. -RRB- , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from rape and incest exceptions .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the states .','A compromise would have adapted restrictive language .'))))

Input: Ms. Johnson made a passionate statement to the platform committee , but she was talking to herself .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the platform committee .','Johnson made a passionate statement .' ), ', She was talking to herself .'))

Input: They 're frightened by what they see in New Jersey , and especially Virginia , where pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('They 're frightened by what they see in New Jersey .','They 're frightened by what they see in especially Virginia .' ), 'Pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion .')

Input: Oklahoma official Robert Fulton lost a chance for a senior job in the Department of Health and Human Services after right-to-life activists opposed him .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Fulton was Oklahoma official .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a senior job .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Department of Health and Human Services .','Robert Fulton lost a chance .' ), 'Right-to-life activists opposed him .')))

Input: Even the president 's doctor , Burton Lee , has said on the record that he 'd love to be surgeon general but could n't pass the pro-life test .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Burton Lee was even the president 's doctor .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the president 's doctor has said on the record .','He 'd love to be surgeon general .' ), 'Even the president 's doctor could n't pass the pro-life test .'))

Input: -RRB- What about banning abortions in the second and third trimesters ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 137.4 million , or $ 1.35 a share , down from $ 165 million , or $ 1.44 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from $ 165 million , or $ 1.44 a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 137.4 million .','The energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 1.35 a share .'))

Input: A year earlier , the company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of a pipeline , a refinery and an interest in a second refinery .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/LIST('The company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of a pipeline in a second refinery .','The company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of a refinery in a second refinery .','The company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of an interest in a second refinery .'))

Input: The company said its Union Pacific Railroad had a 3 % profit increase , despite a 14 % rise in fuel costs and a 4 % drop in car loadings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was despite a 14 % rise in fuel costs .','This was despite a 4 % drop in car loadings .' ), 'Its Union Pacific Railroad had a 3 % profit increase .'))

Input: It added that higher revenue , strong crude oil prices and higher natural gas prices offset declines in production of oil , gas and plant liquids .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It added .', CO/LIST('Higher revenue offset declines in production of oil , gas and plant liquids .',', Strong crude oil prices offset declines in production of oil , gas and plant liquids .','Higher natural gas prices offset declines in production of oil , gas and plant liquids .'))

Input: In addition , the company cited cost-reduction moves and interest income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .', CO/LIST('The company cited cost-reduction moves .','The company cited interest income .'))

Input: Chicago Title & Trust acquired Safeco in 1987 and changed the unit 's name to Security Union Title Insurance Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Chicago Title & Trust acquired Safeco in 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Security Union Title Insurance Co .',', Chicago Title & Trust changed the unit 's name .'))

Input: The FTC ruled that the companies violated federal antitrust law by fixing rates in the following states : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Wisconsin , Arizona and Montana .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The FTC ruled .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','The companies violated federal antitrust law .' ), 'The companies were fixing rates in the following states : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Wisconsin , Arizona and Montana .'))

Input: Mr. Seidman is chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Seidman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Seidman is chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. .',', Chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. was established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations .'))

Input: Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .'))

Input: The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2010 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.10 % in 2010 .','The bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 .' ), 'The bonds were rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: Bonds due 1991-1996 carry 6.70 % coupons and bonds due 1997-2000 carry 6 3\/4 % coupons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bonds due 1991-1996 carry 6.70 % .', CO/LIST(', Coupons and bonds due 1997-2000 carry 63\/4 % .',', Coupons and bonds due 1997-2000 are coupons 6.70 % .'))

Input: St. Johns River Water Management District , Fla. -- $ 50,005,000 of land acquisition revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1990-2000 , 2003 , 2006 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to about 7.03 % in 2003 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The offerings bring Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.6 billion and its total volume to $ 46.5 billion since the program began in February 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 32.6 billion .','The offerings bring Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance .' ), 'The program began in February 1988 .' ), 'The offerings its total volume to $ 46.5 billion since the program began in February 1988 .')

Input: Each 1,000 mark and 10,000 mark bond is convertible from Nov. 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1995 , at a price to be determined when terms are fixed Oct. 25 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The products range from computer-edited , personal newsletters to systems that sit inside a personal computer and pick stories on selected topics off news wires .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to systems .','The products range from computer-edited , personal newsletters .' ), ', Systems sit inside a personal computer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on selected topics off news wires .','The products pick stories .'))

Input: A new product , NewsEdge , carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer and beeps and flashes whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('NewsEdge is a new product .', CO/LIST('A new product carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer .', CO/LIST('A new product beeps .', SUB/CONDITION('A new product flashes .','An article appears that is of interest to the user .'))))

Input: One early user , David Semmel , a Chicago venture capitalist and investor in Desktop Data , says he uses it to track takeover developments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('David Semmel are one early user .','A Chicago venture capitalist are one early user .','Investor in Desktop Data are one early user .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what one early user says .','He uses it to track takeover developments .'))

Input: He says he told NewsEdge to look for stories containing such words as takeover , acquisition , acquire , LBO , tender , merger , junk and halted .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('He told NewsEdge to look for stories .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as takeover , acquisition , acquire , LBO , tender , merger , junk and halted .',', Stories were containing such words .')))

Input: NewsEdge uses an FM radio band to carry news wires provided by Reuters , McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones & Co. , as well as PR Newswire , which carries corporate press releases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('NewsEdge uses an FM radio band .','This was to carry news wires provided by Reuters , McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones & Co. , as well as PR Newswire .' ), 'PR Newswire carries corporate press releases .')

Input: We are operating an information refinery that takes a broad stream of raw data and turns it into actionable knowledge , says Yosi Amram , founder and president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year and provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Reuters , McGraw Hill , United Press International , two press release news wires and Japan 's Kyodo news service .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The daily newsletter will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is under license agreements with Reuters .','This is under license agreements with McGraw Hill .','This is under license agreements with United Press International .','This is under license agreements with two press release news wires .','This is under license agreements with Japan 's Kyodo news service .' ), 'The daily newsletter provides full text of relevant articles .' ), 'The daily newsletter is n't widely available yet .'))

Input: And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And it calculates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with how often they appear in the entire data base .','The words appear in the story .'))

Input: The computers find all the key words they can , but the editors confirm every one .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The computers find all the key words .','They can all the key words .' ), 'The editors confirm every one .')

Input: Once all the articles are coded and put in a data base , Pinpoint 's computers pick the most relevant for each subscriber and lay them out in a three-to-five-page newsletter format ; each newsletter is sent directly from the computer to the subscriber 's fax machine .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('All the articles are coded and put in a data base .', CO/LIST('Pinpoint 's computers pick the most relevant for each subscriber .','Pinpoint 's computers lay them out in a three-to-five-page newsletter format .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the subscriber 's fax machine .','Each newsletter is sent directly from the computer .')))

Input: Mr. Golomb says each of his computers can produce and send about 75 unique newsletters a night .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Golomb is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Golomb says .','Each of his computers can produce and send about 75 unique newsletters a night .'))

Input: All these interconnected computers make it difficult to sort out what 's junk and what 's important , says Chuck Digate , a former Lotus Development executive who has started a new company to cope with the problem .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Digate says that Beyond will refine the product so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Digate is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Digate says .', SUB/ELABORATION('Beyond will refine the product .','The message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week .')))

Input: And if a user is busy , he can set it for crisis mode : Do n't bother me with reports until Monday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for crisis mode .', SUB/CONDITION('A user is busy .','And , he can set it : Do n't bother me with reports until Monday .'))

Input: That award ended a dispute between Dean Witter and Mr. Bachman over who was responsible for certain bond-trading losses around the time of the 1987 stock-market crash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Bachman was Dean Witter .','Bachman was Mr. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was over who was responsible for certain bond-trading losses around the time of the 1987 stock-market crash .','That award ended a dispute between Bachman .'))

Input: American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Brands Inc. said .', CO/LIST('Third-quarter net income rose 13 % .','Third-quarter net income was reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses .'))

Input: The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from discontinued operations .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million .','The year-earlier period included 41 cents a share .'))

Input: The average number of shares outstanding rose 2 % in the third quarter but was down 4 % for the nine months .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .','The average number of shares outstanding rose 2 % .' ), 'The average number of shares outstanding was down 4 % for the nine months .')

Input: But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday , and Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden is SEC Chairman .','But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz Breeden Wednesday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Brady is Treasury Secretary .','But Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday .'))

Input: Brady and Breeden work well together on the plunge , despite the fact that the Treasury secretary opposed Breeden 's nomination to the SEC post .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite the fact .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the SEC post .','The Treasury secretary opposed Breeden 's nomination .' ), 'Brady and Breeden work well together on the plunge .'))

Input: BAKER FALTERS in the Mideast amid Israeli paralysis and Palestinian politics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is amid Israeli paralysis .','This is amid Palestinian politics .' ), 'BAKER FALTERS in the Mideast .')

Input: Despite seeing his plan for Israeli-Palestinian elections wither , the cautious secretary of state is so far unwilling to cut U.S. economic or military aid to force Israeli cooperation .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The cautious secretary of state is seeing his plan .','Israeli-Palestinian elections wither .' ), 'The cautious secretary of state is so far unwilling to cut U.S. economic or military aid to force Israeli cooperation .')

Input: Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shamir 's rival is Peres .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for backing down on the elections .','Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir and at Shamir 's rival for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan .'))

Input: Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arafat is PLO chief .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .',', Some U.S. officials fear .' )CO/LIST('Arafat is getting cold feet .','Arafat may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism .')))

Input: But now , an official says , he is surrounded by right-to-lifers , who contend that any breakthroughs in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But now , an official says , he is surrounded by right-to-lifers .', SUB/ELABORATION('Right-to-lifers contend .','Any breakthroughs in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions .'))

Input: COOPERATION WANES on weapons development between the U.S. and Europe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bush has three vacancies to fill on the prestigious D.C. Circuit Court , which handles many important regulatory issues and is often considered a warm-up for future Supreme Court nominees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush has three vacancies .','To fill on the prestigious D.C. Circuit Court three vacancies .' )CO/LIST('The prestigious D.C. Circuit Court handles many important regulatory issues .','The prestigious D.C. Circuit Court is often considered a warm-up for future Supreme Court nominees .'))

Input: Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann , who was passed over for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department , and Marshall Breger , chairman of a U.S. agency on administration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann .', SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Uhlmann was Washington lawyer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Marshall Breger was chairman of a U.S. agency .', CO/LIST('Michael Uhlmann was passed over for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department .','Michael Uhlmann was passed over for Marshall Breger on administration .'))))

Input: Rep. Garcia , on trial for bribery and extortion , puts statements in the Congressional Record attributing missed votes to scheduling conflicts . ...
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garcia was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on trial for bribery and extortion .','Garcia puts ... .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to scheduling conflicts .',', Statements in the Congressional Record attributing missed votes .')))

Input: A GOP Senate fund-raising letter from Sen. Burns of Montana is made to appear personally written , and its opening line is , Please excuse my handwriting .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Burns was A GOP Senate fund-raising letter from Sen. .','Burns of Montana is made to appear personally written .' )CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('Its opening line is .','Its opening line excuse my handwriting .'))

Input: And , in addition to a crack team of sailors , Mr. Isler has lined up some real brass to help him finance the syndicate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Isler was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a crack team of sailors .','This was in addition .' ), 'And Isler has lined up some real brass .' ), 'This was to help him finance the syndicate .'))

Input: His steering committee includes other notable businessmen , including the California investor and old salt Roy E. Disney .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Roy E. Disney is the California investor .','Roy E. Disney is old salt .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is including Roy E. Disney .','His steering committee includes other notable businessmen .'))

Input: We have the structure , people and plan , Mr. Isler said in a statement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Isler was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('We have the structure .','We have people .','We have plan .' ), 'This was what Isler said in a statement .'))

Input: The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors .','The suit is resolved .' ), 'The race site is determined .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .',', Smith said .' ), 'The syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million .')

Input: But spokesmen for both Mr. Isler and Mr. Conner say the formation of the new syndicate has to do with Mr. Isler 's desire to skipper his own team and begin planning now , rather than any falling out between the two sportsmen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Isler is spokesmen for both Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Conner is Isler and Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Isler is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Conner say .','The formation of the new syndicate has to do with Isler 's desire to skipper his own team and begin planning now , rather than any falling out between the two sportsmen .'))))

Input: Mr. Smith and a spokesman for the America 's Cup Organizing Committee insist that the added competition for the defender 's spot will only improve the race .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Smith and a spokesman for the America 's Cup Organizing Committee insist .','The added competition for the defender 's spot will only improve the race .'))

Input: But I 'd also rather live next door to an incinerator than to some of the hog farms I 've seen -LRB- and smelt -RRB- in these parts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We know they are dangerous , but if handled with care , their benefits far outweigh any risk to the environment .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we know .','They are dangerous .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the environment .','If handled with care , their benefits far outweigh any risk .'))

Input: In 1986 , Stamford officials thanked Mr. Hoelzer for taking care of the mural -- and demanded he return it as soon as possible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hoelzer was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1986 .',', Stamford officials thanked Hoelzer for taking care of the mural .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1986 .',', Stamford officials demanded he return it as soon as possible .')))

Input: But Judge Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled that the city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Louis L. Stanton was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled .','The city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute .'))

Input: She said the mural preserves an era in Stamford and in our country when this type of work was being done .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Stamford and in our country .','This type of work was being done .' ), 'The mural preserves an era .'))

Input: On top of all this , corn and soybean prices rose on reports that the Midwest harvest was disrupted by a freakishly early snow storm that dumped several inches in parts of Indiana and Ohio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on top of all this .',', Corn and soybean prices rose on reports .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Midwest harvest was disrupted by a freakishly early snow storm .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in parts of Indiana and Ohio .','A freakishly early snow storm dumped several inches .')))

Input: He noted that the core inflation rate , which excludes food and energy , was also low at 0.2 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he noted .','The core inflation rate was also low at 0.2 % .' ), 'The core inflation rate excludes food and energy .')

Input: Other news that weighed on the market : Initial unemployment claims rose by 62,000 last week ; American Telephone & Telegraph Co. will reduce its managerial staff by 15,000 through attrition ; the oil market turned weaker ; there was n't any investor demand for bullion ; and the dollar strengthened during the day , putting pressure on gold .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both South Africa and the Soviet Union , the principal gold and platinum producers , are being forced to continue selling the metals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Both South Africa were the principal gold and platinum producers .','The Soviet Union were the principal gold and platinum producers .' )CO/LIST('Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both South Africa are being forced to continue selling the metals .','Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that the Soviet Union are being forced to continue selling the metals .'))

Input: Both are in great need of foreign exchange , and South Africa is also under pressure to meet foreign loan commitments , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Both are in great need of foreign exchange .', SUB/PURPOSE(', South Africa is also under pressure .','This is to meet foreign loan commitments .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Some of this buying was by Japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea , Highland Valley mine in British Columbia , and the Cananea mine in Mexico , which are major shippers to Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some of this buying was by Japan .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Japan has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea .','Japan has had Highland Valley mine in British Columbia .','Japan has had the Cananea mine in Mexico .' ), 'Mexico are major shippers to Japan .'))

Input: The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION('Any of these mines begin operating soon .','Their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year .' ), 'This is what analysts note .'))

Input: But a flurry of late trading yesterday beefed up prices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against local-government agencies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Laurence Drivon was president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for now .',', Says Laurence Drivon , the last thing is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not .' ), 'We really need to worry about the last thing .'))

Input: But that wo n't stop plaintiffs ' lawyers from seeking a little room for maneuvering .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from .','But that wo n't stop plaintiffs ' lawyers .' ), 'But that is seeking a little room for maneuvering .')

Input: Therefore , engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard , and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was therefore .','Engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was therefore .','Government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven .'))

Input: My prediction is there will be mass litigation over errors and omissions in engineering and contracting , says Stanley Chesley , a well-known Cincinnati plaintiffs lawyer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He adds that they were aware of the propensity for earthquakes and the San Andreas Fault .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He adds .', CO/LIST('They were aware of the propensity for earthquakes .','They were aware of the propensity for the San Andreas Fault .'))

Input: The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Belli was publicity-conscious Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the flamboyant and Belli says .', SUB/ELABORATION('He already has investigators .','Investigators were looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it .')))

Input: We wo n't know until the smoke clears -- but yes , we 're looking into it , he says .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/CONDITION('We wo n't know .','The smoke clears .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Yes , we 're looking into it .','This is what he says .'))

Input: Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Belli was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Belli says .', CO/DISJUNCTION('He wants to know whether state or federal engineers could have prevented the damage .','He wants to know whether private companies could have prevented the damage .')))

Input: But if defendants can prove that they met San Francisco 's stringent building codes , that 's probably going to protect them , Mr. Ruvolo says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Ruvolo is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('Defendants can prove .','They met San Francisco 's stringent building codes .' ), 'But , Ruvolo says .' ), ', San Francisco 's stringent building codes 's probably going to protect them .'))

Input: The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and Mr. Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Covert was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Covert had to search through law books .','Law books were scattered on the floor of his office yesterday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Belli was Mr. .','Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks .')))

Input: He said he set up shop on the sidewalk in front of his town-house office and helped victims apply for federal aid -- free of charge .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the sidewalk .','He set up shop in front of his town-house office .' ), 'He helped victims apply for federal aid -- free of charge .'))

Input: The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the association said .','It would monitor the conduct of lawyers .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the association warned .',', Solicitation of business is unethical .'))

Input: The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name Deloitte by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Deloitte was the use of the name .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in London .','The British firm has begun court proceedings .' ), 'This was to prevent Deloitte by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world .'))

Input: Mr. Cook said that last June , the international executive committes of Deloitte and Touche agreed to a world-wide merger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cook was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cook said .','Last June , the international executive committes of Deloitte and Touche agreed to a world-wide merger .'))

Input: General Motors Corp. , a Deloitte audit client , for example , has agreed to keep its annual $ 18 million world-wide audit and associated tax work with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm , to be known as Deloitte & Touche in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('General Motors Corp. were a Deloitte audit client .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm .','General Motors Corp. for example , has agreed to keep its annual $ 18 million world-wide audit and associated tax work , to be known as Deloitte & Touche in the U.S. .'))

Input: In New York , Harris Amhowitz , general counsel of Coopers , said Coopers was aware of the litigation , but he declined further comment .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Harris Amhowitz was general counsel of Coopers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Harris Amhowitz said in New York .',', Coopers was aware of the litigation .' ), 'He declined further comment .'))

Input: Mr. Bennett declared in April that he would make Washington a test case for how the Bush administration would aid cities afflicted by heavy drug trafficking and violence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bennett was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bennett declared in April .', CO/LIST('He would make Washington a test case for how the Bush administration would aid cities afflicted by heavy drug trafficking .','He would make Washington a test case for how the Bush administration would aid cities afflicted by violence .')))

Input: The drug czar claimed that enforcement efforts are working here , albeit at a slower and more halting pace than we would like .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the drug czar claimed .', CO/LIST('Enforcement efforts are working here .','We would like .'))

Input: Drugs continue to be sold openly around schools , parks and housing projects .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He also noted that the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests and more than $ 2 million in seizures of drug dealers ' assets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he noted .', CO/LIST('The federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests .','The federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since more than $ 2 million in seizures of drug dealers ' assets .'))

Input: In the wake of the earthquake in California and the devastation of Hurricane Hugo , many companies in disaster-prone areas are pondering the question of preparedness .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is in the wake of the earthquake in California .','This is in the wake of the devastation of Hurricane Hugo .' ), 'Many companies in disaster-prone areas are pondering the question of preparedness .')

Input: Some , particularly in West Coast earthquake zones , are dusting off their evacuation plans , checking food stocks and reminding employees of what to do if emergency strikes .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly in West Coast earthquake zones .',', Some are dusting off their evacuation plans .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly in West Coast earthquake zones .',', Some are checking food stocks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly in West Coast earthquake zones .',', Some are reminding employees of what to do if emergency strikes .'))

Input: Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in safe regions .','Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what many companies in the path of potential disaster were hoping .', CO/LIST('They can transport employees there .','They can resume operations quickly .')))

Input: That means making sure that copies of vital computer software and company records are out of harm 's way .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some businesses -- like Disneyland -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis , they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some businesses claim .', SUB/CONDITION('They became isolated in a crisis .','They would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days .'))

Input: The ARCO memo urges employees to keep certain supplies at work , such as solid shoes and heavy gloves to clear debris .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to clear debris .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is such as solid shoes .','This is such as heavy gloves .' ), 'This is at work .' ), 'The()))

Input: It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It also recommends .', SUB/ELABORATION('Employees be aware of everyday office items .','Everyday office items could be used for emergency care or shelter .'))

Input: Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in breaking through office walls .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the suggestions .', CO/LIST(': Pantyhose could be used for slings .',': men 's ties could be used for slings .' ), 'Removable wooden shelves might aid in breaking through office walls .'))

Input: Two months ago the company set up a toll-free number , based outside California , to handle queries from employees about when they should report back to work after an earthquake or other disaster .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was based outside California .','Two months ago the company set up a toll-free number .' ), 'This was to handle queries from employees about when they should report back to work after an earthquake or other disaster .')

Input: That means we can accept orders and begin getting back to normal , says Ms. Tharp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower , Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Great Western Bank in the past year was prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower .', CO/LIST('Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners .', SUB/ELABORATION('Great Western Bank in the past year spent .','$ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters .')))

Input: As it turned out , bank employees were n't hurt and the vaults withstood the jolts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It turned out .','Bank employees were n't hurt .' ), 'The vaults withstood the jolts .')

Input: Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The centers are complete with maps detailing utility lines beneath rides and safe havens where people can be assembled away from major structures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The centers are complete with maps .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is beneath rides .','This is beneath safe havens .' ), 'Maps are detailing utility lines .' ), 'People can be assembled away from major structures .'))

Input: Vista Chemical Co. , with three chemical plants in and near Lake Charles , La. , prepares for every hurricane that enters the Gulf of Mexico , says Keith L. Fogg , a company safety director .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While under the control of federal regulators , Independent American 's net worth dropped from $ 75 million to a negative $ 400 million , wiping out the value of Mr. Gaubert 's real estate contribution and his stock in the institution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gaubert was the value of Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a negative $ 400 million .','While under the control of federal regulators , Independent American 's net worth dropped from $ 75 million .' )CO/LIST('While under the control of federal regulators , Independent American 's net worth was wiping out Gaubert 's real estate contribution .','While under the control of federal regulators , Independent American 's net worth was wiping out his stock in the institution .')))

Input: It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration of Independent American , the court wrote .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I do n't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred , Mr. Lowell says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lowell is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION('I do n't know .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This will affect one institution .','This will affect a hundred .' ), 'This is what Lowell says .')))

Input: The suit , which seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 1 million , alleges that the firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state 's human-rights law .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the suit alleges .','The firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state 's human-rights law .' ), 'The suit seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 1 million .')

Input: Among other things , the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the basis of sex and pregnancy .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other things .','The law prohibits discrimination .'))

Input: Kary Moss , an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said , They wanted a svelte-looking woman , and a pregnant woman is not svelte .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kary Moss was an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project .','Kary Moss said .' ), 'A pregnant woman is not svelte .')

Input: The trial of the case lasted seven months and ended in September with a hung jury .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The trial of the case lasted seven months .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a hung jury .','The trial of the case ended in September .'))

Input: The defendants were indicted two years ago on charges that they conspired to defraud five thrifts of more than $ 130 million through a complicated scheme to inflate the price of land and condominium construction along Interstate 30 , east of Dallas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The defendants were indicted two years ago on charges .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was through a complicated scheme to inflate the price of land and condominium construction along Interstate 30 , east of Dallas .','They conspired to defraud five thrifts of more than $ 130 million .'))

Input: A former prosecutor and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Specter is expected to exercise influence when the Senate votes on the impeachment today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Specter was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Senate Judiciary Committee was Specter .','A former prosecutor and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee is expected to exercise influence when the Senate votes on the impeachment today .'))

Input: Five of the partners -- James W. Morris , Philip B. Morris , Robert M. White , Ann Adams Webster and Jacqueline G. Epps -- are opening a boutique in Richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation , particularly in product liability cases .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly .','This is in Richmond in product liability cases .' ), 'Five of the partners -- James W. Morris , Philip B. Morris , Robert M. White , Ann Adams Webster and Jacqueline G. Epps -- are opening a boutique .' ), 'This is to concentrate on corporate defense litigation .')

Input: Mayer , Brown & Platt , Chicago , added two partners to its Houston office , Eddy J. Roger Jr. , and Jeff C. Dodd ... .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mayer , Brown & Platt was Chicago .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was to its Houston office .','This was to Eddy J. Roger Jr. .','This was to Jeff C. Dodd .' ), 'Mayer , Brown & Platt added two partners ... .'))

Input: The decline reflected the expense of buying three magazines , lower earnings from the forest-products group , and what is proving to be a nagging major problem , continued declines in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship daily newspaper .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Next year , earnings will hold steady , but we just do n't see a big turnaround in the trend in advertising .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Next year , earnings will hold steady .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the trend in advertising .','We just do n't see a big turnaround .'))

Input: In the quarterly report , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , New York Times Co. chairman and chief executive officer , said negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will continue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arthur Ochs Sulzberger was New York Times Co. chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Arthur Ochs Sulzberger said in the quarterly report .','Negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will continue .'))

Input: Mr. Sulzberger said the scheduled opening of a new color-printing plant in Edison , N.J. , in 1990 would involve heavy startup and depreciation costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sulzberger was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sulzberger said .','The scheduled opening of a new color-printing plant in Edison , N.J. , in 1990 would involve heavy startup and depreciation costs .'))

Input: But the dollar was mixed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Since the 1987 crash , the industrials have soared more than 54 % , and the widely watched market barometer is about 4 % below its record high set earlier this month .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since the 1987 crash .','The industrials have soared more than 54 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is since the 1987 crash .','The widely watched market barometer is about 4 % below its record high .' ), 'Its record high was set earlier this month .'))

Input: The stock-market rally was led by blue-chip issues , but , unlike Monday 's rebound , was broadly based .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The stock-market rally was led by blue-chip issues .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was unlike Monday 's rebound .','But was broadly based .'))

Input: The Nasdaq Composite Index soared 7.52 , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 , its highest one-day jump in points this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 470.80 .', SUB/ELABORATION('1.6 % was its highest one-day jump .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in points this year .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Composite Index soared 7.52 .','The Nasdaq Composite Index soared 1.6 % .'))))

Input: I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt , said Garnett L. Keith Jr. , vice chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America , one of the nation 's largest institutional investors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If so , that will cinch the case for another shot of credit-easing within a month or so .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is within a month or so .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for another shot of credit-easing .','If so , that will cinch the case .'))

Input: That , in turn , is expected to persuade banks to cut their prime lending rate , a benchmark rate on many corporate and consumer loans , by half a percentage point , to 10 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Their prime lending rate was a benchmark rate on many corporate and consumer loans .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by half a percentage point .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in turn .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 10 % .','That is expected to persuade banks to cut their prime lending rate .'))))

Input: But the economy is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In every presidential election over the past half century , except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy , the GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in every presidential election over the past half century .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy .','The GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It has of congressional seats .','It has of the popular vote for Congress .')))

Input: 2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues -LRB- programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and\/or confers benefits on the population at large -RRB- and attending to local issues -LRB- constituency service and pork barrel -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is while voting in office -- .','2 -RRB- Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities .' )CO/LIST('2 -RRB- Congressional representatives are dealing with national issues .', CO/LIST('2 -RRB- Congressional representatives are attending to local issues -LRB- constituency service -RRB- .','2 -RRB- Congressional representatives are attending to local issues -LRB- pork barrel -RRB- .')))

Input: If these assumptions hold , voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner 's dilemma and have an incentive , at the margin , to lean Democratic .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('These assumptions hold .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the margin .','Voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner 's dilemma and have an incentive to lean Democratic .'))

Input: If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from bringing home the bacon to their respective constituencies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district\/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts\/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the voter 's particular district\/state .','A GOP president may limit local benefits .' )CO/LIST(', Such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts\/states from bringing home the local benefits .',', Such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing their legislators from bringing home the local benefits .'))

Input: Second , it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives : Any individual legislator 's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it explains .', CO/CONTRAST('Why voters hold Congress in disdain .','Why voters generally love their own congressional representatives .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Any individual legislator 's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator .','Every other legislator was doing likewise for his own constituency .')))

Input: The one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 13 of the 52 freshman Republicans brought into office in 1980 by the Reagan revolution and running for re-election in 1982 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner 's dilemma game works to their disadvantage , the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the extent .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Potential Republican candidates realize .','Their financial backers realize .' ), 'The congressional prisoner 's dilemma game works to their disadvantage .' ), 'The Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates .'))

Input: Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is since local benefit-seeking matters more .','This is since national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress .' ), 'This is precisely the pattern .' )SUB/CONDITION('One would expect .','Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts the pattern .'))

Input: First , economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find that GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Bennett is economists .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is first .','James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find .' ), 'GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do .'))

Input: In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in sum .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at both the federal and state government levels .','At least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation .'))

Input: The measure provides no money for the promised payments until then , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the government would be committed to meeting annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of approximately $ 1.25 billion is paid .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was until then .','The measure provides no money for the promised payments .' )SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was beginning in fiscal 1991 .','The government would be committed to meeting annual payments of as much as $ 500 million .' ), 'The total liability of approximately $ 1.25 billion is paid .'))

Input: The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments .', SUB/ELABORATION('The action is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations .','Reparations were authorized in 1988 .'))

Input: The action came as Congress sent to President Bush a fiscal 1990 bill providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', SUB/ELABORATION('The action came .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress sent to Bush a fiscal 1990 bill .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services .','A fiscal 1990 bill was providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion .'))))

Input: Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .','Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House .' ), 'A vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill .')

Input: An estimated $ 1.32 billion is provided for next year 's census , and negotiators stripped a Senate-passed rider seeking to block the counting of illegal aliens .
Prediction: CO/LIST('An estimated $ 1.32 billion is provided for next year 's census .', SUB/ELABORATION('Negotiators stripped a Senate-passed rider .','A Senate-passed rider was seeking to block the counting of illegal aliens .'))

Input: And in a footnote to the fall of House Speaker James Wright this year , the conference voted to rescind $ 11.8 million in unspent EDA funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project that figured in ethics charges against the former Democratic leader .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Wright was House Speaker .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was for a Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project .','And in a footnote to the fall of James Wright this year , the conference voted to rescind $ 11.8 million in unspent EDA funds .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was against the former Democratic leader .','A Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project figured in ethics charges .')))

Input: Fiscal pressures also forced the adoption of new fees charged by federal agencies , and an 18 % increase in the Securities and Exchange Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Fiscal pressures also forced the adoption of new fees .','New fees were charged by federal agencies .' )CO/LIST('An 18 % increase in the Securities would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees .','Exchange Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees .'))

Input: The bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.9 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts that are still in conference with the House .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts .','The bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.9 billion .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the House .',', Supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts are still in conference .'))

Input: Similarly , the measure adjusts the current funding formula to promise smaller states such as New Hampshire and Delaware a minimum allocation of $ 1.6 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is similarly .','The measure adjusts the current funding formula .' ), 'This is to promise smaller states such as New Hampshire and Delaware a minimum allocation of $ 1.6 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum .')

Input: Lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo in Seville , Spain , but agreed elsewhere to $ 15,000 for an oil portrait of former Chief Justice Warren Burger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Warren Burger was former Chief Justice .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Seville , Spain .','Lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo .' ), 'Lawmakers agreed elsewhere to $ 15,000 for an oil portrait of Warren Burger .'))

Input: An estimated $ 321 million is provided to maintain the program , but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('An estimated $ 321 million is provided to maintain the program .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rudman was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rudman also succeeded in attaching language .','Language was seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed .')))

Input: The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year , and the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center .','The bill seeks to reverse efforts .'))

Input: The bill also provides $ 620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions to international organizations and $ 80 million for peace-keeping activities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is to international organizations .','This is to $ 80 million for peace-keeping activities .' ), 'The bill also provides $ 620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions .')

Input: Mercury Savings & Loan Association said it retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mercury Savings & Loan Association said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker .','This was to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift .'))

Input: Mercury , which has assets of more than $ 2 billion and 24 branches in California , said the action to improve its regulatory capital position is related directly to new capital requirements mandated by recently adopted federal legislation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mercury said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The action to improve its regulatory capital position is related directly to new capital requirements .','New capital requirements were mandated by recently adopted federal legislation .' )CO/LIST('Mercury has assets of more than $ 2 billion .','Mercury has 24 branches in California .')))

Input: The Members know they 're doing wrong , but they need help to restrain their darker compulsions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Members know .','They 're doing wrong .' ), 'They need help to restrain their darker compulsions .')

Input: It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Instead it 's a form of enhanced rescission , giving a President a chance to rescind , or strike , specific spending items that just go too far .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Instead it 's a form of enhanced rescission .', SUB/ELABORATION('Instead it is giving a President a chance to rescind , or strike , specific spending items .',', Specific spending items just go too far .'))

Input: Under the proposal , a President would have a chance twice each year to return a package of rescissions to the Hill -- once when he proposes his budget and again after Congress disposes .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the proposal .','A President would have a chance twice each year .' ), 'This is to return a package of rescissions to the Hill -- once when he proposes his budget and again after Congress disposes .')

Input: Congress would have 20 days to reject the package with a 50 % majority , but then a President could veto that rejection .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE(', Congress would have 20 days .','This is to reject the package with a 50 % majority .' ), 'Then a President could veto that rejection .')

Input: Before 1974 , a President could impound , or refuse to spend , funds appropriated by Congress .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before 1974 .','A President could impound , funds appropriated by Congress .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was before 1974 .','A President could refuse to spend , funds appropriated by Congress .'))

Input: Presidents Kennedy and Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power , but Congress saw its chance against a weakened President Nixon and stripped it away .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kennedy was Presidents .','Kennedy and Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Nixon was its chance against a weakened President .', CO/LIST(', Congress saw Nixon .',', Congress stripped it away .')))

Input: In 1987 , President Reagan sent 73 rescissions back to the Hill , but only 3 % of the spending total was approved by Congress .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Reagan was President .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .','Reagan sent 73 rescissions back to the Hill .' ), 'Only 3 % of the spending total was approved by Congress .'))

Input: The Members could still try to serve their constituents with special-interest goodies , but the police -LRB- in the form of a President -RRB- would be there with a straitjacket if they really get crazy , as they do now .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with special-interest goodies .','The Members could still try to serve their constituents .' )SUB/CONDITION('The police -LRB- in the form of a President -RRB- would be there with a straitjacket .', SUB/ELABORATION('They really get crazy .','They do now .')))

Input: President Bush has endorsed the idea , and at least 50 sitting Senators have voted to support enhanced rescission authority in the past .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .','Bush has endorsed the idea .' ), 'At least 50 sitting Senators have voted to support enhanced rescission authority in the past .')

Input: Business and civic operations lurched back toward normalcy here as congressional officials estimated that the price tag for emergency assistance to earthquake-ravaged California would total at least $ 2.5 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Business and civic operations lurched back toward normalcy .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what congressional officials estimated .','The price tag for emergency assistance to earthquake-ravaged California would total at least $ 2.5 billion .'))

Input: And California 's 45-member delegation in the House is expected to propose that emergency funds be added to a stop-gap spending bill that the House Appropriations Committee is to consider Monday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the most part , major corporations ' headquarters and plants were unaffected or only slightly damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the most part .','Major corporations ' headquarters and plants were unaffected or only slightly damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the Richter scale .','Tuesday 's earthquake registered 6.9 .'))

Input: Banks indicated they were operating at greater than 90 % of their usual capacity , but a Nob Hill hotel said tourists had fled , leaving the previously full hotel with an 80 % vacancy rate .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what banks indicated .','They were operating at greater than 90 % of their usual capacity .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Nob Hill hotel said , leaving the previously full hotel with an 80 % vacancy rate .','Tourists had fled .'))

Input: City crews tallied the wreckage to buildings , but lacked a clear sense of how gravely transportation arteries were disabled .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to buildings .',', City crews tallied the wreckage .' ), ', City crews lacked a clear sense of how gravely transportation arteries were disabled .')

Input: The closed branches , in San Francisco , Hayward , Santa Clara and Santa Cruz , sustained structural damage .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was in San Francisco .','This was in Hayward .','This was in Santa Clara .','This was in Santa Cruz .' ), 'The closed branches sustained structural damage .')

Input: Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America 's Concord office , and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles , the bank said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America 's Concord office .','Foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles .' ), 'This was what the bank said .')

Input: That includes dwellings in the ravaged Marina district that must be demolished , peeled business facades south of Market Street , and houses in the city 's outer Richmond district that were heaved off their foundations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('That includes dwellings in the ravaged Marina district .','That includes peeled business facades south of Market Street .','That includes houses in the city 's outer Richmond district .' ), 'Houses in the city 's outer Richmond district were heaved off their foundations .' ), 'Dwellings in the ravaged Marina district must be demolished .')

Input: It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds , and eventually could get more than $ 1 billion , according to Mr. Fazio , a member of the House Appropriations Committee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fazio is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Fazio is a member of the House Appropriations Committee .', CO/LIST('It is likely to get as much as $ 800 million initially in additional funds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Fazio .','It eventually could get more than $ 1 billion .'))))

Input: He added that the Office of Management and Budget , the Transportation Department and other agencies are developing longer-term legislation that should be ready soon .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Transportation Department and other agencies were Management and Budget .', SUB/ELABORATION('He added .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Office of Management and Budget are developing longer-term legislation .','Longer-term legislation should be ready soon .')))

Input: Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Its neighbor , the De Young Museum , totaled $ 3 million to $ 5 million in structural damage and shattered sculpture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Its neighbor was the De Young Museum .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 5 million .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in structural damage .','This was in shattered sculpture .' ), 'Its neighbor totaled $ 3 million .')))

Input: The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls , and marble facings and ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The city 's main library is closed because of fissures .','Fissures opened in its walls .' )CO/LIST('Marble facings broke off in the temblor .','Ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor .'))

Input: Claims range from a scratched fender -- and there were an awful lot of cars damaged in this -- to a major processing plant , a spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Claims range from a scratched fender -- and there were an awful lot of cars -- to a major processing plant .',', Cars were damaged in this .' ), 'This was what a spokesman said .')

Input: For interstate highways , the federal share normally would drop to 90 % of the cost of repairs , and the state would have to pick up the remainder of the cost .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for interstate highways .','The federal share normally would drop to 90 % of the cost of repairs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for interstate highways .','The state would have to pick up the remainder of the cost .'))

Input: Those changes also would apply to two areas hit hard by Hurricane Hugo -- South Carolina and the U.S. Virgin Islands , according to an aide to Rep. Fazio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fazio was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Those changes also would apply to two areas .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to an aide to Fazio .', CO/LIST('Two areas were hit hard by Hurricane Hugo -- South Carolina .','Two areas were hit hard by Hurricane Hugo -- the U.S. Virgin Islands .'))))

Input: Lines will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as temporary housing and emergency home repairs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by phone .','Lines will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief .'))

Input: Transportation officials are expecting utter traffic pandemonium beginning Monday and growing worse over the next several weeks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Transportation officials are expecting utter traffic pandemonium .', CO/LIST('Transportation officials are beginning Monday .','Transportation officials are growing worse over the next several weeks .'))

Input: The state is calling in a flotilla of navy landing vessels and other boats to expand ferry service across the bay and hopes to add numerous new bus routes and train departures to help alleviate the traffic problem .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The state is calling in a flotilla of navy landing vessels .','The state is calling in a flotilla of other boats .' ), 'This is to expand ferry service across the bay .' ), 'The state hopes to add numerous new bus routes and train departures to help alleviate the traffic problem .')

Input: Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is moreover .',', State officials are urging freight haulers .' ), 'This is to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours .')

Input: If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('There 's any way .','You can do it any way .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a while .','You ought to go to Idaho and go fishing .'))

Input: Gerald F. Seib and Joe Davidson in Washington contributed to this article .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('There are no easy choices in Cambodia .', SUB/ELABORATION('We ca n't imagine .', SUB/ELABORATION('It benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Cambodia .','An all-too-familiar process could end in another round of horror .'))))

Input: Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , non-communist parties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with a partnership between the communists .','This was with a number of smaller , non-communist parties .' ), 'Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 .')

Input: It 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's not clear .',', Crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The one good bet is .','The non-communists would disappear .'))

Input: But Prince Sihanouk has backed all sorts of ideas over the years , and done rather better by himself than by Cambodia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sihanouk was Prince .', CO/LIST('But Sihanouk has backed all sorts of ideas over the years .','But Sihanouk has done rather better by himself than by Cambodia .'))

Input: Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China , which still aids the Khmer Rouge .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following : Fight viciously enough and the U.S. , under the banner of pragmatism , might eventually help negotiate your way to victory .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following : Fight viciously enough .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to victory .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the banner of pragmatism .','The U.S. might eventually help negotiate your way .')))

Input: Laurance V. Allen , 44 , who had been director for North America , resigned to pursue other business interests and do some consulting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Laurance V. Allen was 44 .','Laurance V. Allen resigned to pursue other business interests and do some consulting .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Laurance V. Allen was 44 .','Laurance V. Allen had been director for North America .'))

Input: Cipher Data , a San Diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals and optical disc drives , said the loss included reserves of $ 3.8 million related to a corporate restructuring .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Cipher Data was a San Diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals .',', Cipher Data was a San Diego maker of optical disc drives .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cipher Data said .','The loss included reserves of $ 3.8 million related to a corporate restructuring .'))

Input: It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer , formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer .', CO/LIST('President were formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro .',', Chief operating officer were formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro .'))

Input: Cipher Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Marinaro was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Cipher Data said .','Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board .'))

Input: The disagreement centers on testing deadlines and other issues involving a FileNet system installed earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The disagreement centers on testing deadlines involving a FileNet system .','The disagreement centers on other issues involving a FileNet system .' ), 'A FileNet system was installed earlier this year .')

Input: Clinton Gas Systems Inc. said it received a contract from Timken Co. , Canton , Ohio , to manage the natural gas purchasing , scheduling and transportation activities for Timken 's seven Ohio and two Pennsylvania plants .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Clinton Gas Systems Inc. said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('Timken Co. was Canton , Ohio .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Timken Co. .','It received a contract .' ), 'This was to manage the natural gas purchasing , scheduling and transportation activities for Timken 's seven Ohio and two Pennsylvania plants .')))

Input: Timken , a producer of bearings and specialty steel , already buys gas from Clinton .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Timken is a producer of bearings and specialty steel .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from Clinton .','Timken already buys gas .'))

Input: Manufacturers frequently do n't have anyone who is a specialist in natural gas , Clinton said , and a specialist such as Clinton can save them substantial amounts of money .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Manufacturers frequently do n't have anyone .','Anyone is a specialist in natural gas .' ), 'A specialist such as Clinton can save them substantial amounts of money .')

Input: As the ad 's tone implies , the Texas spirit is pretty xenophobic these days , and Lone Star is n't alone in trying to take advantage of that .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The ad 's tone implies .','The Texas spirit is pretty xenophobic these days .' ), 'Lone Star is n't alone in trying to take advantage of that .')

Input: While advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in part .','The latest trend has been sparked by the state 's recent hard economic times .'))

Input: That has taken some of the swagger out of natives who like to brag that Texas is the only state that was once a nation , but it has increased their legendary resentment of outsiders .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('That has taken some of the swagger out of natives .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some of the swagger out of natives like to brag that Texas is the only state .','The only state was once a nation .' ), 'It has increased their legendary resentment of outsiders .'))

Input: In the past , writes Houston Chronicle columnist Jim Barlow , outlanders were accepted only after passing a series of tests to prove they had the right Texas attitudes and of course they had to be dipped for parasites .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jim Barlow was Houston Chronicle columnist .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past .','Writes Jim Barlow , outlanders were accepted only after passing a series of tests to prove they had the right Texas attitudes and of course they had to be dipped for parasites .'))

Input: And another thing -- real Texans drink Lipton iced tea .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stan Richards of Richards Group Inc. , Dallas , tells of the Texan who saw the agency 's tear-jerking commercial for First Gibraltar Bank F.S.B. -- complete with the state 's anthem -- and promptly invested $ 100,000 in the thrift 's CDs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richards Group Inc. was Dallas .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Stan Richards of Richards Group Inc. tells of the Texan .', CO/LIST('The Texan saw the agency 's tear-jerking commercial for First Gibraltar Bank F.S.B. -- complete with the state 's anthem -- .','The Texan promptly invested $ 100,000 in the thrift 's CDs .')))

Input: The ad campaigns usually follow one of three tracks -- stressing the company 's Texasness , pointing out the competition 's lack thereof , or trying to be more Texan than Texans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The ad campaigns usually follow one of three tracks -- .', CO/LIST('The ad campaigns usually are stressing the company 's Texasness .','The ad campaigns usually are pointing out the competition 's lack thereof .','The ad campaigns usually are trying to be more Texan than Texans .'))

Input: Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like Connecticut and Long Island , sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet , a division of General Motors Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to arm for a revolution against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys , fajitas and a statue of Sam Houston , does n't mince words .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Fajitas are cowboys .','A statue of Sam Houston are cowboys .' ), 'A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys does n't mince words .')

Input: So , do n't come and try to con us with a howdy y'all or a cowboy hat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a howdy y ' all or a cowboy hat .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is so .','Do n't come and try to con us .'))

Input: Basketball star Michael Jordan and singer Randy Travis have also agreed to appear in ads .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Jordan was Basketball star .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Randy Travis was Michael Jordan .','Randy Travis was singer .' ), 'Randy Travis have also agreed to appear in ads .'))

Input: Although the personal computer maker said it expects revenue to meet or exceed previous projections of $ 385 million for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 , earnings are expected to be 25 cents to 35 cents a share , down from previous estimates of 50 cents to 60 cents .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the personal computer maker said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It expects revenue .','This is to meet or exceed previous projections of $ 385 million for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from previous estimates of 50 cents to 60 cents .','Earnings are expected to be 25 cents to 35 cents a share .')))

Input: Earnings for fiscal 1989 were $ 14.4 million , or 80 cents a share , on sales of $ 257.8 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 257.8 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Earnings for fiscal 1989 were $ 14.4 million .','Earnings for fiscal 1989 were 80 cents a share .'))

Input: Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of November , according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive officer .','Results for the third quarter , are expected to be released the third week of November .' ), 'The third quarter was ending Oct. 31 .')

Input: Mr. Dell said he does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter , but said third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dell was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dell said .', CO/CONTRAST('He does n't expect a loss in either the third or fourth quarter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Third-quarter earnings could be as low as four cents a share .'))))

Input: In the third quarter last year , Dell had net income of $ 5 million , or 26 cents a share , on sales of $ 75.2 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 75.2 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Last year , Dell had net income of $ 5 million .','Last year , Dell had net income of 26 cents a share .')))

Input: Some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip , the 486 -- but others apparently have been caused by Dell 's explosive growth and thinly stretched resources .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip was the 486 .',', Some delays have been caused by a shortage of micoprocessors -- notably Intel Corp. 's newest chip -- .' ), 'Others apparently have been caused by Dell 's explosive growth and thinly stretched resources .')

Input: Product delays , however , have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors Compaq Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. price their PCs more aggressively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Compaq Computer Corp. was powerhouse competitors .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Product delays have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers .' ), ', Compaq Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. price their PCs more aggressively .'))

Input: The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The result has been thinner margins .', CO/LIST('Thinner margins have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort .','Thinner margins have been further eroded by rapid overseas expansion .'))

Input: But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers .','Dell carved out its market niche .' ), 'But it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy .'))

Input: In a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning a controlling interest in the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the two companies said in a joint statement .', SUB/ELABORATION('Their agreement is aimed at reducing the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sun Life has resulted from two major shareholders .','Two major shareholders were owning a controlling interest in the company .' ), 'The two companies 's combined equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares .')))

Input: In return , the agreement would force UAP to buy TransAtlantic 's 29.8 % holding in Sun Life or sell its 22.9 % stake to TransAtlantic at a price set by Transatlantic .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to TransAtlantic .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a price set by Transatlantic .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in return .','The agreement would force UAP to buy TransAtlantic 's 29.8 % holding in Sun Life or sell its 22.9 % stake .')))

Input: Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies and expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said .', CO/LIST('It agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies .','It expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings .'))

Input: In the year-earlier quarter , the well-servicing contractor had net income of $ 319,000 , or 3 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 15 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of about $ 15 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The well-servicing contractor had net income of $ 319,000 .','The well-servicing contractor had 3 cents a share .')))

Input: Separately , the Houston concern said it signed letters of intent for the cash and stock purchases of a total of 29 well-servicing rigs from two concerns located in New Mexico and California .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Houston concern said .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from two concerns .','Two concerns were located in New Mexico and California .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the cash and stock purchases of a total of 29 well-servicing rigs .','It signed letters of intent .')))

Input: It did n't disclose specifics but said it expects to complete the purchases by Nov. 1 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It did n't disclose specifics .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by Nov. 1 .','It expects to complete the purchases .')))

Input: Net for the oil-field services and electronic measurements and systems concern rose to $ 114.2 million , or 48 cents a share , from $ 112.2 million , or 42 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 112.2 million a year earlier .','This was from 42 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net for the oil-field services and electronic measurements and systems concern rose to $ 114.2 million .','Net for the oil-field services and electronic measurements and systems concern rose to 48 cents a share .'))

Input: Nine-month net fell 9.5 % to $ 323.4 million , or $ 1.36 a share , from $ 357.2 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 323.4 million .','This was to $ 1.36 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 357.2 million a year earlier .','This was from $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier .' ), 'Nine-month net fell 9.5 % .'))

Input: This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million , or five cents a share , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business , and $ 22 million , or nine cents a share , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal .', CO/LIST('This is from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business .','This is from the sale of $ 22 million , or nine cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million .','This year 's nine-month results include gains of five cents a share .')))

Input: The year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 35 million , or 13 cents a share , from sale of the company 's Electricity Control & Transformers division .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from sale of the company 's Electricity Control & Transformers division .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 35 million .','The year-earlier nine months include a gain of 13 cents a share .'))

Input: NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CRITICAL CARE Inc. was NEW ENGLAND .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in convertible subordinated debentures .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was through Morgan Stanley & Co. .','This was through Prudential-Bache Capital Funding .' ), ', CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million .')))

Input: Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including expansion of the company 's operations .', CO/LIST('Proceeds will be used for working capital .','Proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes .'))

Input: The group has n't forecast full-year earnings for 1989 , although it said that its first-half results are n't a good indication because of one-time elements and the seasonal nature of its operations .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The group has n't forecast full-year earnings for 1989 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', CO/LIST('Its first-half results are n't a good indication because of one-time elements .','Its first-half results are n't the seasonal nature of its operations .')))

Input: Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term and force companies to reconsider expanding in or relocating to the Bay Area and California , real-estate and relocation specialists said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the short term .','Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values .' )CO/LIST('Tuesday 's earthquake will force companies to reconsider expanding in or relocating to the Bay Area .','Tuesday 's earthquake will force companies to reconsider expanding in or relocating to California .' ), 'This was what real-estate and relocation specialists said .'))

Input: But real-estate experts and brokers said the quake undoubtedly will drag down prices in neighborhoods built on less stable ground , especially in the Bay Area .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what real-estate experts and brokers said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The quake undoubtedly will drag down prices in neighborhoods .','Neighborhoods were built on less stable ground , especially in the Bay Area .'))

Input: This is n't going to help , said Kenneth T. Rosen , chairman of the Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of California at Berkeley .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the district because of severe structural damage .','Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the city said .','As many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed .'))

Input: Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices for a while .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project .','Marina properties might bring .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .','The two-tier price structure would affect prices for a while .'))

Input: But they said the quake will force some companies to relocate or expand part or all of their operations outside the state .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is outside the state .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The quake will force some companies to relocate or expand part .','The quake will force some companies to relocate or expand all of their operations .')))

Input: A year earlier , Nationwide Health earned $ 2.4 million , or 29 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Nationwide Health earned $ 2.4 million .','Nationwide Health earned 29 cents a share .'))

Input: Nationwide Health said it has numerous financing activities under way to remedy the problem and will make up the dividend payment later if possible .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Nationwide Health said .', CO/LIST('It has numerous financing activities under way to remedy the problem .','It will make up the dividend payment later if possible .'))

Input: Aussedat Rey S.A. , a French paper producer , said it concluded an agreement with Japan 's Fuji Photo Film Co. that will allow Aussedat Rey to manufacture and sell thermal paper using Fuji technology .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Aussedat Rey S.A. was a French paper producer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Aussedat Rey S.A. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was with Japan 's Fuji Photo Film Co. .','It concluded an agreement .' ), 'An agreement with Japan 's Fuji Photo Film Co. will allow Aussedat Rey to manufacture and sell thermal paper using Fuji technology .')))

Input: Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Net income rose to $ 97.9 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 50.5 million , or 60 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 50.5 million a year earlier .','This was from 60 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income rose to $ 97.9 million .','Net income rose to $ 1.15 a share .'))

Input: The gain resulted from the sale of Grace Equipment Co. , the initial public offering of a one-sixth interest in Grace Energy Corp. and an adjustment in the carrying value of certain natural resource assets not part of Grace Energy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Grace Equipment Co. was the initial public offering of a one-sixth interest .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the carrying value of certain natural resource assets not part of Grace Energy .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in Grace Energy Corp. .','This was in an adjustment .' ), 'The gain resulted from the sale of Grace Equipment Co. .')))

Input: The legislation would open the way for more telephone services and more competition in the telephone business in the three provinces , federal officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the telephone business in the three provinces .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for more telephone services .','This is for more competition .' ), 'The legislation would open the way .' ), 'This was what Federal officials said .'))

Input: The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba and in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings and subject to federal legislative authority .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision held .','The major telephone companies in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba and in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings and subject to federal legislative authority .'))

Input: Prior to the ruling the federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in Quebec , Ontario , British Columbia and the Northwest Territories .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was prior to the ruling .', CO/LIST('The federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in Quebec .','The federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in Ontario .','The federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in British Columbia .','The federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in the Northwest Territories .'))

Input: Under terms of the loan agreement , Amdura said it will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares , which are due Nov. 15 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Amdura said under terms of the loan agreement .','It will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares .' ), 'Its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares are due Nov. 15 .')

Input: Amdura , a Denver hardware and automotive distributor , said the new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Amdura was a Denver hardware and automotive distributor .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Amdura said .','The new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements .'))

Input: Three savings-and-loan institutions in Kansas and Texas were added to the Resolution Trust Corp. 's conservatorship program after federal regulators declared the thrifts insolvent and named the RTC their receiver .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Three savings-and-loan institutions in Kansas and Texas were added to the Resolution Trust Corp. 's conservatorship program .', CO/LIST('Federal regulators declared the thrifts insolvent .','Federal regulators named the RTC their receiver .'))

Input: The deposits , assets and certain liabilities of the three thrifts were transferred to newly chartered federal mutual institutions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved the assumption of Century 's deposits and fully secured liabilities by a newly chartered subsidiary of Valley Capital Corp. , Las Vegas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Valley Capital Corp. was Las Vegas .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a newly chartered subsidiary of Valley Capital Corp. .','The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved the assumption of Century 's deposits and fully secured liabilities .'))

Input: It also will buy about $ 91.7 million of assets , and the FDIC will advance $ 31.8 million to the assuming bank .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It also will buy about $ 91.7 million of assets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the assuming bank .','The FDIC will advance $ 31.8 million .'))

Input: The rescue operation will consist of a capital boost for Societe Commerciale of one billion francs through issues of new shares and convertible bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is through issues of new shares .','This is through issues of convertible bonds .' ), 'The rescue operation will consist of a capital boost for Societe Commerciale of one billion francs .')

Input: International Business Machines Corp. and MCA Inc. said they agreed to sell their Discovision Associates joint venture to U.S. units of Pioneer Electronic Corp. for $ 200 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what International Business Machines Corp. and MCA Inc. said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to U.S. units of Pioneer Electronic Corp. for $ 200 million .','They agreed to sell their Discovision Associates joint venture .'))

Input: Discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers covering CD audio disks , audio disk players , videodisks and videodisk players .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers .', CO/LIST('Major manufacturers are covering CD audio disks .','Major manufacturers are covering audio disk players .','Major manufacturers are covering videodisks .','Major manufacturers are covering videodisk players .'))

Input: It also licenses optically based data storage and retrieval devices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: James N. Fiedler , president of Discovision and a vice president of MCA , said that IBM and MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , which is now profitable , but that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('James N. Fiedler was president of Discovision .','James N. Fiedler was a vice president of MCA .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what James N. Fiedler said .','That IBM and MCA had n't planned to sell the joint venture , but that Pioneer approached Discovision earlier this year .' ), 'The joint venture is now profitable .'))

Input: Tokyo stocks closed higher in moderately active but directionless trading as the recent anxiety in world stock markets continued to fade .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in moderately active but directionless trading .','Tokyo stocks closed higher .' ), 'The recent anxiety in world stock markets continued to fade .')

Input: London shares also closed firmer in thin trading driven largely by technical factors and support from a new Wall Street rally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('London shares also closed firmer in thin trading .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a new Wall Street rally .','Thin trading was driven largely by technical factors and support .'))

Input: Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues , which gained 111.48 points Wednesday , climbed 266.66 , or 0.76 % , to 35374.22 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 35374.22 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues climbed 266.66 .','Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues climbed 0.76 % .' ), 'Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues gained 111.48 points Wednesday .'))

Input: The morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers , but some institutions participated in the afternoon , encouraged by the market 's firmness , traders said .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The morning session was dominated by individuals and dealers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Some institutions participated in the afternoon .','The afternoon was encouraged by the market 's firmness .' ), 'This was what traders said .'))

Input: Having survived both last Friday 's 6.9 % Wall Street plunge and the immediate aftermath of the San Francisco Bay area earthquake , Tokyo market participants expressed relief that trading had returned to normal .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tokyo market participants were having survived both last Friday 's 6.9 % Wall Street plunge and the immediate aftermath of the San Francisco Bay area earthquake .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tokyo market participants expressed relief .','Trading had returned to normal .'))

Input: Hiroyuki Murai , general manager of the stock trading division at Nikko Securities , said that after looking at the reasons for Friday 's Wall Street plunge , participants realized that the Tokyo and New York markets have different economic fundamentals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hiroyuki Murai was general manager of the stock trading division at Nikko Securities .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hiroyuki Murai said .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Participants were looking at the reasons for Friday 's Wall Street plunge .', SUB/ELABORATION('Participants realized .','The Tokyo and New York markets have different economic fundamentals .'))))

Input: Yoshiaki Mitsuoka , head of the investment information department at Daiwa Investment Trust & Management , said that if New York stocks just fluctuate in or near their current range , the Tokyo market will remain firm with a moderately upward trend for the rest of the year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yoshiaki Mitsuoka was head of the investment information department at Daiwa Investment Trust & Management .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Yoshiaki Mitsuoka said .', SUB/CONDITION('New York stocks just fluctuate in or near their current range .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a moderately upward trend for the rest of the year .','The Tokyo market will remain firm .'))))

Input: But traders said the market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy , as the future direction of U.S. interest rates remains unclear .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy .','The future direction of U.S. interest rates remains unclear .'))

Input: Investor interest switches back and forth ceaselessly as they are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure , Mr. Mitsuoka of Daiwa Investment Trust said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mitsuoka was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Investor interest switches back and forth ceaselessly .','They are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure .' ), 'This was what Mitsuoka of Daiwa Investment Trust said .'))

Input: Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and rotated their buying to other issues , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday .', CO/LIST('Investors quickly took profits .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to other issues .','Investors quickly rotated their buying .' ), 'This was what traders said .')))

Input: Fujisawa Pharmaceutical gained 130 to 1,930 yen -LRB- $ 13.64 -RRB- a share , Mochida Pharmaceutical was up 150 at 4,170 , and Eisai advanced 60 to 2,360 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1,930 yen -LRB- $ 13.64 -RRB- a share .','Fujisawa Pharmaceutical gained 130 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,360 .','Eisai advanced 60 .'))

Input: Daiwa House advanced 100 to 2,610 , Misawa Homes was up 60 at 2,940 , and Sekisui House gained 100 to 2,490 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,610 .','Daiwa House advanced 100 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,490 .',', Sekisui House gained 100 .'))

Input: They and many other major Japanese corporations will issue results soon for the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('They will issue results soon for the fiscal first half .','Many other major Japanese corporations will issue results soon for the fiscal first half .' ), 'The fiscal first half was ended Sept. 30 .')

Input: Ohbayashi was up 60 to close at 1,680 , Shimizu gained 50 to 2,120 , and Kumagai-Gumi advanced 40 to 1,490 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ohbayashi was up 60 to close at 1,680 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1,490 .','Kumagai-Gumi advanced 40 .'))

Input: U.K. money supply figures for September , released yesterday , showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending , which will keep pressure on the government to maintain tight credit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('U.K. money supply figures for September showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending .','U.K. money supply figures for September were released yesterday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the government to maintain tight credit .',', Continued growth in corporate and personal lending will keep pressure .'))

Input: Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Burton was furniture retailer .', CO/LIST('Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing .','Another active FT-SE 100 stock was Burton .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Burton was furniture retailer .',', Clothing and Burton gained 6 to 196 .')))

Input: Sun Alliance fell 1 to close at 289 , and General Accident jumped 10 to # 10.13 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE(', Sun Alliance fell 1 .','This was to close at 289 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 10.13 .','General Accident jumped 10 .'))

Input: Prices also closed higher in Singapore , Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Hong Kong and Manila but were lower in Seoul .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Singapore , Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Hong Kong and Manila .','Prices also closed higher .' ), 'Prices also were lower in Seoul .')

Input: The White House announced that Mr. Agnos , along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda , are to accompany President Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Agnos was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the White House announced .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda .','Agnos are to accompany Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today .'))))

Input: And one White House official reported that Mr. Agnos had been very helpful in making arrangements for Mr. Bush 's hastily scheduled trip to California .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Agnos was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one White House official reported .','Agnos had been very helpful in making arrangements for Bush 's hastily scheduled trip to California .'))

Input: Gold and silver broker Preston Semel asked a federal court to halt the Commodity Exchange from imposing a record $ 550,000 fine on his firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Preston Semel was silver broker .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Gold asked a federal court .','Preston Semel asked a federal court .' ), 'This was to halt the Commodity Exchange from imposing a record $ 550,000 fine on his firm .'))

Input: The fine and suspension , announced in August , are the stiffest sanctions the Comex has ever ordered against one of its members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The fine and suspension are the stiffest sanctions .','The Comex has ever ordered against one of its members the stiffest sanctions .' ), 'The fine and suspension were announced in August .')

Input: The Comex accused the 39-year-old Mr. Semel of fraudulent conduct and improper trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Semel was the 39-year-old Mr. .', CO/LIST('The Comex accused Semel of fraudulent conduct .','The Comex accused Semel of improper trading .'))

Input: The commission denied Mr. Semel 's request that the fine and suspension be delayed pending the appeal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Semel was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the commission denied Semel 's request .','The fine and suspension be delayed pending the appeal .'))

Input: Fannie Mae , a federally chartered and shareholder-owned company , said the lenders include Prudential Home Mortgage Co. , a unit of Prudential Insurance Co. of America that operates in every state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fannie Mae was a federally chartered and shareholder-owned company .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Prudential Home Mortgage Co. was a unit of Prudential Insurance Co. of America .','A unit of Prudential Insurance Co. of America operates in every state .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fannie Mae said .','The lenders include Prudential Home Mortgage Co. .')))

Input: The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for cottages .','The loans can be for accessory apartments .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for home-sharing .',', Cottages were built in a relative 's yard or for sale-lease-back transactions .'))

Input: It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from lenders .','It buys loans .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is into securities for sale .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to investors .','It packages some .' ), 'It holds the remainder in a portfolio .'))

Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Gintel said Xtra has pursued business strategies that are n't in the best interest of stockholders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gintel was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gintel said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .', SUB/ELABORATION('Xtra has pursued business strategies .','Business strategies are n't in the best interest of stockholders .')))

Input: Energy prices continued to fall at the retail level , but economists worried about a big rise in wholesale energy costs .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Energy prices continued to fall at the retail level .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in wholesale energy costs .','Economists worried about a big rise .'))

Input: Chrysler will idle a Toledo assembly plant temporarily due to slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The rapid recovery continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and only minor loan losses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in consumer loans .','This was in higher interest margins .','This was in only minor loan losses .' ), 'The rapid recovery continued to be fueled by growth .')

Input: American Express 's profit climbed 21 % in the quarter , aided by a surge in its travel business and despite a big rise in Third World loan reserves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .','American Express 's profit climbed 21 % .' ), 'The quarter was aided by a surge in its travel business and despite a big rise in Third World loan reserves .')

Input: NASA awarded the contract to CSC in November but an appeal by Sterling Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract to the General Services Administration Board of Contract Appeals and the board required NASA to re-evaluate bidders ' proposals .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to CSC .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in November .','NASA awarded the contract .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the General Services Administration Board .','An appeal by Sterling Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract of Contract Appeals .' ), 'The board required NASA to re-evaluate bidders ' proposals .'))

Input: Sterling had completed a five-year contract for NASA but lost its bid for renewal .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Sterling had completed a five-year contract for NASA .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for renewal .',', Sterling lost its bid .'))

Input: Californians , meanwhile , tried to cope with still-limited services , blocked roadways and water shortages in the aftermath of the tremor that left scores dead and injured .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .', CO/LIST(', Californians tried to cope with still-limited services .',', Californians tried to cope with blocked roadways .',', Californians tried to cope with water shortages in the aftermath of the tremor .' ), 'The tremor left scores dead and injured .'))

Input: Bush is to visit the area today , and officials in Washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bush is to visit the area today .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials in Washington estimated .','Emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion .'))

Input: A series of earthquakes struck northern China , killing at least 29 people , injuring hundreds and razing about 8,000 homes , the Xinhua News Agency said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('A series of earthquakes struck northern China .', CO/LIST('A series of earthquakes were killing at least 29 people .','A series of earthquakes were injuring hundreds .','A series of earthquakes were razing about 8,000 homes .' ), 'This was what the Xinhua News Agency said .'))

Input: The House approved an $ 837 million aid package for Poland and Hungary , nearly double what Bush had requested .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was for Poland and Hungary .','The House approved an $ 837 million aid package .' ), 'Bush had requested .')

Input: The Guildford Four , three Irishmen and an Englishwoman , have been imprisoned since 1975 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Guildford Four was three Irishmen .','The Guildford Four was an Englishwoman .' ), 'The Guildford Four have been imprisoned since 1975 .')

Input: As they conferred near East Berlin , a pro-democracy protest erupted in the Baltic city of Greifswald , and activists threatened further rallies against leader Krenz 's expected hard-line policies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('They conferred near East Berlin .','A pro-democracy protest erupted in the Baltic city of Greifswald .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz was further rallies against leader .','Activists threatened Krenz 's expected hard-line policies .'))

Input: Police in Prague raided an international meeting on human rights , detaining Czechoslovakia 's former foreign minister , Jiri Hajak , and 14 other activists .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on human rights .','Police in Prague raided an international meeting .' )CO/LIST('Police in Prague were detaining Czechoslovakia 's former foreign minister .','Police in Prague were detaining Jiri Hajak .','Police in Prague were detaining 14 other activists .'))

Input: Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called the unique role that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gonzalez was Prime Minister .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was with Spain 's Gonzalez .','Bush met in Washington .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush discussed .','What the president called the unique role that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America .')))

Input: The robot probe was dispatched Wednesday by the shuttle crew , which is to conduct a series of medical and other experiments before their scheduled landing Monday in California .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The robot probe was dispatched Wednesday by the shuttle crew .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was before their scheduled landing Monday in California .','The shuttle crew is to conduct a series of medical and other experiments .'))

Input: Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Kabul 's forces .','The Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food .' ), 'Rebel artillerists were killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces .'))

Input: GOP Sen. Specter of Pennsylvania said he would vote to acquit federal Judge Alcee Hastings in his impeachment trial on charges of perjury and bribery conspiracy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Specter was GOP Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alcee Hastings was federal Judge .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Specter of Pennsylvania said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on charges of perjury and bribery conspiracy .','He would vote to acquit Alcee Hastings in his impeachment trial .'))))

Input: Kevin Logan , chief economist with the Swiss Bank Corp. , said that both PPI and CPI climbed around 4 1\/2 % year-to-year in September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kevin Logan was chief economist with the Swiss Bank Corp. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kevin Logan said .','Both PPI and CPI climbed around 41\/2 % year-to-year in September .'))

Input: The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Excluded from the sale are the interests of the trust and the corporation in two Las Vegas hotel-casinos .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more gaming properties .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(CO/LIST('The trust and corporation are completing the sale .','The trust and corporation are paying debts .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase .','The trust and corporation will consider a number of options including payment of special dividend .','The trust and corporation will consider a number of options including investment in more gaming properties .'))

Input: Baxter International Inc. , citing cost-cutting moves and increased sales of its home-care products and dialysis treatments , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a 5.9 % sales boost .','Baxter International Inc. posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income .' )CO/LIST('Baxter International Inc. was citing cost-cutting moves .','Baxter International Inc. was citing increased sales of its home-care products and dialysis treatments .'))

Input: The Deerfield , Ill. , medical products and services company posted net of $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , compared with $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 85 million a year ago .','This was compared with 28 cents a share , a year ago .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The Deerfield , Ill. , medical products and services company posted net of $ 102 million .','The Deerfield , Ill. , medical products and services company posted net of 34 cents a share .'))

Input: American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new expressions of interest from two previous bidders .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('American Medical has agreed to the offer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Medical said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from two previous bidders .','It had received new expressions of interest .')))

Input: American Medical said it would pursue the inquiries from the companies , but would n't identify them unless they make firm offers .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Medical said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the companies .','It would pursue the inquiries .' )SUB/CONDITION('American Medical would n't identify them .','They make firm offers .')))

Input: Some money managers are disenchanted with H&R Block because they suspect the company 's glory days are past , or at least passing .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', Some money managers are disenchanted with H&R Block .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they suspect .','The company 's glory days are past , or at least passing .'))

Input: But Capital Supervisors sold the last of its H&R Block holdings earlier this year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Zacks Investment Research counts five brokerage houses that consider the stock a buy , and four that call it a hold .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Zacks Investment Research counts five brokerage houses .','Zacks Investment Research counts four .' ), 'Four call it a hold .' ), 'Five brokerage houses consider the stock a buy .')

Input: But some money managers are doing just that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth , Mr. Sit says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sit is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth .','This is what Sit says .'))

Input: He figures Block earnings are now growing at about a 10 % annual rate -LRB- down from about 14 % the past five years -RRB- and will grow at an 8%-10 % rate in the future .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He figures .','Block earnings are now growing at about a 10 % annual rate -LRB- down from about 14 % the past five years -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the future .','He will grow at an 8 % -10 % rate .'))

Input: It was above 33 , adjusted for a subsequent split , in 1987 , and has n't gotten much higher since . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was above 33 -RRB- .','33 was adjusted for a subsequent split .' ), 'It has n't gotten much higher since . -RRB- .'))

Input: The CompuServe subsidiary -LRB- which provides information to home-computer users -RRB- is where the growth is , he said , but its format is still too complicated .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The CompuServe subsidiary -LRB- which provides information to home-computer users -RRB- is .', SUB/ELABORATION('The growth is .','He said .' ), 'Its format is still too complicated .'))

Input: CompuServe provides about 20 % of both sales and earnings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He concedes H&R Block is well-entrenched and a great company , but says it does n't grow fast enough for us .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he concedes .','H&R Block is well-entrenched and a great company .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','It does n't grow fast enough for us .'))

Input: We 're looking for something that grows faster and sells at a comparable -LCB- price-earnings -RCB- multiple .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We 're looking for something .', CO/LIST(', Something grows faster .',', Something sells at a comparable -LCB- price-earnings -RCB- multiple .'))

Input: Thomas M. Bloch , president and chief operating officer , says I would disagree that the tax business is mature .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Thomas M. Bloch is president .','Thomas M. Bloch is chief operating officer .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Thomas M. Bloch says .', SUB/ELABORATION('I would disagree .','The tax business is mature .')))

Input: He also says CompuServe 's earnings continue to grow 20 % to 30 % a year in spite of tough competition from giants like Sears and IBM .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in spite of tough competition .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from giants like Sears and IBM .',', CompuServe 's earnings continue to grow 20 % to 30 % a year .')))

Input: The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into common shares .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through the close of business .','Holders of the two issues can convert their stock Dec. 1 .')))

Input: Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was at $ 25.50 a share .','This was at $ 750 million .' ), 'Its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out .'))

Input: PUTS AND CALLS , STOCK MARKET PATOIS for options to sell or buy a company 's shares , were long an arcane Wall Street art best left to the experts , who used them either as a hedge or for pure speculation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('PUTS AND CALLS were STOCK MARKET PATOIS for options to sell or buy a company 's shares .','PUTS AND CALLS were long an arcane Wall Street art best left to the experts .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was either as a hedge or for pure speculation .','An arcane Wall Street art best left to the experts used them .'))

Input: Until then , options had been traded only in the over-the-counter market , mostly in New York , and in an almost invisible secondary market operating chiefly by telephone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by telephone .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was until then .','Options had been traded only in the over-the-counter market , mostly in New York , and in an almost invisible secondary market operating chiefly .'))

Input: By the end of 1973 , the number of underlying Big Board stocks had been increased to 50 and the options exchange had run up volume of 1.1 million contracts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the end of 1973 .','The number of underlying Big Board stocks had been increased to 50 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the end of 1973 .','The options exchange had run up volume of 1.1 million contracts .'))

Input: The NRC rejected Mr. Shannon 's argument that Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which owns the largest share of Seabrook , and 11 other owners are financially unable to guarantee the plant 's safe operation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Shannon was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the NRC rejected Shannon 's argument .','Public Service Co. of New Hampshire are financially unable to guarantee the plant 's safe operation .' )CO/LIST('New Hampshire owns the largest share of Seabrook .','New Hampshire owns 11 other owners .')))

Input: In its ruling , the NRC said that because Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the NRC said in its ruling .', SUB/CAUSE(', Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs .',', Consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless .'))

Input: Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Bristol-Myers Co. merged Oct. 4 .',', Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for both companies .','The new company reported third-period earnings .'))

Input: The drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts who said the Pittsburgh glass , coatings and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry , a major market for the company 's flat glass .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The sluggish construction industry was a major market for the company 's flat glass .', SUB/ELABORATION('The drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .','The Pittsburgh glass , coatings and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry .')))

Input: The coating segment also posted higher sales particularly in North America and Europe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sony Corp. , New York , said its bids for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. have been cleared by federal antitrust regulators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sony Corp. was New York .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. .',', Sony Corp. said its bids .' ), 'Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. have been cleared by federal antitrust regulators .'))

Input: Sony has agreed to buy both companies , but is in a legal battle with Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter Guber was Warner Communications Inc. over the services of producers .', CO/CONTRAST(', Sony has agreed to buy both companies .',', Sony is in a legal battle with Peter Guber and Jon Peters .'))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: China said the question of Taiwan 's membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade should be considered only after China 's own membership in the 97-nation organization is restored .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what China said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the question of Taiwan 's membership in the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade should be considered .','Only after China 's own membership in the 97-nation organization is restored .'))

Input: Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT , which sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements and sets world-commerce rules .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT .', CO/LIST('GATT sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements .','GATT sets world-commerce rules .'))

Input: The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to Taiwan , and the Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership in July 1986 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Taiwan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after their flight .','The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July 1986 .','The Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership .')))

Input: An appeals-court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 from the award , the largest ever set by a British jury , pending a reassessment of the damages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The award was the largest .','The largest was set by a British jury .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the award .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was pending a reassessment of the damages .','An appeals-court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 .')))

Input: But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sutcliffe was Mrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention .','It had n't libeled Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband .'))

Input: Senshukai said the partners plan to rent to tourists but will also sell to interested parties .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Senshukai said .', CO/CONTRAST('The partners plan to rent to tourists .','The partners will also sell to interested parties .'))

Input: Viktor Sidorenko , vice chairman of the State Committee on Nuclear Safety , said the two reactors were at Kursk and Smolensk .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Viktor Sidorenko was vice chairman of the State Committee on Nuclear Safety .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Viktor Sidorenko said .','The two reactors were at Kursk and Smolensk .'))

Input: Francis Dang , 41 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating Drexel Burnham Lambert of up to 2.1 million Singapore dollars -LRB- US$ 1.1 million -RRB- by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the London Commodities Exchange and the International Petroleum Exchange .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Drexel Burnham Lambert was cheating .', SUB/ELABORATION('Francis Dang was 41 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the London Commodities Exchange .','This was by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the International Petroleum Exchange .' ), 'Francis Dang is alleged to have been involved in Drexel Burnham Lambert of up to 2.1 million Singapore dollars -LRB- US$ 1.1 million -RRB- .')))

Input: Mr. Dang is alleged to have used the account of Singapore hotel and property magnate Ong Beng Seng to effect the transactions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dang was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ong Beng Seng was property magnate .','Dang is alleged to have used the account of Singapore hotel and Ong Beng Seng to effect the transactions .'))

Input: Japan says its economic growth will fall sharply if it cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas to cap emissions of carbon dioxide .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Japan says .', SUB/CONDITION('Its economic growth will fall sharply .', SUB/PURPOSE('It cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas .','This is to cap emissions of carbon dioxide .')))

Input: A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said .', SUB/ELABORATION('A study found .', SUB/CONDITION('Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % .',', Carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons .')))

Input: But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from environmentalists .','But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition .' ), 'This was what a second ministry official said .')

Input: The books 1,500 entries include stepping on cracks and knocking on wood ... .
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week beginning Oct. 23 , and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter , a Chrysler spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week .','A week was beginning Oct. 23 .' ), 'Overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter .' ), 'This was what a Chrysler spokesman said .')

Input: But that 's less than Chrysler officials had hoped when they set ambitious production schedules for the Toledo plant earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But that 's less .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chrysler officials had hoped .','When they set ambitious production schedules for the Toledo plant earlier this year .'))

Input: Even when it became clear this spring that demand was n't coming up to expectations , Chrysler officials resisted cutting output because Cherokee and Wagoneer are very profitable vehicles , the spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It became clear this spring .','Demand was n't coming up to expectations .' ), ', Chrysler officials resisted cutting output because Cherokee and Wagoneer are very profitable vehicles .' ), 'This was what the spokesman said .')

Input: The incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had cooled by last month .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a while .','The incentives boosted sales .' ), 'The pace had cooled by last month .')

Input: The result : Chrysler dealers had a bloated 82-day supply of the Cherokee as of the end of last month and a 161-day supply of the Comanche pickup , which Toledo also builds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Steve Lowe , general manager of Jasper , Ga. , dealership , said new rebates of $ 500 to $ 1,000 on the models have stimulated sales , but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steve Lowe was general manager of Jasper , Ga. , dealership .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Steve Lowe said .','New rebates of $ 500 to $ 1,000 on the models have stimulated sales , but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks .'))

Input: Separately , Chrysler said it will idle for four weeks the St. Louis assembly plant that builds the Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chrysler said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It will idle for four weeks the St. Louis assembly plant .','The St. Louis assembly plant builds the Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models .'))

Input: Chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on Nov. 20. , and 3,300 hourly workers will be affected .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chrysler officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Nov. 20 .','The plant is scheduled to resume production .' ), '3,300 hourly workers will be affected .'))

Input: GM said the assembly plant , which builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars , originally was scheduled to reopen Monday but now will not resume production until Oct. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what GM said .','The assembly plant originally was scheduled to reopen Monday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is until Oct. 30 .','GM now will not resume production .' ), 'The assembly plant builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars .'))

Input: The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The shutdown affects 3,000 workers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by about 4,320 cars .','The shutdown will cut output .'))

Input: The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet .', CO/LIST(', Sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year .',', Sales of the cars fell a steep 34.2 % early this month .'))

Input: The bank holding company posted net income of $ 54.4 million , or 87 cents a share , including $ 1.7 million , or three cents a share , in one-time tax benefits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was including $ 1.7 million .','This was including three cents a share , in one-time tax benefits .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The bank holding company posted net income of $ 54.4 million .','The bank holding company posted net income of 87 cents a share .'))

Input: A year earlier , net was $ 71.6 million , or $ 1.22 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 71.6 million .','Net was $ 1.22 a share .'))

Input: The rise resulted from the transfer to non-accrual status of $ 96 million owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , First Fidelity said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to non-accrual status of $ 96 million owed by two national borrowers .','This was to non-accrual status of $ 96 million owed by one local commercial real-estate customer .' ), 'The rise resulted from the transfer .' ), 'This was what First Fidelity said .')

Input: Coastal , a Houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in October 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Coastal was a Houston oil and gas company .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Coastal said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in October 1990 .','It expects to begin operations .')))

Input: The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines .','This is at the refinery to produce other products .' ), 'It may install additional processing units .'))

Input: Exxon Corp. built the plant but closed it in 1985 and sold off much of the equipment to dismantling contractors , from whom Coastal bought back much of the equipment .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('Exxon Corp. built .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1985 .','The plant but closed it .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to dismantling contractors .','The plant but sold off much of the equipment .' ), ', Coastal bought back much of the equipment from dismantling contractors .')))

Input: A Coastal spokesman said the biggest expense will be to refurbish the refinery but would n't say how much that would be .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Coastal spokesman said .','The biggest expense will be to refurbish the refinery .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A Coastal spokesman would n't say .','That would be .'))

Input: Coastal said the refinery 's expected daily production will include 34,000 barrels of jet fuel , 32,000 barrels of low-sulfur diesel fuel , 30,000 barrels of naphtha , 17,000 barrels of residual fuel oil , 8,000 barrels of asphalt and 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Coastal said .', CO/LIST('The refinery 's expected daily production will include 34,000 barrels of jet fuel .','The refinery 's expected daily production will include 32,000 barrels of low-sulfur diesel fuel .','The refinery 's expected daily production will include 30,000 barrels of naphtha .','The refinery 's expected daily production will include 17,000 barrels of residual fuel oil .','The refinery 's expected daily production will include 8,000 barrels of asphalt .','The refinery 's expected daily production will include 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock .'))

Input: Year-earlier net of $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , included the results of Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and Engineered Fabrics divisions , which were sold April 27 to the company 's chairman , Bernard L. Schwartz .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Year-earlier net of $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , included the results of Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and Engineered Fabrics divisions .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bernard L. Schwartz was the company 's chairman .','Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and Engineered Fabrics divisions were sold April 27 to the company 's chairman .'))

Input: Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million , or $ 1.44 a share , up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million .','Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 1.44 a share .'))

Input: Net income fell 8.6 % to $ 37.1 million , or $ 1.43 a share , from $ 40.6 million , or $ 1.56 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 37.1 million .','This was to $ 1.43 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 40.6 million .','This was from $ 1.56 a share .' ), 'Net income fell 8.6 % .'))

Input: HealthVest said two of its lenders have given it notices of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what HealthVest said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on bank loans .','Two of its lenders have given it notices of default .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what HealthVest said .','They may take actions to recover their loans .')))

Input: HealthVest is in a severe liquidity bind because its affiliate , Healthcare International Inc. , has failed to make about $ 10.6 million in principal and interest payments owed since August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Healthcare International Inc. was its affiliate .', SUB/CAUSE('HealthVest is in a severe liquidity bind .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in principal and interest payments .','Principal and interest payments were owed since August .' ), 'Its affiliate has failed to make about $ 10.6 million .')))

Input: Storage Technology Corp. had net income of $ 8.3 million , or 32 cents a share , for its fiscal-third quarter ended Sept. 29 , almost 15 times the $ 557,000 , or two cents a share , it posted for the year-ago period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was for its fiscal-third quarter ended Sept. 29 .','This was for almost 15 times the $ 557,000 .','This was for two cents a share .' ), ', Storage Technology Corp. had net income of $ 8.3 million , or 32 cents a share , it posted for the year-ago period .')

Input: Three companies , Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , Shell Canada Ltd. and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , applied to the Canadian National Energy Board to export 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta natural gas over 20 years starting in 1996 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Esso Resources Canada Ltd. were three companies .',', Shell Canada Ltd. were three companies .','Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. were three companies .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Three companies applied to the Canadian National Energy Board .','This was to export 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta natural gas over 20 years starting in 1996 .'))

Input: Shell , a subsidiary of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , will be allowed to export 0.9 trillion cubic feet , and Gulf , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd. will be allowed to export 3.2 trillion cubic feet .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Shell was a subsidiary of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group .',', Shell will be allowed to export 0.9 trillion cubic feet .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd. were Gulf .','Gulf will be allowed to export 3.2 trillion cubic feet .'))

Input: Combustion Engineering , which provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation , also sold Illinois Minerals Co. , based in Cairo , Ill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Combustion Engineering also sold Illinois Minerals Co. .','Illinois Minerals Co. were based in Cairo , Ill .' ), ', Combustion Engineering provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation .')

Input: Assets of Construction Equipment International , Houston , were sold to Essex Crane Inc. , and the assets of Elgin Electronics , Erie , Pa. , were sold to closely held Charter Technologies Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Construction Equipment International was Houston .','Assets of Construction Equipment International were sold to Essex Crane Inc. .' ), 'The assets of Elgin Electronics , Erie , Pa. , were sold to closely held Charter Technologies Inc .')

Input: That rose to nearly 18 % during the Depression , and has n't changed much since .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the Depression .','That rose to nearly 18 % .' ), 'That has n't changed much since .')

Input: But other figures are surprising .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major -LCB- growing -RCB- household asset , is n't .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady ; stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and downs of the stock market , and not a shift in stock-holding preferences .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady .' )CO/LIST(', Stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and downs of the stock market .',', Stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects not a shift in stock-holding preferences .'))

Input: Land and Other Real Estate : Land on which primary home is built , investment property .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stocks\/Mutual Funds : Stocks and mutual funds other than money-market funds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it sent a letter to LIN Broadcasting Corp. clarifying its revised tender offer for LIN and asking LIN to conduct a fair auction .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to LIN Broadcasting Corp. clarifying its revised tender offer for LIN and asking LIN to conduct a fair auction .','It sent a letter .'))

Input: These items were partly offset , MCA said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its Miller International unit , a maker and distributor of budget-priced audio cassettes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The effete Tyrannosaurus Rex Had strict Cretaceous views on sex , And that is why you only see him Reproduced in the museum .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The effete Tyrannosaurus Rex Had strict Cretaceous views on sex .', SUB/ELABORATION('That is .','You only see him Reproduced in the museum .'))

Input: Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the New York firm .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is according to individuals familiar with the New York firm .','Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This is according to individuals familiar with the New York firm .','Helmsley Enterprises Inc. is seeking other brokers .' ), 'This is to take over its policies .'))

Input: Industry sources estimate the agency brokers property and casualty premiums worth about $ 25 million annually , and has revenue , based on a standard 10 % commission rate , of about $ 2.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what industry sources estimate .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is worth about $ 25 million annually .','The agency brokers property and casualty premiums .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The agency has revenue of about $ 2.5 million .','Revenue was based on a standard 10 % commission rate .')))

Input: The insurance firm acts as a broker on policies covering buildings managed by HelmsleySpear and others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The insurance firm acts as a broker on policies .', CO/LIST('Policies were covering buildings managed by HelmsleySpear .','Policies were covering buildings managed by others .'))

Input: Helmsley 's insurance division had slightly exceeded that percentage , sources say , but the division was n't considered significant enough to the company to be restructured , particularly at a difficult time for the firm .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Helmsley 's insurance division had slightly exceeded that percentage .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was particularly .','The division was n't considered significant enough to the company to be restructured at a difficult time for the firm .'))

Input: Adverse publicity from the scandal surrounding its founder 's wife and related management strife have put pressure on the entire Helmsley organization .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the entire Helmsley organization .', SUB/ELABORATION('Adverse publicity from the scandal and related management strife have put pressure .','The scandal was surrounding its founder 's wife .'))

Input: Down the street , a car pulls into the Shell station and is surrounded by black attendants .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is down the street .','A car pulls into the Shell station .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was down the street .','A car is surrounded by black attendants .'))

Input: But inside the white walls of the Orange Workers ' office -- just about the largest building in town , save for the Dutch Reformed Church and the school -- South Africa 's neat racial order is awry .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A dozen white office workers fold newsletters and stuff them into envelopes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A dozen white office workers fold newsletters .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into envelopes .','A dozen white office workers stuff them .'))

Input: If we want to have our own nation , then we must be willing to do all the work ourselves , says Hendrik Verwoerd Jr. , son of the former prime minister and the leader of the Orange Workers , founded in 1980 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The pillars of apartheid may be trembling in the rest of South Africa , with Johannesburg opening its public facilities to all races , blacks storming the all-white beaches of the Cape and the government releasing seven leaders of the banned African National Congress .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was with Johannesburg opening its public facilities to all races .','This was with blacks storming the all-white beaches of the Cape .','This was with the government releasing seven leaders of the banned African National Congress .' ), 'The pillars of apartheid may be trembling in the rest of South Africa .')

Input: Their idea is to create a city , first , and then an entire nation -- without blacks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is without blacks .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is first .', CO/LIST('Their idea is to create a city .','Their idea is to create then an entire nation -- .')))

Input: But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('An Afrikaner homeland is an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa .','But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland is a mainstream desire of the right-wing .' ), 'The right-wing embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites .')

Input: Afrikaner philosophers and theologians have long ruminated on the need for a white homeland .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Fischer plows his own fields , sows his own corn and sunflowers , and feeds his own sheep .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fischer is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Fischer plows his own fields .', CO/LIST('Fischer sows his own corn .','Fischer sows sunflowers .' ), 'Fischer feeds his own sheep .'))

Input: On Main Street , Alida Verwoerd and her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop , then hurry home to fix lunch for the rest of the family .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Main Street .', CO/LIST('Alida Verwoerd look after the clothes and fabric shop , then hurry home .','Her daughters look after the clothes and fabric shop , then hurry home .' ), 'This is to fix lunch for the rest of the family .'))

Input: If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , says Mr. Verwoerd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He is sitting in his living room , beneath a huge portrait of his late father , Hendrik F. Verwoerd , apartheid 's architect and South African prime minister from 1958 to 1966 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Hendrik F. Verwoerd is apartheid 's architect .', CO/LIST('This is beneath a huge portrait of his late father prime minister from 1958 to 1966 .','This is beneath a huge portrait of Hendrik F. Verwoerd prime minister from 1958 to 1966 .','This is beneath a huge portrait of South African prime minister from 1958 to 1966 .' ), 'He is sitting in his living room .'))

Input: We agree with world opinion that the status quo in South Africa is morally wrong , says Pieter Bruwer , the Orange Workers ' chief scribe and pamphleteer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The son believes that when the Afrikaners finally realize there is no turning back the integration of South African society and politics , Morgenzon will boom .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the son believes .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Afrikaners finally realize .','There is no turning back the integration of South African society and politics .' ), 'Morgenzon will boom .'))

Input: But do n't do anything rash .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After last Friday 's stock-market plunge , investment professionals cautioned people to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after last Friday 's stock-market plunge .','Investment professionals cautioned people .' ), 'This was to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks .')

Input: Now , with a semblance of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful pruning .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some advisers say with a semblance of normalcy returning .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks .', CO/LIST('They own the stocks .','They consider some careful pruning the stocks .')))

Input: We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period .', SUB/ELABORATION('We do n't think .','It will be ugly .'))

Input: Any selling , they say , should be well thought-out , and executed gradually , during market rallies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Any selling , they say , should be well thought-out .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during market rallies .','Any selling , they say , executed gradually .'))

Input: Most people do just the opposite : They sell their winners and keep their losers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Clough says , The risk is that earnings disappointments will continue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Clough is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Clough says , The risk is .','Earnings disappointments will continue .'))

Input: Takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks tighten their lending requirements , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Takeover activity will slow down .','More and more banks tighten their lending requirements .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: There 'll be fewer and fewer deals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Canelo thinks the market will probably go higher , but will be ruthless with stocks if the earnings are n't there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Canelo is Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Canelo thinks .','The market will probably go higher .' )SUB/CONDITION(', Canelo will be ruthless with stocks .','The earnings are n't there .')))

Input: Robert A. Oswald , chief financial officer and a director of this natural-gas pipeline company , was elected to the additional position of executive vice president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Robert A. Oswald was chief financial officer .','Robert A. Oswald was a director of this natural-gas pipeline company .' ), 'Robert A. Oswald was elected to the additional position of executive vice president .')

Input: In addition , Michael W. O'Donnell , executive vice president of a Columbia unit , was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael W. O'Donnell was executive vice president of a Columbia unit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Michael W. O'Donnell was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company .'))

Input: This magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors , increasing the board to 10 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what this magazine and book publisher said .', CO/LIST('Three men were elected directors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 10 .','Three men were increasing the board .')))

Input: They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert G. Schwartz is 61 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Walter V. Shipley is 53 .', CO/LIST('They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman .','They are : chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp .')))

Input: BankAmerica Corp. reported a 34 % jump in third-quarter earnings , as its rocket-like recovery from nearly ruinous losses several years ago continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and negligible loan losses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what BankAmerica Corp. reported a 34 % jump in third-quarter earnings .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in consumer loans .','This was in higher interest margins .','This was in negligible loan losses .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as its rocket-like recovery from nearly ruinous losses .',', Several years ago continued to be fueled by growth .')))

Input: For the quarter , BankAmerica said it earned $ 254 million , or $ 1.16 a share , compared with $ 190 million , or 97 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what BankAmerica said for the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 190 million a year earlier .','This was compared with 97 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It earned $ 254 million .','It earned $ 1.16 a share .')))

Input: For the first time in nearly two years , BankAmerica results failed to improve in consecutive quarters , but the decline from the second quarter was attributable to special factors .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first time in nearly two years .','BankAmerica results failed to improve in consecutive quarters .' ), 'The decline from the second quarter was attributable to special factors .')

Input: Third-quarter profit was 16 % below the $ 304 million , or $ 1.50 a share , earned in the 1989 second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was below the $ 304 million .','This was below $ 1.50 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Third-quarter profit was 16 % .','16 % was earned in the 1989 second quarter .'))

Input: Moreover , BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was against troubled foreign loans .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter .','BankAmerica continued to build its reserve .'))))

Input: The provision rate was far above BankAmerica 's actual net credit losses of $ 24 million in the third quarter , compared with $ 18 million in the second period and $ 38 million a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with $ 18 million in the second period .','This was compared with $ 38 million a year earlier .' ), 'The provision rate was far above BankAmerica 's actual net credit losses of $ 24 million in the third quarter .')

Input: That level is about the same as some other big banks , but far below the 85 % and 100 % reserves of Bankers Trust New York Corp. and J.P. Morgan & Co. , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is respectively .', CO/LIST('That level is about the same as some other big banks , but far below the 85 % and 100 % reserves of Bankers Trust New York Corp. .','That level is about the same as some other big banks , but far below the 85 % and 100 % reserves of J.P. Morgan & Co. .'))

Input: But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Wells Fargo & Co. was its San Francisco neighbor .','But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Wells Fargo & Co. was its San Francisco neighbor .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on assets .','Its San Francisco neighbor reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return .')))

Input: Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel , with computers , robots and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with computers , robots and machine tools .','Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel .' )CO/LIST(', Computers , robots and machine tools generally speak their own language .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Computers , robots and machine tools generally have trouble .','Trouble is talking to each other .')))

Input: As a result , if a problem develops on a production line , it is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('A problem develops on a production line .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result .','It is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it .'))

Input: So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products that will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe , or anything in between .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION(', So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products .',', So IBM will be announcing anything in between .' ), 'More than 50 products will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe .')

Input: In Armonk , N.Y. , an IBM spokeswoman confirmed that IBM executives will be announcing some computer-integrated-manufacturing plans next week but declined to elaborate .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Armonk , N.Y. .','An IBM spokeswoman confirmed .' ), 'IBM executives will be announcing some computer-integrated-manufacturing plans next week .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Armonk , N.Y. .','An IBM spokeswoman declined to elaborate .'))

Input: The industry executives said that , as usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part reality and part strategy .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the industry executives said .', CO/LIST('As usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part reality .','As usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part strategy .'))

Input: So it will take many quarters for IBM to roll out all the products that customers need , and it will take years for customers to integrate the products into their operations .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for IBM .',', So it will take many quarters .' ), 'This is to roll out all the products that customers need , and it will take years for customers to integrate the products into their operations .')

Input: While IBM has traditionally dominated the market for computers on the business side of manufacturing operations and has done well in the market for design tools , Digital has dominated computerized manufacturing .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the business side of manufacturing operations .','IBM has traditionally dominated the market for computers .' ), 'IBM has done well in the market for design tools .' ), 'Digital has dominated computerized manufacturing .')

Input: In addition , Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the sorts of industry standards .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment .' )CO/LIST('The sorts of industry standards facilitate those hookups .','The sorts of industry standards could give IBM some problems .')))

Input: That is because many companies will standardize on certain types of equipment as the various parts of the manufacturing market merge , and IBM is the biggest player .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('That is .', SUB/ELABORATION('Many companies will standardize on certain types of equipment .','The various parts of the manufacturing market merge .' ), 'IBM is the biggest player .'))

Input: But much will depend on how quickly IBM can move .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing , CIM , seems to be making a comeback after losing a little luster over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a panacea that would make U.S. plants more efficient and banish foreign competition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CIM was the whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after losing a little luster over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a panacea .','The whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing seems to be making a comeback .' )CO/LIST('A panacea would make U.S. plants more efficient .','A panacea would banish foreign competition .')))

Input: In making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't melt , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for instance .','A chip was making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips .' )CO/LIST('A chip sometimes does n't melt .','A chip sometimes gets caught in the machinery .','A chip sometimes creates a run in the sheets .'))

Input: That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('That can be expensive .','The problem may not be noticed for a while .' ), 'The sheets are typically thrown away .')

Input: But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Keller was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Keller said .', SUB/CONDITION(', Computers can be integrated into the process .','They could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred .')))

Input: The No. 2 auto maker 's new Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced , and Ford 's trucks are losing ground to their GM rivals .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year .','The No. 2 auto maker 's new Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar models have n't met sales expectations .' ), 'They were introduced .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to their GM rivals .','Ford 's trucks are losing ground .'))

Input: The Japanese assault on the luxury market is rapidly overshadowing such European makes as Audi and Saab , which at least have clear brand images .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as Audi and Saab .','The Japanese assault on the luxury market is rapidly overshadowing such European makes .' ), 'Audi and Saab at least have clear brand images .')

Input: Merkur , as an import on domestic car lots , suffered from the same sort of image confusion that is hobbling sales of imports at General Motors Corp. and Chrysler Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as an import on domestic car lots .','Merkur suffered from the same sort of image confusion .' )CO/LIST('The same sort of image confusion is hobbling sales of imports at General Motors Corp. .','The same sort of image confusion is hobbling sales of imports at Chrysler Corp .'))

Input: But the brand had trouble from the start .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This year , Scorpio sales plummeted , and at the current sales pace it would take Ford 242 days to sell off the current Scorpio inventory of about 4,600 cars .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This year , Scorpio sales plummeted .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the current sales pace .','It would take Ford 242 days .' ), 'This is to sell off the current Scorpio inventory of about 4,600 cars .'))

Input: Canadian Pacific Ltd. said it proposed acquiring the 44 % of Soo Line Corp. it does n't already own for $ 19.50 a share , or about $ 81.9 million , after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Canadian Pacific Ltd. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year .','It proposed acquiring the 44 % of Soo Line Corp. .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('It does n't already own for $ 19.50 a share .','It does n't already own for about $ 81.9 million Soo Line Corp. .')))

Input: Canadian Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but could n't find any takers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pacific was Canadian .', CO/CONTRAST('Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year .','Pacific could n't find any takers .'))

Input: Canadian Pacific is Soo Line 's biggest customer and has owned a majority stake in the U.S. railroad since 1947 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pacific was Canadian .', CO/LIST('Pacific is Soo Line 's biggest customer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since 1947 .','Pacific has owned a majority stake in the U.S. railroad .')))

Input: Canadian Pacific and Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border and the two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the Canada-U.S. border .',', Canadian Pacific and Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West .' ), 'The two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service .')

Input: Golden Nugget Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 13.1 million , or 76 cents a share , based on 17.2 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on 17.2 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Golden Nugget Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 13.1 million .','Golden Nugget Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of 76 cents a share .'))

Input: The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million , or seven cents a share , based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million .','The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of seven cents a share .'))

Input: Most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge Mirage resort-casino scheduled to open next month along the Strip , and an April 1989 financing by units operating the downtown Golden Nugget property .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge Mirage resort-casino .', CO/LIST('The company 's huge Mirage resort-casino was scheduled to open next month along the Strip .','The company 's huge Mirage resort-casino was scheduled to open an April 1989 financing by units .' ), 'Units were operating the downtown Golden Nugget property .'))

Input: For the nine months , Golden Nugget reported a net loss of $ 11.4 million , or 69 cents a share , based on 16.6 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on 16.6 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Golden Nugget reported a net loss of $ 11.4 million .','Golden Nugget reported a net loss of 69 cents a share .')))

Input: The year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million , or 20 cents a share , based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was the year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million .','The company had a net loss of 20 cents a share .')))

Input: Capital Holding Corp. said it requested and received the resignation of John A. Franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the life insurance holding company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Capital Holding Corp. said .', CO/LIST('It requested and received the resignation of John A. Franco of the life insurance holding company .','It requested and received the resignation of its vice chairman of the life insurance holding company .','It requested and received the resignation of as an officer of the life insurance holding company .','It requested and received the resignation of a director of the life insurance holding company .'))

Input: The group temporarily will report to Irving W. Bailey II , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Capital Holding .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that nothing is at a mature stage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Franco was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview .', CO/CONTRAST('That he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures .','That nothing is at a mature stage .')))

Input: Martin H. Ruby , a managing director of Capital Holding 's Accumulation and Investment Group , also resigned to pursue other business interests , Capital Holding said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Martin H. Ruby was a managing director of Capital Holding 's Accumulation and Investment Group .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Martin H. Ruby also resigned to pursue other business interests .','This was what Capital Holding said .'))

Input: But few knew it then and most still think all pencils are wooden .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But few knew it then .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what most think .','All pencils are wooden .'))

Input: But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little , a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arthur D. Little was a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little .','Its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 .'))

Input: Pencil pushers chew and put the plastic models behind their ears just like traditional pencils made of glued strips of California incense cedar filled with ceramic lead .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was just like traditional pencils made of glued strips of California incense cedar .',', California incense cedar was filled with ceramic lead .' )CO/LIST('Pencil pushers chew .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was behind their ears .','Pencil pushers put the plastic models .')))

Input: Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with graphite-plastic cores .','Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths .' ), 'Graphite-plastic cores are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted .')

Input: Eagle 's plastic type sharpens and looks like a wooden pencil .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils .','The softness of the core constrains the plastic models .' ), 'No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils account for the bulk of the market .')

Input: It 's a trade secret how many were plastic , and most writers still do n't know what they 're using .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's a trade secret how many were plastic .', SUB/ELABORATION('Most writers still do n't know .','They 're using .'))

Input: H.F. Ahmanson , parent of Home Savings of America , reported third-quarter net of $ 49.2 million , or 50 cents a share , down from $ 56.1 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('H.F. Ahmanson was parent of Home Savings of America .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from $ 56.1 million , or 57 cents a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('H.F. Ahmanson reported third-quarter net of $ 49.2 million .','H.F. Ahmanson reported third-quarter net of 50 cents a share .'))))

Input: Third-quarter spreads widened to the highest level in two years as loan portfolio yields rose and money costs declined , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in two years .','Third-quarter spreads widened to the highest level .' ), 'Loan portfolio yields rose .' ), 'Money costs declined .' ), 'This was what the company said .')

Input: Great Western , based in Beverly Hills , Calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank , an S&L .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Beverly Hills is Calif. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Great Western Bank is an S&L .', SUB/ELABORATION('Great Western is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank .','Great Western is based in Beverly Hills .')))

Input: Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago primarily as a result of continued weakness in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the recent quarter .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California .','This was primarily as a result of continued weakness .' ), 'This was compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago .' ), 'Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million .'))

Input: But revenue declined more than 2 % , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of credit services in the wake of controversy over the company 's sales practices .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But revenue declined more than 2 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the wake of controversy over the company 's sales practices .','But revenue was reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of credit services .'))

Input: Net income rose to a record $ 155.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 134.8 million , or 72 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 134.8 million .','This was from 72 cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income rose to a record $ 155.3 million .','Net income rose to a record 83 cents a share .'))

Input: Analysts said the results were as expected , but several added that the earnings masked underlying weaknesses in several businesses .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .','The results were as expected .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Several added .','The earnings masked underlying weaknesses in several businesses .'))

Input: For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','He noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .', CO/LIST('He noted , nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million .','A lower tax rate helped boost net income .')))

Input: The computer equipment and financial services company said IATA , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 180 airline members world-wide .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('IATA was a trade group .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the computer equipment and financial services company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the package to its 180 airline members .','IATA will sell access world-wide .')))

Input: The package helps carriers solve pricing problems , such as how to react to discounts offered by competitors or what would be the optimum number of seats to offer at a given price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as how to react to discounts or what would be the optimum number of seats to offer at a given price .','The package helps carriers solve pricing problems .' ), 'Discounts were offered by competitors .')

Input: Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. said it decided to proceed with installation of automatic gauge and shape controls at its 60-inch tandem cold rolling mill in Allenport , Pa .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at its 60-inch tandem cold rolling mill in Allenport , Pa .','It decided to proceed with installation of automatic gauge and shape controls .'))

Input: The new equipment , which will produce steel sheet with more uniform thickness and flatness , is likely to cost more than $ 20 million , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The new equipment is likely to cost more than $ 20 million .','This was what the company said .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with more uniform thickness and flatness .','The new equipment will produce steel sheet .'))

Input: When the company last considered adding the equipment two years ago , it estimated the cost at $ 21 million to $ 22 million , but a task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The company last considered adding the equipment two years ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at $ 21 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 22 million .','It estimated the cost .' ), 'A task force will have to prepare a detailed plan before the company can predict the current cost .')))

Input: Sir Richard is also a non-executive director at National Westminister Bank and NatWest Investment Bank Ltd .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard is Sir .', CO/LIST('Richard is also a non-executive director at National Westminister Bank .','Richard is also a non-executive director at NatWest Investment Bank Ltd .'))

Input: In the long , frightening night after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , Bay Area residents searched for comfort and solace wherever they could .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the long , frightening night after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake .','Bay Area residents searched for comfort and solace .' ), 'They could .')

Input: The quake knocked The Well out for six hours , but when it came back up , it teemed with emotional first-hand reports .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The quake knocked The Well out for six hours .', SUB/ELABORATION('It came back up .','It teemed with emotional first-hand reports .'))

Input: I was in the avenues , on the third floor of an old building , and except for my heart -LRB- Beat , BEAT ! -RRB- I 'm OK .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the third floor of an old building .','I was in the avenues .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is except for my heart -LRB- Beat , BEAT ! -RRB- .','I 'm OK .'))

Input: Got back to Bolinas , and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor , file cabinets open or dumped onto the floor .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Got back to Bolinas .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Broken poster frames with glass on the floor were file cabinets open .','Broken poster frames with glass on the floor were dumped onto the floor .' ), 'Everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor .'))

Input: I felt the temblor begin and glanced at the table next to mine , smiled that guilty smile and we both mouthed the words , Earth-quake ! together .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('This time , it just got stronger .', SUB/ELABORATION('The building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child 's toy block .','A child 's toy block was being tossed .'))

Input: Except for the gas tank at Hustead 's Towing Service exploding and burning in downtown Berkeley , things here are quite peaceful .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Berkeley is downtown .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is except for the gas tank at Hustead 's Towing Service .','This is exploding and burning in Berkeley .' ), 'Things here are quite peaceful .'))

Input: I was driving my truck , stopped at a red light at the corner of Shattuck and Alcatraz at the Oakland-Berkeley border when it hit .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(SUB/ELABORATION('I was driving my truck .','It hit .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was at the Oakland-Berkeley border .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at the corner of Shattuck and Alcatraz .','I was stopped at a red light .' ), 'It hit .')))

Input: I rode it out on the second floor of Leo 's at 55th and Telegraph in Oakland .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 55th and Telegraph .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was out on the second floor of Leo 's .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Oakland .','I rode it .')))

Input: Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Building on the corner severely damaged .', CO/LIST('An old lady are in the guest room .','Her very old mother are in the guest room .'))

Input: Books and software everywhere .
Prediction: NONE

Input: No power , minimal phones , and a mess of mayonnaise , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People 's Co-op .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals , and the mouse that 's been living in my kitchen has taken refuge under my desk .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under my desk .','The mouse has taken refuge .' ), 'The mouse 's been living in my kitchen .'))

Input: It runs out frantically now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('It runs out frantically now .','It then .' ), 'It is clearly pretty distressed .')

Input: Everyone looked calm , but there was this surreal low level of confusion as the aftershocks continued .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Everyone looked calm .', SUB/ELABORATION('There was this surreal low level of confusion .','The aftershocks continued .'))

Input: CP_START CP CP CP OTHERS CC CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Then I noticed .', SUB/ELABORATION('The car was bouncing up and down .',', Someone were jumping on it .'))

Input: I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I realized what was happening .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the dogs .','I screamed into the house .'))

Input: When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge , I began to cry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('I saw the pictures of 880 .','I saw the pictures of the Bay Bridge .' ), 'I began to cry .')

Input: I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients , a couple , and the building started shaking like crazy .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Some new therapy clients were a couple .','I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients .' ), 'The building started shaking like crazy .')

Input: It 's a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's a flimsy structure .','A flimsy structure was built up on supports .' ), 'It was really rocking around .')

Input: Biggest trouble was scared family who could n't get a phone line through , and spent a really horrible hour not knowing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Biggest trouble was scared family .', CO/LIST('Family could n't get a phone line through .','Family spent a really horrible hour not knowing .'))

Input: Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be , but the structure is fine .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Not one thing in the house is .','It is supposed to be .' ), 'The structure is fine .')

Input: While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn !
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('I was standing on the lawn with Mame .','I was waiting for another tremor .' )SUB/ELABORATION('I noticed .', CO/LIST('All the earthworms were emerging from the ground .','All the earthworms were slithering across the lawn ! .')))

Input: It 's hard to accept that it 's over and only took 15 seconds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at a few minutes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was before eight .','I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar this morning .'))

Input: Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple , bundled into a blue sleeping bag , sat up , said , Good morning and then the woman smiled , said , Is n't it great just to be alive ?
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a homeless couple said .', CO/LIST('Good morning the woman smiled , said , Is n't it great just to be alive ? .','Then the woman smiled , said , Is n't it great just to be alive ? .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A homeless couple was bundled into a blue sleeping bag .','A blue sleeping bag was sat up .')))

Input: But the performance exceeded some estimates of around $ 1.90 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Another reason : strikes , both at Georgia-Pacific and other lumber companies also cut supplies and raised prices , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Another reason : strikes , both at Georgia-Pacific and other lumber companies also cut supplies .','Another reason : strikes , raised prices .' ), 'This was what analysts said .')

Input: The House Public Works and Transportation Committee approved a bill that would give the Transportation Department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs , despite a clear veto threat from the Bush administration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The House Public Works and Transportation Committee approved a bill .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite a clear veto threat from the Bush administration .','A bill would give the Transportation Department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs .'))

Input: The 23-5 vote clears the way for consideration on the House floor next week or the week after .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The 23-5 vote clears the way for consideration on the House floor next week .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is after .','The 23-5 vote the week .'))

Input: Some of the bill 's supporters had taken heart from the fact that the letter was n't signed by Mr. Skinner and that it did n't contain a veto threat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Skinner was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the fact that the letter was n't signed by Skinner and that it did n't contain a veto threat .',', Some of the bill 's supporters had taken heart .'))

Input: We backed this bill because we thought it would help Skinner , one Republican said , and now we 're out there dangling in the wind .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE('We backed this bill .', SUB/ELABORATION('We thought .','It would help Skinner .' ), 'We 're out there dangling in the wind .'))

Input: But he never took an official position on the bill and has steadfastly maintained that he already has enough authority to deal with buy-outs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the bill .','But he never took an official position .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But he never has steadfastly maintained .','He already has enough authority to deal with buy-outs .'))

Input: Under the committee bill , the Transportation secretary would have 30 days , and an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the committee bill .', CO/LIST('The Transportation secretary would have 30 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock .','The Transportation secretary would have an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock .'))

Input: The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would hurt safety or reduce the carrier 's ability to compete , or if it gave control to a foreign interest .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The panel 's action occurs in a politically charged atmosphere surrounding recent buy-out proposals , their apparent collapse and the volatile conditions in the stock market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The panel 's action occurs in a politically charged atmosphere .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the stock market .', CO/LIST('A politically charged atmosphere was surrounding recent buy-out proposals .','A politically charged atmosphere was surrounding their apparent collapse .','A politically charged atmosphere was surrounding the volatile conditions .')))

Input: In his letter to Committee Chairman Glenn Anderson -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- , the secretary also said the bill would be at odds with the administration 's policies welcoming open foreign investment and market allocation of resources .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Glenn Anderson was Committee Chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was Calif. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the secretary said in his letter to Glenn Anderson -LRB- D. -RRB- .', CO/LIST('The bill would be at odds with the administration 's policies .','The bill is welcoming open foreign investment and market allocation of resources .'))))

Input: Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Tokyo stocks extended their gains yesterday .','Tokyo stocks rebounded strongly Tuesday .' ), 'Most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower .')

Input: The mood changed after dealers reappraised the direct impact of the disaster on shares and Wall Street rebounded from early losses .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The mood changed .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dealers reappraised .','The direct impact of the disaster on shares and Wall Street rebounded from early losses .'))

Input: Dealers said the market still has n't shaken off its nervousness after its bumpy ride of the past several sessions , caused by interest-rate increases last week and Wall Street 's 6.9 % plunge Friday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was after its bumpy ride of the past several sessions .','This was after Wall Street 's 6.9 % plunge .' ), 'The market still has n't shaken off its nervousness Friday .' ), 'Its bumpy ride of the past several sessions was caused by interest-rate increases last week .'))

Input: But technical factors , including modest gains in the value of the pound , helped draw buying back into the market and reverse losses posted a day earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including modest gains in the value of the pound .','But technical factors helped .' ), 'Draw buying back into the market and reverse losses posted a day earlier .')

Input: B.A.T Industries fell in early dealings but recovered to finish at 754 , up 5 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('B.A.T Industries fell in early dealings .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 5 .','B.A.T Industries recovered to finish at 754 .'))

Input: The recent stock market drop has shaken confidence in the plan , but dealers said the shares fell initially on questions about whether Mr. Goldsmith 's highly leveraged bid will come to fruition .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The recent stock market drop has shaken confidence in the plan .', SUB/ELABORATION('Goldsmith was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The shares fell initially on questions about .','Goldsmith 's highly leveraged bid will come to fruition .'))))

Input: Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs -LRB- $ 318.7 million -RRB- and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group Eurocom .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eurocom was advertising group .', SUB/ELABORATION('WCRS Group was a U.K. advertising concern .','Trading was suspended in WCRS Group pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs -LRB- $ 318.7 million -RRB- and expanding commercial and equity ties with Eurocom .'))

Input: Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 673 .','Jaguar advanced 19 .' ), 'Traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker .')

Input: Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 111.48 points , or 0.32 % , to 35107.56 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 35107.56 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 111.48 points .','Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues rose 0.32 % .'))

Input: The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 41.76 Tuesday , was up 0.24 points , or 0.01 % , at 2642.88 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues was up 0.24 points at 2642.88 .','The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues was up 0.01 % , at 2642.88 .' ), 'All issues were listed in the first section .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues gained 41.76 Tuesday .','All issues were listed in the first section .'))

Input: On Wednesday , shares were pushed up by index-related buying on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Wednesday .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations .',', Shares were pushed up by index-related buying .' ), 'This was what traders said .'))

Input: The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit , which widened by 31 % in August from the previous month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the previous month .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','The U.S. trade deficit widened by 31 % .')))

Input: Traders and analysts said they did n't see any effect on Tokyo stocks from the California earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders and analysts said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from the California earthquake .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was on Tokyo stocks .','They did n't see any effect .')))

Input: With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with uncertainty still hanging over interest rates .','This was with uncertainty still hanging over the dollar .' ), 'The market failed to find a focus .' ), 'A focus might lead to further investor commitments .' ), 'This was what they said .')

Input: Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000 , and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,840 .','Ajinomoto gained 70 .'))

Input: Work began on homes and apartments at an annual rate of 1,263,000 units last month , down 5.2 % from August , the department said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at an annual rate of 1,263,000 units .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 5.2 % from August .','Work began on homes and apartments last month .' ), 'This was what the department said .'))

Input: Sales of new homes rose and inventories of houses , which had been climbing , dropped .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sales of new homes rose .', SUB/ELABORATION('Inventories of houses dropped .','Inventories of houses had been climbing .'))

Input: But last month new construction in all types of homes waned , from single-family houses to large apartment complexes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to large apartment complexes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from single-family houses .','But last month new construction in all types of homes waned .'))

Input: In August , rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit , but they inched down again through September .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','Rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit .' ), 'They inched down again through September .')

Input: Construction of apartments and other multi-family dwellings slipped 2.2 % to an annual rate of 1,022,000 following a 3.5 % decline in August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to an annual rate of 1,022,000 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was following a 3.5 % decline in August .',', Construction of apartments and other multi-family dwellings slipped 2.2 % .'))

Input: Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. posted a sharp third-quarter turnaround from a year earlier , but net income would have dropped from the second quarter without a $ 37 million after-tax gain .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .',', Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. posted a sharp third-quarter turnaround .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was without a $ 37 million after-tax gain .','Net income would have dropped from the second quarter .'))

Input: The securities firm posted third-quarter net of $ 66 million , or 64 cents a share , compared with a restated year-earlier loss of $ 3 million , or 11 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with a restated year-earlier loss of $ 3 million .','This was compared with a restated year-earlier loss of 11 cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The securities firm posted third-quarter net of $ 66 million .','The securities firm posted third-quarter net of 64 cents a share .'))

Input: In the 1989 second quarter , Shearson had net income of $ 55 million , or 54 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1989 second quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Shearson had net income of $ 55 million .',', Shearson had net income of 54 cents a share .'))

Input: The company said the improved performance from a year ago reflects higher commissions and revenue from marketmaking and trading for its own account .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from marketmaking and trading for its own account .','The improved performance from a year ago reflects higher commissions and revenue .'))

Input: But industrywide trading activity slowed in September as institutional investors turned cautious and individuals continued to shy away from the market .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But industrywide trading activity slowed in September .','Institutional investors turned cautious .' ), 'But individuals continued to shy away from the market .')

Input: Two major drug companies posted strong third-quarter earnings , in line with profits already reported by industry leaders and analysts ' expectations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with profits .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in line .','Two major drug companies posted strong third-quarter earnings .' ), 'Profits were reported by industry leaders and analysts ' expectations .'))

Input: Sales of health-care products increased 6 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin , an estrogen-replacement drug , and sales of the company 's infant formula .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin .','This was on strong sales of prescription drugs such as an estrogen-replacement drug .','This was on strong sales of prescription drugs such as sales of the company 's infant formula .' ), 'This was based in part .' ), ', Sales of health-care products increased 6 % .'))

Input: American Home Products said net income benefited from a lower effective tax rate , reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates , and additional operations in Puerto Rico .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Home Products said .', CO/LIST('Net income benefited from a lower effective tax rate .', CO/LIST('Net income was reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates .','Net income was reflecting additional operations in Puerto Rico .')))

Input: The company said net income was flat because of investment in research and development and costs related to launches of several products .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('Net income was flat because of investment in research and development .','Net income was flat because of costs related to launches of several products .'))

Input: Pfizer posted its largest gains in healthcare sales , up 3 % , and consumer products , up 23 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 3 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 23 % .','This was in healthcare sales and consumer products .' ), 'Pfizer posted its largest gains .'))

Input: In the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % and sales of hospital products increased 1 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the health-care segment .','Pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the health-care segment .',', Sales of hospital products increased 1 % .'))

Input: During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL , a calcium channel blocker approved for both angina and hypertension , and Monorail Piccolino , used to open obstructed coronary arteries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('A calcium channel blocker approved for both angina and hypertension .','Monorail Piccolino were Procardia XL .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the quarter .','Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL .' ), 'Monorail Piccolino was used to open obstructed coronary arteries .'))

Input: These actions did n't affect results because the gain on the sale of the European cosmetics businesses was offset by provisions relating to the Brazil divestiture and drug restructuring .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('These actions did n't affect results .', SUB/ELABORATION('The gain on the sale of the European cosmetics businesses was offset by provisions .','Provisions were relating to the Brazil divestiture and drug restructuring .'))

Input: U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by allergy , asthma and cold products ; dermatological products ; anti-infectives and anti-cancer products ; and cardiovascular products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % .', CO/LIST('15 % was led by allergy , asthma and cold products .','15 % was led by dermatological products .','15 % was led by anti-infectives and anti-cancer products .','15 % was led by cardiovascular products .'))

Input: Swedish auto and aerospace concern Saab-Scania AB said it received a 250 million krona -LRB- $ 39 million -RRB- order from Swiss Crossair , one of Europe 's leading regional air companies , for five Saab 340B turboprop commuter aircraft .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Saab-Scania AB was aerospace concern .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what swedish auto and Saab-Scania AB said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from Swiss Crossair , one of Europe 's leading regional air companies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for five Saab 340B turboprop commuter aircraft .','It received a 250 million krona -LRB- $ 39 million -RRB- order .'))))

Input: In centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour and the damage to the antiquities , your reporter served to only perpetuate an outdated and stereotypically provincial view of this otherwise thriving port city .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the antiquities .', CO/LIST('Your reporter was centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour .','Your reporter was centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the damage .' ), 'Your reporter served to only perpetuate an outdated and stereotypically provincial view of this otherwise thriving port city .'))

Input: Your story was tasteless and insensitive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is .','You will continue to be for months and even years .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A part of South Carolina will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million .', SUB/ELABORATION(', South Carolina has sustained a blow .','The Red Cross expects .')))

Input: Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Charleston is historic and aristocratic .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('.','As he suggested .'))

Input: Affiliated Bankshares of Colorado Inc. said it agreed to sell its 10 % interest in Rocky Mountain Bankcard Systems for $ 18.5 million to Colorado National Bank of Denver and Central Bank of Denver .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Affiliated Bankshares of Colorado Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for $ 18.5 million .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to Colorado National Bank of Denver .','This was to Central Bank of Denver .' ), 'It agreed to sell its 10 % interest in Rocky Mountain Bankcard Systems .')))

Input: Affiliated said it expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 18.5 million from the sale of the credit-card business , which should more than offset any reduction in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Affiliated said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the sale of the credit-card business .','It expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 18.5 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books .','The credit-card business should more than offset any reduction .')))

Input: But even in that short time Mr. Guzman Cabrera has become as controversial in his own way as his deposed predecessor , Joaquin Hernandez Galicia , known as La Quina .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guzman Cabrera was that short time Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Joaquin Hernandez Galicia was his deposed predecessor .', SUB/ELABORATION('But even in Guzman Cabrera has become as controversial in his own way as his deposed predecessor .','His deposed predecessor was known as La Quina .')))

Input: President Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina , who reigned for 28 years over a graft-riddled empire that made state-run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , one of the world 's most inefficient oil companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Carlos Salinas de Gortari was President .',', Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over a graft-riddled empire .','La Quina reigned for 28 years .' ), 'A graft-riddled empire made state-run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , one of the world 's most inefficient oil companies .'))

Input: And with the quiet pragmatism of Mr. Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guzman Cabrera was the quiet pragmatism of Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('And with Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand .','This was to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment .'))

Input: A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('A bloated payroll caused Pemex 's operating costs .','Pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs .' ), 'This was to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm .')

Input: Mr. Guzman Cabrera says the union 's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 22 % increase in compensation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guzman Cabrera was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Guzman Cabrera says .', SUB/ELABORATION('The union 's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package .','A wage and benefit package amounts to a 22 % increase in compensation .')))

Input: But Pemex managers are the ones most thrilled by the contract .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pemex officials would n't say how much money the new contract would save the company , but one previous government estimate pegged savings at around $ 500 million a year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pemex officials would n't say .','The new contract would save the company .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at around $ 500 million a year .','One previous government estimate pegged savings .'))

Input: But when the Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to its customers .','But , it would never give notice .'))

Input: This year , for the first time , Desc and other customers were consulted well in advance of the Pemex plant 's shutdown to ensure minimal inconvenience .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first time .', SUB/ELABORATION('Desc was This year .', CO/LIST('Desc were consulted well in advance of the Pemex plant 's shutdown to ensure minimal inconvenience .','Other customers were consulted well in advance of the Pemex plant 's shutdown to ensure minimal inconvenience .')))

Input: But Pemex 's courtship with private companies , and especially foreign ones , is controversial in a country where oil has been a symbol of national sovereignty since foreign oil holdings were nationalized in 1938 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But Pemex 's courtship with private companies is controversial in a country .','But especially foreign ones , is controversial in a country .' )SUB/CAUSE('Oil has been a symbol of national sovereignty .','Foreign oil holdings were nationalized in 1938 .'))

Input: Mr. Guzman Cabrera and government officials insist that foreigners will be limited to investing in secondary petroleum products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guzman Cabrera was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Guzman Cabrera and government officials insist .','Foreigners will be limited to investing in secondary petroleum products .'))

Input: If we do not integrate into this new world of interdependence , sooner or later we 're going to become victims of our own isolation , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION('We do not integrate into this new world of interdependence .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Sooner 're going to become victims of our own isolation .','Later we 're going to become victims of our own isolation .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: MORE EXECUTIVES and their spouses are seeking counseling as work and family pressures mount .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized that an abrasive temperament threatened his career when his wife confided that similar behavior at home harmed their marriage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized .', SUB/ELABORATION('An abrasive temperament threatened his career .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what his wife confided .',', Similar behavior at home harmed their marriage .')))

Input: Her Institute for Family and Work Relationships in La Jolla , Calif. , has noted a doubling in the number of couples seeking help the past two years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('La Jolla was Calif. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the number of couples .',', Couples were seeking help the past two years .' ), 'Her Institute for Family and Work Relationships in La Jolla has noted a doubling .'))

Input: No matter how competent and smart you both are , the relationship almost certainly will erode if you do n't have time to talk , to have fun and to be sexual , says Ms. Shaevitz .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She urges client couples to begin a detoxification period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She urges client couples to begin a detoxification period .', CO/LIST(', She is purging social and other nonproductive activities .',', She is setting time apart for themselves .'))

Input: HERE ', S ONE more explanation for why Japan is a tough industrial competitor : Two of three Japanese employees submit suggestions to save money , increase efficiency and boost morale , while only 8 % of American workers do .
Prediction: CO/LIST('HERE ', S ONE more explanation for why Japan is a tough industrial competitor .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what two of three Japanese employees submit suggestions to save money , increase efficiency and boost morale .','While only 8 % of American workers do .'))

Input: Data for 1987 from the National Association of Suggestion Systems and the Japan Human Relations Association also indicate that Japanese employers adopt four of five suggestions , while their U.S. counterparts accept just one in four .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Data for 1987 from the National Association of Suggestion Systems and the Japan Human Relations Association indicate .', CO/CONTRAST('Japanese employers adopt four of five suggestions .','Their U.S. counterparts accept just one in four .'))

Input: But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds , like expense-account fudging and phone misuse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is like expense-account fudging .','This is like phone misuse .' ), 'But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds .')

Input: Mr. Dalton also recommends that the chief executive establish a rumor control center and move swiftly to bolster morale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dalton is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dalton also recommends .', CO/LIST('The chief executive establish a rumor control center .','The chief executive move swiftly to bolster morale .')))

Input: Consultant John Keller of Southlake , Texas , urges that top management adopt a tough hands-on approach with very tight controls and monitoring .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Keller is Consultant .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what John Keller of Southlake , Texas , urges .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with very tight controls and monitoring .','Top management adopt a tough hands-on approach .')))

Input: And security authority Robert L. Duston favors disciplining all employees who cheat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert L. Duston is security authority .', SUB/ELABORATION('And Robert L. Duston favors disciplining all employees .','All employees cheat .'))

Input: A survey by Sirota , Alper & Pfau , a New York consulting firm , underscores the difficulty for top management in satisfying employees and investors on that score .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sirota , Alper & Pfau is a New York consulting firm .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in .','A survey by Sirota , Alper & Pfau underscores the difficulty for top management .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on that score .','A survey by Sirota , Alper & Pfau is satisfying employees and investors .')))

Input: Bank of New York Co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the credit-card business of Houston-based First City Bancorp. of Texas for between $ 130 million and $ 134 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bank of New York Co. said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It agreed in principle .','This was to acquire the credit-card business of Houston-based First City Bancorp. of Texas for between $ 130 million and $ 134 million .'))

Input: First City said that because of increased competition in the credit-card business , it had decided it either had to expand its own holdings substantially or sell them .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First City said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was because of increased competition in the credit-card business .','It had decided it .' ), 'First City had to expand its own holdings substantially or sell them .'))

Input: The company also said the transaction would bolster after-tax earnings by $ 3.25 a share when completed and boost its primary capital ratio to 7 % from 6.63 % .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by $ 3.25 a share .','The transaction would bolster after-tax earnings when completed and boost its primary capital ratio to 7 % from 6.63 % .'))

Input: First City , which recently purchased three small Texas banking concerns , said it would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities in the Southwest and elsewhere .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what First City said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the Southwest and elsewhere .','It would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities .' ), 'First City recently purchased three small Texas banking concerns .'))

Input: British Airways PLC said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. following the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion , $ 300-a-share buy-out bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('UAL Corp. was United Airlines parent .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what British Airways PLC said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was $ 300-a-share .', CO/LIST('It is seeking improved terms .','It is seeking a sharply lower price in any revised bid for UAL Corp. following the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion buy-out bid .'))))

Input: Derek Stevens , British Air 's chief financial officer , told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report a price of $ 230 a share is certainly not too low , and indicated his company would like to reduce the size of its $ 750 million cash investment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Derek Stevens was British Air 's chief financial officer .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Derek Stevens told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .','A price of $ 230 a share is certainly not too low Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Derek Stevens indicated .','His company would like to reduce the size of its $ 750 million cash investment .')))

Input: He added the airline is n't committed to going forward with any new bid , and has n't participated in bankers ' efforts to revive the transaction that collapsed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He added .', CO/LIST('The airline is n't committed to going forward with any new bid .', SUB/PURPOSE('The airline has n't participated in bankers ' efforts .','This was to revive the transaction that collapsed .')))

Input: Under the original buy-out approved by the UAL board Sept. 14 , UAL 's pilots planned to put up $ 200 million in cash and make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions for a 75 % stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a 75 % stake .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the original buy-out Sept. 14 .','The original buy-out was approved by the UAL board .' ), 'UAL 's pilots planned to put up $ 200 million in cash and make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions .'))

Input: The buy-out fell through when Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. unexpectedly failed to obtain bank financing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said the original proposal is dead , and all aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in UAL 's market price , the amount of debt banks are willing to fund , and the price British Air would be willing to pay .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The original proposal is dead .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in light of the changes in UAL 's market price .','All aspects of a revised version are up for change .' ), 'The amount of debt banks are willing to fund .','The price British Air would be willing to pay .')

Input: Mr. Stevens said he expects the new price will be considerably lower , but declined to specify a figure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stevens was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Stevens said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he expects .','The new price will be considerably lower .' ), ', Stevens declined to specify a figure .')))

Input: If the -LCB- new -RCB- deal had us putting up less money but still having 15 % , that would be a point in our favor , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION('The -LCB- new -RCB- deal had us putting up less money but still having 15 % .','That would be a point in our favor .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Meanwhile , the buy-out group 's task of holding its fragile coalition together , in the face of the bid 's collapse and internal opposition from two other employee groups , has been further complicated by an apparent rift in the ranks of the pilot union itself .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the face of the bid 's collapse and internal opposition from two other employee groups .','The buy-out group 's task of holding its fragile coalition together , has been further complicated by an apparent rift in the ranks of the pilot union itself .'))

Input: These programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations and reviews of treatment during illnesses or recovery periods .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('These programs vary widely .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is during illnesses or recovery periods .', CO/LIST('These programs often require second opinions on proposed surgery .','These programs often require preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations .','These programs often require reviews of treatment .')))

Input: While utilization management frequently reduces hospitalization costs , these savings are often offset by increases in outpatient services and higher administrative costs , according to the report by a panel of health-care experts .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Utilization management frequently reduces hospitalization costs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the report by a panel of health-care experts .', CO/LIST('These savings are often offset by increases in outpatient services .','These savings are often offset by increases in higher administrative costs .')))

Input: The unnecessary and inappropriate use of the hospital , and not the actual need for a particular procedure , has been the main focus , the panel said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The unnecessary and inappropriate use of the hospital has been the main focus .','Not the actual need for a particular procedure , has been the main focus .' ), 'This was what the panel said .')

Input: Howard Bailit , a panel member and a vice president of Aetna Life & Casualty , said that utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it spreads to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Howard Bailit was a panel member .','Howard Bailit was a vice president of Aetna Life & Casualty .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Howard Bailit said .','Utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it spreads to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals .'))

Input: But at the same time , spending on physician services and ambulatory care have mushroomed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Renault and DAF Trucks NV announced a preliminary agreement to jointly manufacture a line of trucks in Britain and France .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Renault announced a preliminary agreement .','DAF Trucks NV announced a preliminary agreement .' ), 'This was to jointly manufacture a line of trucks in Britain and France .')

Input: The French state-controlled auto group and the Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is into their product lines .', CO/LIST('The French state-controlled auto group plan to incorporate the new trucks when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s .','The Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new trucks when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s .'))

Input: Renault and DAF are expected to invest a total of about three billion French francs -LRB- $ 157.8 million -RRB- in the venture , including FFr 1 billion for design and development costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the venture .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including FFr 1 billion for design and development costs .','Renault and DAF are expected to invest a total of about three billion French francs -LRB- $ 157.8 million -RRB- .'))

Input: Mr. Gras said the joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF , since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gras was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gras said .', SUB/CAUSE('The joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF .','Both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles .')))

Input: By pooling their resources , the two groups have effectively halved the design and development costs that would otherwise have been entailed , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The two groups were pooling their resources .', SUB/ELABORATION('The two groups have effectively halved the design and development costs .','The design and development costs would otherwise have been entailed .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Renault officials said the potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 700,000 and 800,000 vehicles annually , and Renault and DAF are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Renault officials said .','The potential European market for light trucks in the 2.5-ton to 4.2-ton range is between 700,000 and 800,000 vehicles annually .' ), 'Renault and DAF are aiming for a combined market share of about 11 % .')

Input: Both Renault and DAF will have world-wide marketing rights for the new range of vans and light trucks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Under a separate arrangement , British Aerospace PLC 's Rover Group PLC subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the U.K. , and Renault 's truck-building subsidiary Renault Vehicles Industriels will have similar rights in France .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under a separate arrangement .','British Aerospace PLC 's Rover Group PLC subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the U.K. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Renault Vehicles Industriels is truck-building subsidiary .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under a separate arrangement .','Renault 's Renault Vehicles Industriels will have similar rights in France .')))

Input: This leads to proposals for reform of the Fed , which have the common feature of making the Fed more responsive to the administration , to the Congress and to public opinion -- without , however , any assumption of additional responsibility by the politicians .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This leads to proposals for reform of the Fed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Congress .','Proposals for reform of the Fed have the common feature of making the Fed more responsive to the administration and to public opinion -- without any assumption of additional responsibility by the politicians .')))

Input: These proposals include changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks from the decision-making process , putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Federal Reserve Board , having the Fed audited by an arm of Congress -LRB- the General Accounting Office -RRB- , putting the Fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of the Fed 's minutes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the decision-making process .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the Federal Reserve Board .','These proposals include changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks , putting the Secretary of the Treasury , having the Fed audited by an arm of Congress -LRB- the General Accounting Office -RRB- , putting the Fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of the Fed 's minutes .'))

Input: And that increase in the money supply would not have happened without the consent of the Federal Reserve .
Prediction: NONE

Input: 1 . To some extent the Federal Reserve shared the popular but incorrect view that expansionary monetary policy could yield a net improvement in employment and output .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what 1 . shared the popular but incorrect view .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in employment and output .','Expansionary monetary policy could yield a net improvement .'))

Input: The Fed exercises a power given to it by Congress and the president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by Congress .','This was by the president .' ), 'This was given to it .' ), 'The Fed exercises a power .')

Input: But Congress and the president accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power they have given the Fed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But Congress accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power .','But the president accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power .' ), 'They have given the Fed the power .')

Input: Congress would be required to make a hard decision , and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Congress would be required to make a hard decision .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Fed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is after the fact .',', Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision and retain its rights of complaint .')))

Input: But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it has only the Fed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is only the Fed .','To pursue price-level stability .'))

Input: And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is .', SUB/CONDITION('The Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals .', CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The result is not high employment .','The result is not rapid growth .' ), 'The result is inflation .')))

Input: Republic New York Corp. joined the list of banks boosting reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries , setting out a $ 200 million provision and posting a $ 155.4 million third-quarter net loss as a result .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Republic New York Corp. joined the list of banks .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to less-developed countries .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for losses on loans .','Republic New York Corp. was boosting reserves .' ), 'Republic New York Corp. was setting out a $ 200 million provision .','Republic New York Corp. was posting a $ 155.4 million third-quarter net loss as a result .')))

Input: In the year earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million .','Earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 1.12 a share .'))

Input: Abortion-rights advocates won last week 's battles , but the war over the nation 's most-contentious social question is about to pick up again on turf that favors those seeking to restrict abortions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Abortion-rights advocates won last week 's battles .', SUB/ELABORATION('The war over the nation 's most-contentious social question is about to pick up again on turf .', SUB/ELABORATION('Turf favors those .','Those is seeking to restrict abortions .')))

Input: Strict new regulations seem certain to pass the state House in Pennsylvania next week , with easy approval by the Senate and by Democratic Gov. Bob Casey expected shortly thereafter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('House was the state .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bob Casey was Democratic Gov. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with easy approval by the Senate and by Bob Casey .',', Strict new regulations seem certain to pass House in Pennsylvania next week .' ), 'Bob Casey was expected shortly thereafter .')))

Input: Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature and set up a grinding battle to override the expected veto of Democratic Gov. James Blanchard .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James Blanchard is Democratic Gov. .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably pass both houses of the Michigan legislature .','Legislation to require the consent of parents before their daughters under the age of 18 can have abortions will probably set up a grinding battle .' ), 'This is to override the expected veto of James Blanchard .'))

Input: The short-term shift in the political climate surrounding abortion reflects two factors that are likely to govern the debate in the next several months : the reawakening of the abortion-rights movement as a potent force after years of lassitude , and the ability of each side to counter the other 's advance in one arena with a victory of its own elsewhere .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The short-term shift in the political climate reflects two factors .','The short-term shift in the political climate reflects the reawakening of the abortion-rights movement as a potent force after years of lassitude .','The short-term shift in the political climate reflects the ability of each side to counter the other 's advance in one arena with a victory of its own elsewhere .' ), 'The political climate is surrounding abortion .' ), 'Two factors are likely to govern the debate in the next several months .')

Input: The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','The action in Pennsylvania will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature .' ), 'This was to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest .')

Input: But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .','But Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure .','But that is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement .'))

Input: But it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As a result , GOP state Rep. Stephen Freind of Delaware County , the legislature 's leading foe of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stephen Freind was GOP state Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Stephen Freind of Delaware County was the legislature 's leading foe of abortion .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .',', Stephen Freind of Delaware County has been given all but free rein .' ), 'This was to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place .')))

Input: Mr. Freind calculates that the provision , which attacks the trimester standards that Roe established , will make it necessary for the Supreme Court to review Roe and , perhaps , to overturn it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Freind is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Freind calculates .','The provision will make it necessary for the Supreme Court to review Roe and , perhaps , to overturn it .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The provision attacks the trimester standards .','Roe established .')))

Input: But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an informed consent provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an informed consent provision .', SUB/ELABORATION('An informed consent provision may become widely imitated by abortion foes and with themselves .','Abortion foes want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure .'))

Input: Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was under this legislation .', CO/LIST('A woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure .','A woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of its risks .'))

Input: Regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , Mr. Freind argues , it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , one way or the other , might remain with her for the rest of her life .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Freind was Mr. .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , Freind argues , it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , one way might remain with her for the rest of her life .','Regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , Freind argues , it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , the other , might remain with her for the rest of her life .'))

Input: The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('The legislation failed by one vote .','This was to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday .' ), 'Anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall .')

Input: Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are cautiously optimistic they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pamela Sutherland is executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council .','Pamela Sutherland says she .' ), 'Her allies are cautiously optimistic they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote .')

Input: Abortion foes in Wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November and are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','Abortion foes in Wisconsin expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','Abortion foes in Wisconsin are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March .'))

Input: In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of public funds , personnel and facilities for abortion , and viability tests for fetuses 19 weeks and older .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Texas .', CO/LIST('Abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of public funds .','Abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on personnel and facilities for abortion .','Abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on viability tests for fetuses 19 weeks and older .'))

Input: This legislative activity comes as both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts , plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey , and girding for next autumn 's state elections .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This legislative activity comes .', CO/LIST('Both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts .','Both sides are plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey .','Both sides are girding for next autumn 's state elections .'))

Input: When I was just a child And confronted by my fears , The things that I thought would get me Had fangs and pointed ears .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I was just a child And confronted by my fears .', SUB/ELABORATION('The things that I thought would get .', CO/LIST('Me Had fangs .','Me Had pointed ears .')))

Input: Nothing much has changed -- My periodic scares Are still from hostile animals , Only now , they 're bulls and bears .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Nothing much has changed .', CO/LIST('My periodic scares Are still from hostile animals .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','They 're bulls and bears .')))

Input: This maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said it completed the sale of 2.85 million shares of common priced at $ 10 a share in an initial public offering .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what this maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It completed the sale of 2.85 million shares of common .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an initial public offering .',', Common was priced at $ 10 a share .')))

Input: The company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It is selling two million shares .','It is selling that .' ), 'The rest are being sold by certain stockholders .'))

Input: Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Montgomery Securities Inc. are co-managing the offering .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Senate .','Final approval came on a simple voice vote .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill .', CO/LIST('The underlying bill is laced with special-interest provisions for both members .','The underlying bill is laced with special-interest provisions for the executive branch .')))

Input: Within the IRS , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tax returns were a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the IRS .','Nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the IRS .','Nearly $ 1.95 billion is double what the government was spending five years ago .')))

Input: Investigation and taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion , and Congress specifically added $ 7.4 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money laundering related to drug traffic .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Investigation and taxpayer service accounts would grow to $ 1.6 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress specifically added $ 7.4 million for stepped up criminal investigations of money laundering .','Money laundering was related to drug traffic .'))

Input: Repeal is considered likely now , but the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Repeal is considered likely now .', SUB/PURPOSE('The Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle .','This was to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim .'))

Input: A House-Senate conference reached agreement Oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill , but final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A House-Senate conference reached agreement Oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program .','Final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men .' ), 'This was to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides .'))

Input: The program 's nonprofit sponsors received $ 900,000 in fiscal 1989 through an Extension Service grant , but Mr. Whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fiscal 1989 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through an Extension Service grant .','The program 's nonprofit sponsors received $ 900,000 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Whitten was Mr. .','Whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990 .')))

Input: If anything , the gyrations in world stock markets -- and in B.A.T 's share price -- since last Friday 's sharp Wall Street sell-off have increased the likelihood of shareholder approval for the restructuring , analysts and several big institutional holders said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The gyrations in world stock markets -- and in B.A.T 's share price -- since last Friday 's sharp Wall Street sell-off were anything .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the restructuring .','Anything have increased the likelihood of shareholder approval .' )CO/LIST('Analysts said .',', Several big institutional holders said .')))

Input: But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was then .','But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake .' ), 'Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims .')

Input: To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to fight off predators .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in assets .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is largely .','B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion .'))))

Input: Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for a planned buy-back of 10 % of its shares .','This was for a planned buy-back of a 50 % dividend increase .' ), 'Proceeds will help pay .')

Input: Even if B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring .', CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION(CO/CONTRAST('The company will remain in play .','The situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six .' ), 'The company will say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six .'))

Input: But I would n't write off Sir James or other potential bidders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James is Sir .', CO/DISJUNCTION('But I would n't write off James .','But I would n't write off other potential bidders .'))

Input: Among possible delays , the sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- which were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial Christmas season -- may slide into the second quarter or second half .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among possible delays .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- -- may slide into the second quarter .','The sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- -- may slide into second half .' ), 'The sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial Christmas season .'))

Input: B.A.T is n't predicting a postponement because the units are quality businesses and we are encouraged by the breadth of inquiries , said Mr. Prideaux .
Prediction: NONE

Input: People familiar with B.A.T say possible acquirers for the units include managers from both retailing chains , and General Cinema Corp. , which is interested in bidding for Saks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what people familiar with B.A.T say .', CO/LIST('Possible acquirers for the units include managers from both retailing chains .','Possible acquirers for the units include General Cinema Corp. .' ), 'General Cinema Corp. is interested in bidding for Saks .'))

Input: Though Sir James has said he intends to mount a new bid for B.A.T once approval from U.S. insurance regulators is received , jitters over prospects for junk-bond financing and U.S. leverage buy-outs are making investors more skeptical about Sir James 's prospects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James is Sir .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what James has said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for B.A.T .','He intends to mount a new bid once approval from U.S. insurance regulators is received .' ), 'Jitters over prospects for junk-bond financing and U.S. leverage buy-outs are making investors more skeptical about James 's prospects .')))

Input: Finally , Tuesday 's California earthquake initially knocked 3.7 % off B.A.T 's share price in London yesterday because of fears of the potential claims to Los Angeles-based Farmers , which has a substantial portion of its property and casualty exposure in California .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was off B.A.T 's share price in London yesterday because of fears of the potential claims .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Los Angeles-based Farmers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was finally .','Tuesday 's California earthquake initially knocked 3.7 % .' ), 'Los Angeles-based Farmers has a substantial portion of its property and casualty exposure in California .')))

Input: Bridge and highway collapses will disrupt truck and auto transportation in the San Francisco Bay area for months to come .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the San Francisco Bay area for months .','Bridge and highway collapses will disrupt truck and auto transportation .' ), 'This is to come .')

Input: But rail , air and ocean-shipping links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , and many are expected to be operating normally today , government and corporate transport officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with only minor damage .','But rail , air and ocean-shipping links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake .' ), 'But many are expected to be operating normally today .' ), 'This was what government and corporate transport officials said .')

Input: Air traffic at San Francisco International Airport was running about 50 % of normal yesterday afternoon , but airport officals said they expect a return to full operations by Saturday .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Air traffic at San Francisco International Airport was running about 50 % of normal yesterday afternoon .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Airport officals said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to full operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is by Saturday .','They expect a return .'))))

Input: The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the time .', CO/LIST('The major gateway to Asia was closed to all but emergency traffic .','One of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was the time until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower .','The quake hit Tuesday afternoon .')))

Input: Tom Schumacher , executive vice president and general manager of the California Trucking Association in Sacremento , said his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the Bay area yesterday , except for emergency-medical supplies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tom Schumacher was executive vice president and general manager of the California Trucking Association in Sacremento .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tom Schumacher said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was into the Bay area .', SUB/PURPOSE('His organization urged trucking firms .','This was to halt all deliveries yesterday , except for emergency-medical supplies .'))))

Input: This -LCB- Wednesday -RCB- morning the San Mateo bridge was open and now we are informed that it is closed , Mr. Schumacher said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schumacher was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('This -LCB- Wednesday -RCB- morning the San Mateo bridge was open .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what we are informed .','It is closed .' ), 'This was what Schumacher said .')))

Input: A UPS spokesman said that although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake , road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a UPS spokesman said .', CO/CONTRAST('None of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake .','Road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages .'))

Input: But freight railroads reported that damage to their facilities was relatively minor , with Santa Fe Pacific Corp. 's rail unit the least affected by the quake .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what freight railroads reported .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Santa Fe Pacific Corp. 's rail unit the least .','Damage to their facilities was relatively minor .' ), 'The least was affected by the quake .'))

Input: Santa Fe stopped freight trains Tuesday night while its officials inspected track but resumed service at 10:45 p.m. when they found no damage .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Santa Fe stopped freight trains Tuesday night .', CO/CONTRAST('Its officials inspected track .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 10:45 p.m. .','Its officials resumed service .' ), 'They found no damage .')))

Input: Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were unharmed .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to shipping containers in its Oakland yard .','This was except for damage .' ), 'Its track , bridges and structures were unharmed .'))

Input: That railroad is operating trains but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That railroad is operating trains .', SUB/ELABORATION('That railroad is with delays .','Delays were caused by employees unable to get to work .'))

Input: Southern Pacific Transportation Co. , the hardest hit of the three railroads in the Bay area , said service on its north-south coastline , which is used by an Amtrak train between Los Angeles and Seattle , was suspended temporarily because of kinked rails near the epicenter of the quake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Southern Pacific Transportation Co. was the hardest hit of the three railroads in the Bay area .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Southern Pacific Transportation Co. said .',', Service on its north-south coastline was suspended temporarily because of kinked rails near the epicenter of the quake .' ), ', Service on its north-south coastline is used by an Amtrak train between Los Angeles and Seattle .'))

Input: But service on the line is expected to resume by noon today .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower .','The earthquake shattered windows .' ), 'The earthquake rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries .')

Input: Runways at San Francisco were n't damaged , but traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 arrivals and 27 departures an hour -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally -- mainly because the noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows , an FAA spokeswoman said .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('Runways at San Francisco were n't damaged .', CO/LIST('Traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 arrivals -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally .','Traffic was being limited yesterday to 27 departures an hour -- down from 33 to 45 an hour normally .' )SUB/CAUSE('The noise level in the control tower was overwhelming without the windows .','An FAA spokeswoman said .')))

Input: While the airport was closed , flights were diverted to airports in Sacramento and Stockton , Calif. ; Reno and Las Vegas , Nev. ; and Los Angeles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Reno were Nev. .','Las Vegas were Nev. .' )CO/CONTRAST('The airport was closed .', CO/LIST('Flights were diverted to airports in Sacramento .','Flights were diverted to Stockton , Calif. ; Reno and Las Vegas ; and Los Angeles .')))

Input: United Airlines , the largest carrier at San Francisco , was operating only 50 % of its scheduled service in and out of the area because of damage to its terminal , which in turn was causing delays for travelers headed to the Bay area .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('United Airlines were the largest carrier at San Francisco .','United Airlines was operating only 50 % of its scheduled service in and out of the area because of damage to its terminal .' )SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for travelers .','Travelers were headed to the Bay area .' ), 'Its terminal in turn was causing delays .'))

Input: A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights into and out of San Francisco were n't affected , but getting information about its operations was difficult .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was into .','A Japan Air Lines spokesman said its flights .' ), 'A Japan Air Lines spokesman out of San Francisco were n't affected .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was about its operations .','Getting information was difficult .'))

Input: Whitbread already has been approached by about half a dozen companies interested in buying all or part of the spirits business , a spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Whitbread already has been approached by about half a dozen companies .','About half a dozen companies were interested in buying all or part of the spirits business .' ), 'This was what a spokesman said .')

Input: Also for sale are Buckingham Wile Co. , which distributes Cutty Sark blended whiskey in the U.S. , and Whitbread 's Atlas Peak Vineyards in California 's Napa Valley .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Now , it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .', CO/LIST('It wants to concentrate on beer .','It wants to concentrate on its newer hotel and restaurant operations .'))

Input: The Whitbread spirits auction is an extremely interesting development ... and naturally we 'll be considering it carefully , a Grand Met spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The Whitbread spirits auction is an extremely interesting development .','We 'll be considering it carefully .' ), 'This was what a Grand Met spokesman said .')

Input: Two other global liquor giants , Canada 's Seagram Co. and Britain 's Allied-Lyons PLC , also are possible buyers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Two other global liquor giants are Canada 's Seagram Co. .','Two other global liquor giants are Britain 's Allied-Lyons PLC .' ), 'Two other global liquor giants also are possible buyers .')

Input: Seagram 's gin is the world 's No. 2 gin brand , but the company does n't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S. .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Seagram 's gin is the world 's No. 2 gin brand .', SUB/ELABORATION('The company does n't own any of the major gin brands .','The major gin brands were imported in the U.S. .'))

Input: Smaller liquor companies , such as Brown-Forman Corp. and American Brands Inc. of the U.S. , also are likely to be interested .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is such as Brown-Forman Corp. .','This is such as American Brands Inc. of the U.S. .' ), ', Smaller liquor companies also are likely to be interested .')

Input: Whitbread 's wine , spirits and soft-drink operations had trading profit of # 35.4 million on sales of # 315.5 million in the year ended Feb. 25 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of # 315.5 million .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year .','The year was ended Feb. 25 .' ), 'Whitbread 's wine , spirits and soft-drink operations had trading profit of # 35.4 million .'))

Input: The company , which is retaining most of its wine and all of its soft-drink interests , did n't break out results for the businesses it plans to sell .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company did n't break out results for the businesses it plans to sell .', CO/LIST('The company is retaining most of its wine .','The company is retaining all of its soft-drink interests .'))

Input: In Britain , those interests include the Beefeater steakhouse chain and joint ownership with PepsiCo Inc. of the country 's Pizza Hut chain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with PepsiCo Inc. of the country 's Pizza Hut chain .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Britain .', CO/LIST('Those interests include the Beefeater steakhouse chain .','Those interests include joint ownership .')))

Input: In Canada and the U.S. , Whitbread owns The Keg chain of steak and seafood restaurants .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is in Canada .','This is in the U.S. .' ), 'Whitbread owns The Keg chain of steak and seafood restaurants .')

Input: Focusing on beer , restaurants and hotels means we can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively , Peter Jarvis , Whitbread 's managing director , said in a statement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter Jarvis was Whitbread 's managing director .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Restaurants and hotels are focusing on beer .', SUB/ELABORATION('Restaurants and hotels means .','We can concentrate our skills and resources more effectively .' ), 'This was what Peter Jarvis said in a statement .')))

Input: At that time Sam Whitbread , the company 's chairman and a descendant of its 18th-century founder , will retire from executive duties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sam Whitbread is that time .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Sam Whitbread .', CO/LIST('The company 's chairman will retire from executive duties .','A descendant of its 18th-century founder , will retire from executive duties .')))

Input: Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 17 % , reflecting price declines for certain paper products , operating problems at certain mills , and other factors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 17 % .', CO/LIST(', Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit was reflecting price declines for certain paper products .',', Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit was reflecting operating problems at certain mills .',', Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit was reflecting other factors .'))

Input: But an uninvited guest is expected to try to crash the party .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Digital , based in Maynard , Mass. , hopes to stage a repeat performance in mainframes , and it has spent almost $ 1 billion developing the new technology .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in mainframes .','Digital hopes to stage a repeat performance .' ), 'Digital is based in Maynard , Mass. .' )CO/LIST('It has spent almost $ 1 billion .','It was developing the new technology .'))

Input: IBM 's traditional mainframe rivals , including Unisys Corp. , Control Data Corp. and NCR Corp. , have struggled recently .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including Unisys Corp. .','This was including Control Data Corp. .','This was including NCR Corp. .' ), 'IBM 's traditional mainframe rivals have struggled recently .')

Input: Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert M. Glorioso was Digital 's vice president for high performance systems .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Robert M. Glorioso says .', SUB/ELABORATION('Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network .', CO/LIST('A decentralized network was weaving together hundreds of workstations .','A decentralized network was weaving together hundreds of personal computers .','A decentralized network was weaving together hundreds of printers .','A decentralized network was weaving together hundreds of other devices .'))))

Input: Digital is expected to tag its new line from about $ 1.24 million to $ 4.4 million and up , depending on configuration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from about $ 1.24 million to $ 4.4 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was depending on configuration .','Digital is expected to tag its new line and up .'))

Input: The computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The computer giant 's current mainframe line is starting to show its age .', CO/LIST('The computer giant 's current mainframe line has sold well .','The computer giant 's current mainframe line has huge profit margins .'))

Input: We 're not going to walk in and replace a company 's corporate accounting system if it 's already running on an IBM mainframe , concedes Kenneth H. Olsen , Digital 's president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says Digital will target faster-growing market segments such as on-line transaction processing , which includes retail-sales tracking , airline reservations and bank-teller networks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','Digital will target faster-growing market segments such as on-line transaction processing .' ), 'On-line transaction processing includes retail-sales tracking , airline reservations and bank-teller networks .')

Input: Stanley Rose , a vice president , technological and strategic planning at Bankers Trust , says that despite Digital 's low prices , we are n't about to unplug our IBM mainframes for a DEC machine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stanley Rose is a vice president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Stanley Rose technological and strategic says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a DEC machine .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite Digital 's low prices .','We are n't about to unplug our IBM mainframes .'))))

Input: Bankers Trust uses Digital 's VAX to run its huge money-transfer and capital markets accounts , juggling hundreds of billions of dollars each day , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Bankers Trust uses Digital 's VAX to run its huge money-transfer and capital markets accounts .','Bankers Trust is juggling hundreds of billions of dollars each day .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product , and made a costly decision in 1988 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 .','The company made a costly decision .' ), 'This was to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end .'))

Input: And National Advanced Systems , a joint venture of Japan 's Hitachi Ltd. and General Motors Corp. 's Electronic Data Systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('National Advanced Systems were a joint venture of Japan 's Hitachi Ltd. .','National Advanced Systems were a joint venture of General Motors Corp. 's Electronic Data Systems .' ), 'And National Advanced Systems is expected to unveil a line of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year .')

Input: Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from large-city bookstores .', CO/LIST('Bookstore chains are compiled by Publishers Weekly from data .','Local bestseller are compiled by Publishers Weekly from data .' )CO/LIST('Bookstore chains lists across the U.S. .','Local bestseller lists across the U.S. .')))

Input: The frenetic stock and bond markets cooled off , but the dollar slumped .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The frenetic stock cooled off .','Bond markets cooled off .' ), 'The dollar slumped .')

Input: Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about a wave of government borrowing .','Government borrowing was coming soon .' ), 'Prices of long-term Treasury bonds were finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears .'))

Input: But many investors remain wary about stocks , partly because they expect continued turbulence in the junk-bond market that would make it more difficult to finance corporate takeovers .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But many investors remain wary about stocks .', SUB/ELABORATION('They expect continued turbulence in the junk-bond market .','The junk-bond market would make it more difficult to finance corporate takeovers .'))

Input: I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','The problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This will be very unsettling for companies .',', Companies have issued junk bonds .'))

Input: But when it does matter , then it 's the only thing that matters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It does matter .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is then .','But it 's the only thing .' ), 'The only thing matters .'))

Input: But prices later reversed course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But prices later reversed course .','Investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But prices later were finishing slightly lower .','Investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack .'))

Input: In New York late yesterday , the currency was at 141.45 yen and 1.8485 marks , down from 142.75 yen and 1.8667 marks late Tuesday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from 142.75 yen and 1.8667 marks late Tuesday .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in New York .', CO/LIST('Late yesterday , the currency was at 141.45 yen .','Late yesterday , the currency was at 1.8485 marks .')))

Input: AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be disappointing as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins and increased fuel costs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what AMR Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was primarily because of slimmer profit margins .','This was primarily because of increased fuel costs .' ), 'The fourth quarter will be disappointing as well .')))

Input: AMR 's earnings decline comes a year after the parent company of American Airlines and the rest of the airline industry set profit records .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was after the parent company of American Airlines .','The rest of the airline industry set profit records .' ), 'AMR 's earnings decline comes a year .')

Input: In the third quarter , AMR said , net fell to $ 137 million , or $ 2.16 a share , from $ 150.3 million , or $ 2.50 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 150.3 million .','This was from $ 2.50 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('AMR said , net fell to $ 137 million .','AMR said , net fell to $ 2.16 a share .')))

Input: We think these trends will continue and will produce a very disappointing fourth quarter as well , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we think .', CO/LIST('These trends will continue .','These trends will produce a very disappointing fourth quarter as well .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST('AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said ... .', CO/LIST('Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships ... .','Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... .'))

Input: AMR has not been , and is not , for sale .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for sale .','AMR has not been .' ), 'AMR is not , for sale .')

Input: Our very disappointing third-quarter results and the discouraging outlook for the fourth quarter underscore the importance of an adequate capital base , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Our very disappointing third-quarter results underscore the importance of an adequate capital base .','The discouraging outlook for the fourth quarter underscore the importance of an adequate capital base .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: Christopher Whittington , 51-year-old deputy chairman of this British investment-banking group and chairman of Morgan Grenfell & Co. , the group 's main banking unit , has retired from his executive duties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan Grenfell & Co. was the group 's main banking unit .',', Christopher Whittington was 51-year-old deputy chairman of this British investment-banking group and chairman of Morgan Grenfell & Co. .' ), ', Christopher Whittington has retired from his executive duties .')

Input: Without federal subsidies to developers of beach houses , the economic and structural damage by Hurricane Hugo in South Carolina would have been much less , as highlighted by your Oct. 3 editorial Subsidizing Disaster .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to developers of beach houses .','This was without federal subsidies .' ), 'The economic and structural damage by Hurricane Hugo in South Carolina would have been much less , as highlighted by your Oct. 3 editorial Subsidizing Disaster .')

Input: The government said 13.1 % of Americans , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the government said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('13.1 % of Americans were living in poverty in 1988 .','31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 .'))

Input: While last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate , the Census Bureau said the 1988 drop was n't statistically significant .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the poverty rate .','Last year 's figure marked the fifth consecutive annual decline .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Census Bureau said .','The 1988 drop was n't statistically significant .')))

Input: Summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households , William Butz , associate director of the Census Bureau , said that most groups either stayed the same or improved .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Butz was associate director of the Census Bureau .', CO/LIST('William Butz was summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what William Butz said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Most groups either stayed the same .','Most groups either improved .'))))

Input: But , he added , Since the late 1960s , the distribution of income has been slowly getting less equal .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the median income of American families fell 0.2 % , the first time it has failed to rise since 1982 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('0.2 % was the first time .','It has failed to rise since 1982 the first time .' ), 'But the median income of American families fell 0.2 % .')

Input: Thanks largely to the continued growth of the U.S. economy , the poverty rate is now substantially lower than the 1983 peak of 15.3 % , but the improvements have been modest in the past couple of years .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The poverty rate is thanks largely to the continued growth of the U.S. economy .','The poverty rate is now substantially lower than the 1983 peak of 15.3 % .' ), 'The improvements have been modest in the past couple of years .')

Input: In 1988 , 31.6 % of blacks lived in poverty , compared with 10.1 % for whites and 26.8 % for Hispanics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 10.1 % for whites .','This was compared with 26.8 % for Hispanics .' ), '31.6 % of blacks lived in poverty .'))

Input: The poverty rate of children under 18 years old dropped last year to 19.7 % from 20.5 % in 1987 , but remained far higher than a decade ago .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 20.5 % .','The poverty rate of children under 18 years old dropped last year to 19.7 % in 1987 .' ), 'The poverty rate of children under 18 years old remained far higher than a decade ago .')

Input: -- Women working full-time earned 66 cents for every dollar earned by men , a penny more than in 1987 and seven cents more than in 1978 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a penny more than in 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('-- Women working full-time earned .', CO/LIST('66 cents for every dollar earned by men more than in 1978 .','66 cents for every dollar earned by seven cents more than in 1978 .')))

Input: -- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 after inflation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after inflation .','-- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 .' ), 'Those are n't .')

Input: -- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply , as income of black families shot up 6.8 % while income of whites did n't budge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('-- Among married couples , the gap between blacks and whites narrowed sharply .', CO/CONTRAST('Income of black families shot up 6.8 % .','Income of whites did n't budge .'))

Input: The bureau said some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 1988 -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the bureau said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 .',', Some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation .'))

Input: The official poverty threshold is set by the Office of Management and Budget .
Prediction: NONE

Input: John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer , succeeding David S. Black , who retired .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer .','John E. Hayes Jr. was succeeding David S. Black .' ), 'David S. Black retired .')

Input: Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('Hayes was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was 52 years old .','Hayes left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January .' ), 'This was to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital .' ), 'He had been chairman , president and chief executive .'))

Input: Seven years late in the launching , $ 1 billion over budget and a target of anti-nuclear protestors , Galileo has long been a symbol of trouble for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was seven years late in the launching .','This was seven years late in $ 1 billion over budget .','This was seven years late in a target of anti-nuclear protestors .' ), 'Galileo has long been a symbol of trouble .'))

Input: Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some scientists have suggested .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the outer solar system .',', Comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material to Earth .' ), 'This was to spawn life .'))

Input: In 1979 , two Voyager spacecraft sent back stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa that showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1979 .','Two Voyager spacecraft sent back stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa .' ), ', Stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system .')

Input: Galileo 's photos of Europa will be more than 1,000 times as sharp as Voyager 's , according to Torrence Johnson , Galileo 's project scientist cted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive , is now on probation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Torrence Johnson was Galileo 's project scientist .','Galileo 's project scientist was cted in Florida state court of selling unregistered securities and in California state court of unlawful use of the telephone to defraud and deceive .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Galileo 's photos of Europa will be more than 1,000 times .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Torrence Johnson .',', Sharp as Voyager 's is now on probation .')))

Input: or something more exciting while she 's doing it .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  drugs to treat stress-related illnesses , also found 47 % of the managers said stress , anxiety and depression contribute to decreased production .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Drugs to treat stress-related illnesses found .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what 47 % of the managers said .',', Stress , anxiety and depression contribute to decreased production .'))

Input:  cafeteria this month have the shot , Mr. Mattausch added , and that means virtually everyone who works here .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Cafeteria this month have the shot .', SUB/ELABORATION('That means virtually everyone .','Virtually everyone works here .'))

Input: re , on sales of $ 247 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  zenith in July when Bankers Trust New York Corp. provided mergers advice , an equity investment and bank loans for the $ 3.65 billion leveraged buy-out of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: round par earlier this week , and RJR 's 13 1\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 101 5\/8 after trading at below par earlier this week .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after .', CO/LIST('Round par earlier this week were at 1015\/8 .','RJR 's 131\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 1015\/8 .' )CO/LIST('Round par earlier this week were trading at below par earlier this week .','RJR 's 131\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were trading at below par earlier this week .')))

Input: ement .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  ever met or talked to Dian Fossey .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ron are successful with their lower bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ef executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: t month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $ 140 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Salomon Inc. in a deal .','A deal was valued at $ 140 million .' ), 'T month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group .')

Input: ry for developing techniques to withstand earthquakes , and that is an earthquake , said Burch Bachtold , San Francisco district director for the transportation department .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: uctures .
Prediction: NONE

Input: iate the traffic problem .
Prediction: NONE

Input: hing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ell all of the hotels the companies own and operate , except for two hotel-casinos in Las Vegas , Nev .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nev is Las Vegas .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ell all of the hotels .', CO/LIST('The companies own and operate .','The hotels except for two hotel-casinos in Las Vegas .')))

Input: y a decline in Brazilian interest paid , to $ 5 million from $ 54 million the second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 54 million the second quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 5 million .','Y a decline in Brazilian interest paid .'))

Input: t was being tossed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ng composite insurers , General Accident rose 10 pence to # 10.03 -LRB- $ 15.80 -RRB- a share , Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence , Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 , and Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 10.03 -LRB- $ 15.80 -RRB- a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was ng composite insurers .','General Accident rose 10 pence .' ), 'Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence .',', Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 .','Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 .'))

Input: ll aspects of a revised version are up for change , in light of the changes in UAL 's market price , the amount of debt banks are willing to fund , and the price British Air would be willing to pay .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in light of the changes in UAL 's market price .','Ll aspects of a revised version are up for change .' ), 'The amount of debt banks are willing to fund .','The price British Air would be willing to pay .')

Input: objectives .
Prediction: NONE

Input: U.S. Supreme Court .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Travelers and other insurers have maintained that cleanup costs are n't damages and thus are n't covered under commercial policies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Travelers have maintained .','Other insurers have maintained .' )CO/CONTRAST(', Cleanup costs are n't damages .',', Cleanup costs are n't covered under commercial policies .'))

Input: Avondale asked Travelers to defend it in the state proceeding , but the insurer did n't respond .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the state proceeding .','Avondale asked Travelers to defend it .' ), 'The insurer did n't respond .')

Input: The appeals court also said , We think an ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims stemming from any cleanup .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we think .', SUB/ELABORATION('An ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims .','The demands and potential damage claims were stemming from any cleanup .'))

Input: This decision will have a very considerable impact , said Kenneth Abraham , professor of environmental law and insurance law at the University of Virginia , because many commercial insurance policies are issued by companies based in New York .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kenneth Abraham was professor of environmental law and insurance law at the University of Virginia .', SUB/CAUSE('This decision will have a very considerable impact , said Kenneth Abraham .', SUB/ELABORATION('Many commercial insurance policies are issued by companies .',', Companies were based in New York .')))

Input: William Greaney , an attorney for the Chemical Manufacturers Association , said that while other appeals courts have ruled differently on whether cleanup costs are damages , the influence of the appeals court in New York will make insurers sit up and listen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Greaney was an attorney for the Chemical Manufacturers Association .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what William Greaney said .', CO/CONTRAST('Other appeals courts have ruled differently on whether cleanup costs are damages .', CO/LIST('The influence of the appeals court in New York will make insurers sit up .','The influence of the appeals court in New York will listen .'))))

Input: Mr. Mastro will do civil litigation and white-collar defense work for Gibson Dunn , which is based in Los Angeles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Mastro is Mr. .','Mastro will do civil litigation and white-collar defense work for Gibson Dunn .' ), 'Gibson Dunn is based in Los Angeles .')

Input: Mr. Karalis , 51 , will specialize in corporate law and international law at the 110-lawyer firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Karalis is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Karalis is 51 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the 110-lawyer firm .', CO/LIST('Karalis will specialize in corporate law .','Karalis will specialize in international law .'))))

Input: At the end of the term of the convertible loan , Sears could still own half the building , and AEW could own the other half .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the end of the term of the convertible loan .',', Sears could still own half the building .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the end of the term of the convertible loan .','AEW could own the other half .'))

Input: During the term , the lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow , a percentage of the building 's appreciation or a fixed return .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION(', Cash flow was a percentage of the building 's appreciation .',', Cash flow was a percentage of a fixed return .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is during the term .','The lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow .'))

Input: The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale and therefore does not trigger costly transfer taxes and reappraisal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is .', CO/LIST('It is not a sale .','It does not trigger costly transfer taxes and reappraisal .'))

Input: But Japanese institutions shied away from bidding on the high-profile tower out of fear their purchase of the property would trigger anti-Japanese sentiment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that deal fell through in September after it became clear that the sale would lead to a major real estate tax reassessment , raising property taxes , and making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('But that deal fell through in September .', SUB/ELABORATION('It became clear .', CO/LIST('The sale would lead to a major real estate tax reassessment .', CO/LIST('The sale is raising property taxes .','The sale is making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices .'))))

Input: The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries .','The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price .'))

Input: In addition , Tandy will acquire rights to the Victor and Micronic names for computers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Victor and Micronic names .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','Tandy will acquire rights for computers .'))

Input: The transaction will give Tandy a well-known European computer brand that includes 2,700 dealers and distributors marketing to medium-sized business and educational institutions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The transaction will give Tandy a well-known European computer brand .', CO/LIST('A well-known European computer brand includes 2,700 dealers and distributors .','A well-known European computer brand is marketing to medium-sized business and educational institutions .'))

Input: The House version of the legislation would kill that deduction , and label any such debt as equity , which is n't deductible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The House version of the legislation would kill that deduction .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as equity .','The House version of the legislation would label any such debt .' ), 'Equity is n't deductible .'))

Input: It becomes a source of cash for the company making the LBO because it gets a deduction and does n't have to repay the debt for several years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It becomes a source of cash for the company .', SUB/CAUSE('The company is making the LBO .', CO/LIST('It gets a deduction .','It does n't have to repay the debt for several years .')))

Input: The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bill would then declare that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The bill would then declare .','The debt is equity .' ), 'The bill is n't deductible .')

Input: But those holders are often foreign investors and tax-exempt pension funds that do n't pay taxes on their holdings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But those holders are often foreign investors .','But those holders are often tax-exempt pension funds .' ), 'Tax-exempt pension funds do n't pay taxes on their holdings .')

Input: The Senate estimates that its version of the provision would yield $ 17 million the first year and a total of $ 409 million over five years .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Senate estimates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is over five years .', CO/LIST('Its version of the provision would yield $ 17 million the first year .','Its version of the provision would yield a total of $ 409 million .')))

Input: The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was for victims of the California earthquake .','The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid .' )SUB/CONDITION('Its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon .','The aid is to continue .'))

Input: But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo , and Congress will be under pressure to allocate more money quickly .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Congress will be under pressure .','This is to allocate more money quickly .'))

Input: But Mr. Fitzwater said , There will be , I think quite obviously , a very large amount of money required from all levels of government .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fitzwater was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Fitzwater said , There will be , I think quite obviously , a very large amount of money .','Money was required from all levels of government .'))

Input: But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars .','Just Washington 's relief dollars are spread thin .' ), 'Its relief manpower also is stretched .')

Input: FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo , and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that we 're pretty thin .
Prediction: CO/LIST('FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo .', SUB/ELABORATION('Russell Clanahan was Spokesman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Russell Clanahan acknowledged .','We 're pretty thin .')))

Input: It 's been a bad month money-wise and every other way , said Sally Stewart , a spokeswoman for the Red Cross .
Prediction: NONE

Input: HUD officials said they will make available as many as 100 Bay area houses that are under HUD loans but now are vacant after the houses have been inspected to ensure they are sound .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what HUD officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They will make available as many as 100 Bay area houses .','As many as 100 Bay area houses are under HUD loans .' ), 'HUD officials now are vacant after the houses have been inspected to ensure they are sound .'))

Input: Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available .', CO/DISJUNCTION(', Some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs .',', Some housing and community-development funds may be made available for emergency use .'))

Input: The IRS said it will waive certain tax penalties for earthquake victims unable to meet return deadlines or make payments because of the quake 's devastation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the IRS said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for earthquake victims unable to meet return deadlines or make payments because of the quake 's devastation .','It will waive certain tax penalties .'))

Input: And the Treasury said residents of the San Francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds even if they have n't held them for the minimum six-month period .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Treasury said .', SUB/CONDITION('Residents of the San Francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the minimum six-month period .','They have n't held them .')))

Input: One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The San Francisco Bay area is facilities .','Facilities provide a ready base of supplies and workers .' ), 'One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area .')

Input: Even before the full extent of the devastation was known , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney ordered the military services to set up an emergency command center in the Pentagon and prepare to respond to various FEMA requests for assistance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dick Cheney was Defense Secretary .', SUB/ELABORATION('The full extent of the devastation was known .', SUB/PURPOSE('Dick Cheney ordered the military services .','This was to set up an emergency command center in the Pentagon and prepare to respond to various FEMA requests for assistance .')))

Input: By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to California .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by yesterday .', CO/LIST('Air Force transport planes were afternoon .','Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel .')))

Input: And the Pentagon said dozens of additional crews and transport aircraft were on alert awaiting orders to move emergency supplies .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Pentagon said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dozens of additional crews and transport aircraft were on alert .', SUB/PURPOSE('Alert was awaiting orders .','This was to move emergency supplies .')))

Input: To help residents in Northern California rebuild , FEMA intends to set up 17 disaster assistance offices in the earthquake area in the next several days and to staff them with 400 to 500 workers from various agencies , said Robert Volland , chief of the agency 's individual assistance division .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Federal law dictates .','Only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster .' ), 'And , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California .')

Input: To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE('This is to get that money .',', States must go through an elaborate approval process .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Officials expect red tape .','This was to be cut this time .'))

Input: The two major structures that failed Tuesday night , he said , were both built well before the 1971 earthquake -- the San Francisco Bay Bridge , completed in the 1930s , and the section of I-880 , built in the 1950s .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The two major structures , he said , were both built well before the 1971 earthquake .','The two major structures failed Tuesday night .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The San Francisco Bay Bridge built in the 1950s .', CO/LIST('The San Francisco Bay Bridge was completed in the 1930s .','The San Francisco Bay Bridge was completed in the section of I-880 .')))

Input: But how much will shoppers benefit ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: As a result , prices paid to farmers for the commodities , which are used in products as diverse as bubble gum and chicken feed , plummet 20 % to 33 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result .','Prices paid to farmers for the commodities plummet 20 % to 33 % .' ), 'Prices paid to farmers for the commodities are used in products as diverse as bubble gum and chicken feed .')

Input: Economists expect consumer food prices to jump 5.5 % this year to the highest level since 1980 and up from last year 's 4.1 % rise .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's estimated that one in six couples experiences infertility , and in 1987 , Americans spent about $ 1 billion to fight the problem .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it 's estimated .','One in six couples experiences infertility .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1987 .','Americans spent about $ 1 billion .' ), 'This was to fight the problem .'))

Input: PACS GIVE and receive in a debatable duet with employees ' favored charities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the utility may not continue next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And , for an extra $ 6 , Land 's End will deliver orders within two days ; customers can designate the day .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is within two days .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for an extra $ 6 .','And Land 's End will deliver orders .' ), ', Customers can designate the day .'))

Input: New Product News says the beverage looks like ginger ale , tastes a little like cherries and smells like bubble gum . ...
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what New Product News says .', CO/LIST('The beverage looks like ginger ale .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like cherries .','The beverage tastes a little .' ), 'The beverage smells like bubble gum .'))

Input: Four years ago , Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac , and the honor did wonders to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was four years ago .','Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was four years ago .','The honor did wonders .' ), 'This was to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image .'))

Input: Unamused , residents burned Rand McNally books and wore T-shirts that said : Kiss my Atlas .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Unamused , residents burned Rand McNally books .', SUB/ELABORATION('Unamused , residents wore T-shirts .','T-shirts said .' ), 'Kiss my Atlas .'))

Input: The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Oct. 27 .','The almanac will be making new friends and enemies .' ), 'An updated version will be released .')

Input: Pittsburgh figures it will be dethroned but plans to accept its ouster graciously .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Pittsburgh figures .','It will be dethroned .' ), 'Pittsburgh plans to accept its ouster graciously .')

Input: A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote : Who did the research for this report ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Co-authors David Savageau and Richard Boyer , live in Gloucester , Mass. , and Asheville , N.C. , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Savageau is Co-authors .', CO/LIST('David Savageau live in Gloucester , Mass. , and Asheville , N.C. , respectively .','Richard Boyer , live in Gloucester , Mass. , and Asheville , N.C. , respectively .'))

Input: The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Anaheim-Santa Ana , Calif. ; Boston ; Louisville , Ky. ; Nassau-Suffolk , N.Y. ; New York ; Pittsburgh ; San Diego ; San Francisco ; Seattle ; and Washington .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Anaheim-Santa Ana is Calif. .', CO/LIST('The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Anaheim-Santa Ana .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Boston .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Louisville , Ky. .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Nassau-Suffolk , N.Y. .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as New York .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Pittsburgh .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as San Diego .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as San Francisco .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Seattle .','The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Washington .'))

Input: Mr. Savageau says earthquake or not , San Francisco makes the list .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Savageau is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Savageau says .','Earthquake or not , San Francisco makes the list .'))

Input: But attention also rivets on who finishes last , and Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But attention also rivets on who finishes last .', SUB/ELABORATION('Pine Bluff is Ark. .','Pine Bluff -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running .'))

Input: Northrop Corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 25 % to $ 21.5 million , or 46 cents a share , while General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 76.5 million , or $ 1.83 a share .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 21.5 million .','This was to 46 cents a share .' ), 'Northrop Corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 25 % .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 76.5 million .','General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 1.83 a share .'))

Input: Los Angeles-based Northrop recorded an 8.2 % decline in sales as B-2 Stealth bomber research-and-development revenue continued to ebb and high costs on some other programs cut into profit .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Los Angeles-based Northrop recorded an 8.2 % decline in sales .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as B-2 Stealth .','Bomber research-and-development revenue continued to ebb .' ), 'High costs on some other programs cut into profit .'))

Input: The aerospace concern earned $ 28.8 million , or 61 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The aerospace concern earned $ 28.8 million .','The aerospace concern earned 61 cents a share .'))

Input: It earned $ 76.4 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It earned $ 76.4 million .','It earned $ 1.82 a share .'))

Input: Northrop said sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A-18 fighter sections are being produced in its subcontract work with prime contractor McDonnell Douglas Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonnell Douglas Corp was its subcontract work with prime contractor .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Northrop said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the government .',', Sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A -18 fighter sections are being produced in McDonnell Douglas Corp .')))

Input: Northrop , which since early 1988 has declined to accept fixed-price contracts for research and development , said earnings were hurt by excessive costs on a number of such contracts won years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Northrop said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a number of such contracts won years ago .','Earnings were hurt by excessive costs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for research and development .','Northrop since early 1988 has declined to accept fixed-price contracts .')))

Input: At General Dynamics , factors reducing earnings in the military aircraft segment included higher levels of cost-sharing in development of the Advanced Tactical Fighter , and the high cost of an advanced version of the F-16 fighter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in development of the Advanced Tactical Fighter .','This was in the high cost of an advanced version of the F-16 fighter .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at General Dynamics .','Factors reducing earnings in the military aircraft segment included higher levels of cost-sharing .'))

Input: The results topped analysts ' expectations and the earnings growth of competitors , prompting traders to all but forget the product-launch delays that bogged down the company for much of the past two years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The results topped analysts ' expectations .','The results topped the earnings growth of competitors .' )SUB/PURPOSE('The results were prompting traders .','This was to all but forget the product-launch delays that bogged down the company for much of the past two years .'))

Input: Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lotus said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 153.9 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net rose to $ 23 million .','Net rose to 54 cents a share .')))

Input: A year ago , net was $ 14.3 million , or 31 cents a share , on sales of $ 116.8 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 116.8 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 14.3 million .','Net was 31 cents a share .')))

Input: For the nine months , net of $ 38.5 million , or 92 cents a share , trailed the year earlier 's $ 49.9 million , or $ 1.08 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .','Net of $ 38.5 million , or 92 cents a share , trailed .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('The year earlier 's $ 49.9 million .','The year earlier 's $ 1.08 a share .'))

Input: The company said results were bolstered by upgrades to Release 3 by previous customers and improved profit margins , the result of manufacturing-cost controls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Previous customers were the result of manufacturing-cost controls .','Improved profit margins were the result of manufacturing-cost controls .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/PURPOSE('Results were bolstered by upgrades .','This was to Release 3 by previous customers and improved profit margins .')))

Input: He estimated that 1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet by four-to-one in the quarter , and held a 70 % or better share of the spreadsheet market .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he estimated .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by four-to-one .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .','1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet .' ), '1-2-3 held a 70 % or better share of the spreadsheet market .')))

Input: Though details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake that shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area , a spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake .','The violent earthquake shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area .' ), 'A spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment .')

Input: Analysts and corporate officials said they expected practically no long-term disruption in shipments from the Valley of either hardware or software goods .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts and corporate officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in shipments .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from the Valley of either hardware or software goods .','They expected practically no long-term disruption .')))

Input: Intel Corp. , Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and National Semiconductor Corp. were all up and running yesterday , though many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways ; others elected to take the day off .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('Intel Corp. were all up and running yesterday .','Advanced Micro Devices Inc. were all up and running yesterday .','National Semiconductor Corp. were all up and running yesterday .' ), 'Many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways .' ), 'Others elected to take the day off .')

Input: Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water from broken pipes and clearing ceiling tiles and other debris from factory floors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from broken pipes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from factory floors .', CO/LIST('Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water and clearing ceiling tiles .','Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water and clearing other debris .')))

Input: But , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the microelectronics business , the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was given what might have happened to the fragile parts .','But the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas .' ), 'The fragile parts are at the heart of the microelectronics business .')

Input: For one thing , buildings there tend to be newer and , thus , in step with the latest safety codes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is thus .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the latest safety codes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for one thing .','Buildings there tend to be newer and in step .')))

Input: Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Intel said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was sensitive to the shake of an earthquake .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was over the past decade .','It has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves in the pipes that snake through its plants .')))

Input: Digital Equipment has set up disaster-recovery response centers in Dallas , Atlanta and Colorado Springs , Colo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Colo was Dallas , Atlanta and Colorado Springs .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Dallas , Atlanta and Colorado Springs .','Digital Equipment has set up disaster-recovery response centers .'))

Input: These units were handling calls both from people in the San Francisco area and from computers themselves , which are set to dial Digital automatically when trouble arises .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was both from people in the San Francisco area and from computers themselves .','These units were handling calls .' ), ', Computers themselves are set to dial Digital automatically when trouble arises .')

Input: Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory , where the Energy Department tests and conducts research on nuclear weapons , had only superficial damage , a spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory had only superficial damage .','This was what a spokesman said .' ), 'The Energy Department tests and conducts research on nuclear weapons .')

Input: At Lockheed Corp. 's missiles and space systems group in Sunnyvale , about 40 miles south of San Francisco , workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that there were no show-stoppers in the 150-plus buildings on its one-square-mile campus .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about 40 miles south .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at Lockheed Corp. 's missiles and space systems group in Sunnyvale of San Francisco .','Workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that there were no show-stoppers in the 150-plus buildings on its one-square-mile campus .'))

Input: Several engineering and research offices needed closer scrutiny to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling , but the bulk of the place is in pretty good shape , an official said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/PURPOSE(', Several engineering and research offices needed closer scrutiny .','This was to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling .' ), 'The bulk of the place is in pretty good shape .' ), 'This was what an official said .')

Input: One of Lockheed 's most lucrative sectors -- accounting for more than half the aerospace company 's $ 10.59 billion in sales in 1988 -- the missiles and space group is the prime Pentagon contractor on the Trident II ballistic missile .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Fortunately , the Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the beginning of October .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the beginning of October .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was fortunately .','The Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale .')))

Input: His company , Misa Manufacturing Inc. , was forced to seek protection from creditors under federal bankruptcy law in 1987 and has since been liquidated .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Misa Manufacturing Inc. was his company .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from creditors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under federal bankruptcy law in 1987 .','His company was forced to seek protection .' ), 'His company has since been liquidated .')))

Input: But his case is notable both for the scale of the fight -- it is n't often that a congressional hearing is held to determine whether one small businessman is a threat to the republic -- and for what it tells about the pitfalls of marketing a new product .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many larger egg producers are also egg processors , who crack , inspect , and sanitize billions of eggs , turning them into powdered , liquified or frozen egg products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Many larger egg producers are also egg processors .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Egg processors crack .','Egg processors inspect .','Egg processors sanitize billions of eggs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is into powdered , liquified or frozen egg products .','Egg processors are turning them .')))

Input: However , dozens of bakers , restaurant chefs and other food preparers who flocked to Mr. Maynard 's defense say that products ranging from egg bread to eclairs lose some zip when the eggs come in 30-pound cans instead of shells .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what dozens of bakers , restaurant chefs and other food preparers who flocked to Maynard 's defense say .','Products ranging from egg bread to eclairs lose some zip when the eggs come in 30-pound cans instead of shells .'))

Input: But for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by hand .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is well .','But for companies , breaking them can get out of hand .' ), ', Companies use hundreds of eggs a day .'))

Input: But when Mr. Maynard came forward with his machine in the early 1970s nobody else was offering them in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard came forward with his machine in the early 1970s .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .','But nobody else was offering them .')))

Input: Chickens carry this bacteria , which can cause upset stomachs and , in rare cases , death among people .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chickens carry this bacteria .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among people .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in rare cases .','This bacteria can cause upset stomachs and death .')))

Input: Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on unclean shells .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the eggs .','Hens sometimes pass salmonella .' ), 'It can also be found on unclean shells .')

Input: The Decatur , Ga. , trade group has issued a briefing book that claims the machine is a health hazard and that Mr. Maynard is trying to make a fast buck at the expense of the nation 's egg producers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Decatur , Ga. , trade group has issued a briefing book .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a briefing book claims .','The machine is a health hazard and that Maynard is trying to make a fast buck at the expense of the nation 's egg producers .')))

Input: The UEP declines to comment , but the group 's attorney , Alfred Frawley , says the group 's actions are motivated solely by health concerns .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The UEP declines to comment .', SUB/ELABORATION('Alfred Frawley was the group 's attorney .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the group 's attorney says .','The group 's actions are motivated solely by health concerns .')))

Input: Mr. Maynard , whose company at the time was based in Santa Ana , Calif. , enlisted his local congressman , and the battle was joined .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Santa Ana was Calif. .','Maynard , whose company at the time was based in Santa Ana , enlisted his local congressman .' ), 'The battle was joined .'))

Input: So far , New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Mr. Maynard 's device , citing health concerns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .','New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Maynard 's device .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .','New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota were citing health concerns .')))

Input: An antitrust suit that Mr. Maynard 's company filed in Los Angeles federal court against the United Egg Producers and others only added to the entrepreneur 's woes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard was An antitrust suit that Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was against the United Egg Producers .','Maynard 's company filed in Los Angeles federal court .' ), 'Others only added to the entrepreneur 's woes .'))

Input: The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard was Mr. .', CO/LIST('The judge dismissed the suit .','The judge ordered Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers .'))

Input: Now he has moved to Oklahoma where costs are lower , and started a new company , Adsi Inc. , to market his machine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Adsi Inc. was a new company .', SUB/ELABORATION('Now he has moved to Oklahoma .', CO/LIST(', Costs are lower .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Costs started a new company .','This was to market his machine .'))))

Input: Mr. Maynard recently fell from a horse and fractured his arm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maynard was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Maynard recently fell from a horse .','Maynard recently fractured his arm .'))

Input: But on the evidence of The Fabulous Baker Boys , that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least when she 's acting in movies .','But on the evidence of The Fabulous Baker Boys she ca n't do .' ), 'The evidence of The Fabulous Baker Boys may be the only thing .')

Input: As the tough , slinky lounge chanteuse in The Fabulous Baker Boys , Ms. Pfeiffer sings for herself , and more than passably well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pfeiffer is Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as the tough , slinky lounge chanteuse in The Fabulous Baker Boys .','Pfeiffer sings for herself , and more than passably well .'))

Input: Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do , like she 's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she 's concentrating on matching that internal tone .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way .','The greats do the way .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', She 's hearing the way .','It should sound inside her head the way .' ), ', She 's concentrating on matching that internal tone .'))

Input: Yet her intensity stops and starts with the music .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yet nothing about Baker Boys , and certainly nothing about Ms. Pfeiffer , really is like something from the video vault .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pfeiffer is nothing about Ms. .', CO/LIST('Yet nothing about Baker Boys really is like something from the video vault .','Yet certainly Pfeiffer , really is like something from the video vault .'))

Input: However , Mr. Kloves directs his own material without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace ; Baker Boys is both bluesy and funny .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Kloves is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','Kloves directs his own material .' ), 'Baker Boys is both bluesy and funny .')))

Input: After working for years with Werner Rainer Fassbinder , the late German director , and more recently with Martin Scorsese -LRB- After Hours , The Color of Money , The Last Temptation of Christ -RRB- , Mr. Ballhaus has developed a distinctively fluid style .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ballhaus was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Werner Rainer Fassbinder was the late German director .', SUB/ELABORATION('Hours were the Color of Money .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Ballhaus was working for years with Werner Rainer Fassbinder , and more recently with Martin Scorsese -LRB- After Hours The Last Temptation of Christ -RRB- .','Ballhaus has developed a distinctively fluid style .'))))

Input: And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship -LRB- Feelings is a must -RRB- without condescension .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So it 's quite possible that the terrific play between the brothers is n't natural at all , that Jeff and Beau had to work like crazy to make their brotherly love -- and resentment and frustration and rage -- seem so very real .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', So it 's quite possible .', SUB/ELABORATION('The terrific play between the brothers is n't natural at all .','Jeff and Beau had to work like crazy to make their brotherly love -- and resentment and frustration and rage -- seem so very real .'))

Input: He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('He 's got a wife and two kids .','He 's got a house in the suburbs .' )CO/LIST('The audience sees only the house .','The audience sees only near the end of the movie .'))

Input: Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the bookers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation .','Frank grovels a little .'))

Input: Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night -LRB- he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Yet Jack 's the one .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The one can remember every dive .','The one can when .' ), 'They ever played every dive .' ), 'Yet he dutifully shows up for work night after night -LRB- he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute -RRB- .'))

Input: Looking leaner than he has in a while , the younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is sexy and cynical and a far sadder case than Frank , who 's managed to chisel his dreams to fit reality without feeling too cheated .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is looking leaner .','He has in a while .' ), 'The younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is sexy and cynical and a far sadder case than Frank .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was without feeling too cheated .','Frank 's managed to chisel his dreams to fit reality .'))

Input: And Ms. Pfeiffer 's particular version of Making Whoopee -- and the way Mr. Ballhaus photographs her , from the tips of her red high heels right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Ms. Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pfeiffer was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ballhaus was the way Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the tips of her red high heels .','And Pfeiffer 's particular version of Making Whoopee -- and Ballhaus photographs her right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right .')))

Input: If you 'd like to see the first time Michelle Pfeiffer sang on screen , and you have a lot of patience , take a look at Grease 2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Michelle Pfeiffer was the first time .', SUB/CONDITION('You 'd like to see .','Michelle Pfeiffer sang on screen .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Grease 2 .','You have a lot of patience , take a look .')))

Input: International Proteins Corp. definitively agreed to pay $ 49 million and 2,850,000 of its shares for Hanson PLC 's Ground Round restaurant subsidiary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Hanson PLC 's Ground Round restaurant subsidiary .', CO/LIST('International Proteins Corp. definitively agreed to pay $ 49 million .','International Proteins Corp. definitively agreed to pay 2,850,000 of its shares .'))

Input: Hanson is a London producer of consumer and other goods .
Prediction: NONE

Input: General Dynamics Corp. was awarded contracts totaling $ 589 million for one Navy Trident submarine and for Air Force research on the National Aerospace plane .
Prediction: CO/LIST('General Dynamics Corp. was awarded contracts .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for one Navy Trident submarine and for Air Force research .','General Dynamics Corp. were totaling $ 589 million on the National Aerospace plane .'))

Input: Mr. Smith , 50 years old , was formerly responsible for advanced materials , which include plastic composites and alloys , in North America only .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 50 years old .',', Smith was formerly responsible for advanced materials .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is in North America .','Advanced materials include plastic composites and alloys only .')))

Input: Holders can either convert each share into 421 shares of the company 's common stock , or surrender their shares at the per-share price of $ 1,000 , plus accumulated dividends of $ 6.71 a share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is into 421 shares of the company 's common stock .','Holders can either convert each share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the per-share price of $ 1,000 , plus accumulated dividends of $ 6.71 a share .','Holders can either surrender their shares .'))

Input: Bank Building , which builds and equips banks , had announced it would restate the first-three quarters of this fiscal year , which ends Oct. 31 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bank Building had announced .','It would restate the first-three quarters of this fiscal year .' ), 'This fiscal year ends Oct. 31 .' ), 'Bank Building builds and equips banks .')

Input: Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bank Building said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It engaged advisers .','This was to explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units .' ), 'Bank Building expects to report a fourth-quarter loss .'))

Input: Bank Building earlier said the restatement is necessitated by certain errors in recording receivables and payables at its Loughman Cabinet division .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bank Building said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recording receivables and payables at its Loughman Cabinet division .','The restatement is necessitated by certain errors .'))

Input: Rep. Mary Rose Oakar -LRB- D. , Ohio -RRB- at last week 's hearings on irregularities in programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development :
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if I think that some people -LCB- on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's -RCB- staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Kemp is HUD Secretary .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .',', Some people -LCB- on Jack Kemp 's -RCB- staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown .' ), 'And , I have to tell you something .' ), 'I 'm not going to take it .'))

Input: On the other hand , if we 're asking for something unreasonable or unethical and so on , then that 's a whole different story .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('We 're asking for something unreasonable or unethical and so on .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is then .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the other hand .','That 's a whole different story .')))

Input: But if I feel that there are situations where I 'm trying to get housing for our area -- whatever it happens to be -- and I have to feel that I ca n't even ask a question , I 've got to tell you , I think that 's outrageous . .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i feel .','There are situations where I 'm trying to get housing for our area .' ), 'I have to feel that I ca n't even ask a question .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .',''s outrageous .'))

Input: Formerly president and treasurer , Mr. Lang remains chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is formerly president and treasurer .','Lang remains chief executive officer .'))

Input: Victor C. Benda , 58 , formerly executive vice president , succeeds Mr. Lang as president and becomes chief operating officer , a new post .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Victor C. Benda is 58 .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Chief operating officer is a new post .', CO/LIST('Victor C. Benda formerly executive vice president , succeeds Lang as president .','Victor C. Benda formerly executive vice president , becomes chief operating officer .'))))

Input: Neal Litvack , marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments , said inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Neal Litvack was marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Neal Litvack said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with about half .','Inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels .' ), 'About half was coming from equity and junk-bond funds .')))

Input: It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when rates were marching steadily upward , and hit 42 days in August .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year .', CO/LIST('Rates were marching steadily upward .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .','Rates hit 42 days .')))

Input: The average 30-day simple yield was 8.26 % , compared with 8.27 % the week before , and the 30-day compound yield slid to 8.60 % from 8.61 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with 8.27 % the week before .','The average 30-day simple yield was 8.26 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 8.61 % .','The 30-day compound yield slid to 8.60 % .'))

Input: whose Della Femina McNamee WCRS agency created liar Joe Isuzu , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to Paris-based Eurocom .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The complex restructuring , which was long expected , transforms London-based WCRS from primarily a creator of advertising into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from primarily a creator of advertising .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space .','The complex restructuring transforms London-based WCRS .' ), 'The complex restructuring was long expected .'))

Input: It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jerry Della Femina was New York ad man .', CO/LIST('It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by Jerry Della Femina .','It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by two top WCRS executives .'))

Input: WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in Europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media .','Media are buying in Europe .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in bulk .','The only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it .'))

Input: The transaction places the three executives squarely at the helm of a major agency with the rather unwieldy name of Eurocom WCRS Della Femina Ball Ltd. , or EWDB .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is squarely at the helm of a major agency with the rather unwieldy name of Eurocom WCRS Della Femina Ball Ltd. .','The transaction places the three executives .' ), 'The transaction EWDB .')

Input: The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in New York , Eurocom 's various agencies in France , the Belier Group in Europe and WCRS 's other advertising and direct marketing operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eurocom 's various agencies in France were New York .', CO/LIST('The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in New York .','The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in the Belier Group in Europe .','The merged agency will include Della Femina McNamee based in WCRS 's other advertising and direct marketing operations .'))

Input: He added that Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of # 100 million for acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for acquisitions .','Eurocom and WCRS had agreed to provide a development fund of # 100 million .'))

Input: The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain , while Mr. Breene said it also plans to make acquisitions in Scandinavia , Germany and elsewhere .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Breene was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Breene said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Scandinavia , Germany and elsewhere .','It also plans to make acquisitions .'))))

Input: To make it to top-10 status , it would have to leapfrog over such formidable forces as Grey Advertising , D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and Omnicom 's DDB Needham .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to make it to top-10 status .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as Grey Advertising .','This is as D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles .','This is as Omnicom 's DDB Needham .' ), 'It would have to leapfrog over such formidable forces .'))

Input: Still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .','The restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms .' ), 'Europe has seen .')

Input: As part of the restructuring , WCRS and Eurocom said they will look for ways to combine their media buying across Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what WCRS and Eurocom said as part of the restructuring .', SUB/PURPOSE('They will look for ways .','This is to combine their media buying across Europe .'))

Input: In addition to Carat , WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to Carat .','This is in addition .' ), 'WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses .')

Input: For Carat , meanwhile , the alliance with Eurocom and WCRS is intended to strengthen its own push outside France .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was outside France .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Carat .','The alliance with Eurocom and WCRS is intended to strengthen its own push .')))

Input: They thus have won the French space-buying business of such advertising giants as Coca-Cola Co. , Fiat S.p . A. , Gillette and Kodak .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as Coca-Cola Co. .','This was as Fiat S.p . A. .','This was as Gillette .','This was as Kodak .' ), 'They thus have won the French space-buying business of such advertising giants .')

Input: But WCRS added that in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets , it has arranged medium-term debt financing , which would be underwritten by Samuel Montagu & Co. Ltd .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But WCRS added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets .','It has arranged medium-term debt financing .' ), 'Medium-term debt financing would be underwritten by Samuel Montagu & Co. Ltd .'))

Input: Tuesday 's earthquake brought the San Francisco ad scene to a screeching halt yesterday , with only a few staffers showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to wring their hands about imminent new-business presentations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a screeching halt .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with only a few staffers .','Tuesday 's earthquake brought the San Francisco ad scene yesterday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was about imminent new-business presentations .','Only a few staffers were showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to wring their hands .')))

Input: Plaster fell and windows were broken at Chiat\/Day\/Mojo , a spokesman for that agency said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Plaster fell .','Windows were broken at Chiat\/Day\/Mojo .' ), 'This was what a spokesman for that agency said .')

Input: Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic shampoo and conditioner and Aqua Net hairspray .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thompson is a unit of WPP Group .', CO/LIST('Thompson will handle Faberge Organic shampoo and conditioner .','Thompson will handle Faberge Organic Aqua Net hairspray .'))

Input: He had been president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Diamond-Star Motors Corp. , a joint venture of Chrysler Corp. and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will begin shipping Mitsubishi Eclipse cars to Japan next week , emulating other Japanese auto ventures shipping U.S.-built vehicles back to Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Diamond-Star Motors Corp. were a joint venture of Chrysler Corp. .','Diamond-Star Motors Corp. were a joint venture of Mitsubishi Motors Corp. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Diamond-Star Motors Corp. said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Japan .','It will begin shipping Mitsubishi Eclipse cars next week , emulating other Japanese auto ventures shipping U.S.-built vehicles back to Japan .')))

Input: There can be no quibbling that the Armenians endured terrible suffering , but one has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('There can be no quibbling .','The Armenians endured terrible suffering .' ), 'One has to wonder what possible good such a resolution will achieve .')

Input: Turkey has been fighting its past for years , and thus far has been only partially successful .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for years .','Turkey has been fighting its past .' ), 'Turkey thus far has been only partially successful .')

Input: The Turkish refugee tragedy and the ongoing crisis can not be ignored and shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history that has become so convenient recently .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The Turkish refugee tragedy can not be ignored .','The ongoing crisis can not be ignored .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Turkish refugee tragedy can not be shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history .','The ongoing crisis can not be shuttled off to that notorious dustbin of history .' ), 'That notorious dustbin of history has become so convenient recently .'))

Input: Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was surely .','The past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was surely .','The past suffering of any people at any time can not be forgotten .'))

Input: But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end .', CO/LIST('It merely produces more controversy .','It merely produces embittered memories .'))

Input: Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months , and the U.S. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months .', CO/LIST('The U.S. does its values no credit by .','The U.S. is ignoring that while casting its votes into the past .'))

Input: Housing and Urban Development 's budget is $ 17 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: From what we and the nation have been reading , the money is n't being spent very well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from what we have been reading .','This was from what the nation have been reading .' ), 'The money is n't being spent very well .')

Input: They also give those in Congress political credit for bringing home the pork , and so they are popular with such Members as Mary Rose Oakar .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for .','They also give those in Congress political credit .' ), 'They also is bringing home the pork .' ), 'They are popular with such Members as Mary Rose Oakar .')

Input: Rep. Oakar , a Democrat from Cleveland , wants a $ 6.9 million grant so Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oakar is Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Oakar is a Democrat from Cleveland .', SUB/ELABORATION('Oakar wants a $ 6.9 million grant .',', Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame .')))

Input: She says it 'd create 600 jobs and bring Cleveland tourist revenue .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what she says .', CO/LIST('It 'd create 600 jobs .','It 'd bring Cleveland tourist revenue .'))

Input: We 're sure some theologian can explain the difference between what the Republican consultants have been doing with HUD and what these gentleladies and gentlemen want to do with HUD .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For more than 50 years the federal government has tried various ways to provide housing for the poor and revive cities .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for more than 50 years .','The federal government has tried various ways .' ), 'This was to provide housing for the poor and revive cities .')

Input: It 's still unclear whether Secretary Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room at HUD or just tighten a few screws here and there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kemp is Secretary .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's still unclear .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at HUD .','Kemp wants to completely overhaul the engine room or just tighten a few screws here and there .')))

Input: The extent of the disaster stemmed from years of chicanery and bureaucratic indifference .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The financial equivalent of the sand used by those Armenian contractors is junk bonds and the leveraged buy-outs associated with them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The financial equivalent of the sand is junk bonds .','The financial equivalent of the sand is the leveraged buy-outs associated with them .' ), 'The sand was used by those Armenian contractors .')

Input: Builders get away with using sand and financiers junk when society decides it 's okay , necessary even , to look the other way .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is necessary .','Builders get away with using sand and financiers junk when society decides it 's okay even .' ), 'This is to look the other way .')

Input: That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 and the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 and 8 % in 1987 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('That same calculation saw .','Profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The supposed miracle has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 .','The supposed miracle has seen the profit rate rise only to 8 % in 1987 .' ), 'The supposed miracle followed .'))

Input: But of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But of course the market could decide .', SUB/CONDITION('The firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing .','The firm is not producing profits .'))

Input: His assumption is that the underlying profitability rate will go up and the capital assets he bought on the cheap will soon be producing profits , thus restoring the market 's faith in them .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('His assumption is .','The underlying profitability rate will go up .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The capital assets will soon be producing profits , thus restoring the market 's faith in them .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the cheap .','He bought The capital assets .')))

Input: But here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet , and where society was maybe foolish to look the other way .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The profit rate is still low .', CO/LIST('The Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 .','The Q ratio was 68.9 % in 1988 .'))

Input: But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history -LRB- in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity -RRB- for society to continue shielding its eyes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there were enough promoters .', SUB/PURPOSE('Enough promoters were announcing the end of history -LRB- in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity -RRB- for society .','This was to continue shielding its eyes .'))

Input: Mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with soaring productivity and profits .','This was with the weaker gone to the wall .' ), 'The end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America .'))

Input: What is the consequence of a high-interest burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Fukuyama might want to consult some American workers on the subject of class and egalitarianism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fukuyama is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the subject of class and egalitarianism .','Fukuyama might want to consult some American workers .'))

Input: But there are signs now -- the strikes by miners , Boeing workers , telephone workers , etc. -- that this attack on wages is being more fiercely resisted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by miners .','Boeing workers were the strikes .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But there are signs now -- the strikes by miners telephone workers , etc. -- .','This attack on wages is being more fiercely resisted .'))

Input: Japan Air Lines , Lufthansa German Airlines and Air France reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year , a move that could further consolidate the industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('An international air-freight company this year is a move .','A move could further consolidate the industry .' )CO/LIST('Japan Air Lines reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year .','Lufthansa German Airlines reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year .','Air France reportedly plan to form an international air-freight company this year .'))

Input: Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and ground-cargo and air-cargo systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nihon Keizai Shimbun was Japanese newspaper .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported .', CO/LIST('The three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers .','The three giants plan to integrate ground-cargo and air-cargo systems .')))

Input: They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen -LRB- $ 140 million -RRB- in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the venture .','They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen -LRB- $ 140 million -RRB- .' ), 'The venture 's headquarters would be in France or West Germany .')

Input: Mr. Daly said such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat posed by Federal Express , United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daly was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies were Federal Express .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Daly said .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat .','The competitive threat was posed by Federal Express .'))))

Input: Many airlines are talking about cargo ventures , and there have been rumors about such a tie between JAL and European airlines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many airlines are talking about cargo ventures .', CO/LIST('There have been rumors about such a tie between JAL .','There have been rumors about such a tie between European airlines .'))

Input: But he said JAL is talking to Lufthansa and Air France about some sort of cargo venture .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is about some sort of cargo venture .','JAL is talking to Lufthansa and Air France .'))

Input: In Frankfurt , a Lufthansa spokesman confirmed talks are under way , but declined to comment .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Frankfurt .','A Lufthansa spokesman confirmed .' ), 'Talks are under way .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Frankfurt .','A Lufthansa spokesman declined to comment .'))

Input: Nothing is defined or signed at this point , Mr. Daly said of the talks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daly was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Nothing is defined or signed at this point .','This was what Daly said of the talks .'))

Input: They plan to increase cooperation in freight ground-handling and create a world-wide computer system to process cargo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in freight ground-handling .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to process cargo .','They plan to increase cooperation and create a world-wide computer system .'))

Input: Other airlines would have access to the system , they said , and negotiations with partners were already under way .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the system .','Other airlines would have access .' ), 'Negotiations with partners were already under way .')

Input: Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters and 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both freight and passengers on the main deck .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('747 Combis are aircraft .','Aircraft carry both freight and passengers on the main deck .' )CO/LIST('Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters .','Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of 747 Combis .'))

Input: Last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from British Airways so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the carrier said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from British Airways .','It wanted to lease crews and planes so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations .'))

Input: Federal Paper Board sells paper and wood products .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities and Exchange Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the American , New York and Philadelphia stock exchanges and to the Chicago Board Options Exchange .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Securities and Exchange Commission said in a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake .', SUB/ELABORATION('It temporarily reassigned options .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the American , New York and Philadelphia stock exchanges and to the Chicago Board Options Exchange .','Options were listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange .')))

Input: SEC Chairman Richard Breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Breeden was SEC Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Breeden said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market .','The cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors .')))

Input: Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials at the four exchanges said .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE .','Well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the Pacific-listed options .','They would continue making markets .')))

Input: But professionals said throughout the day that the shutdown would n't be a cause for alarm even if it were to persist for several days .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what professionals said throughout the day .', SUB/CONDITION('The shutdown would n't be a cause for alarm .','It were to persist for several days .'))

Input: Traders worked with the help of sunlight streaming through windows , despite large cracks in the walls and a lack of incoming phone calls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was through windows .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was despite large cracks in the walls .','This was despite a lack of incoming phone calls .' ), 'Traders worked with the help of sunlight streaming .'))

Input: Volume is down out of San Francisco , but not out of the 11 outlying offices , Mr. Daggs added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daggs was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Daggs added was the 11 outlying offices .','Volume is down out of San Francisco , but not out of the 11 outlying offices .'))

Input: Others , like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , which has eight offices in the San Francisco area , set up an 800 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for customers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. .','Others set up an 800 number yesterday morning .' ), 'This was to obtain market commentary and other help .' ), 'Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. has eight offices in the San Francisco area .'))

Input: At Quotron , the company 's National Call-In Center , which swung into action for the first time last month for Hurricane Hugo , assembled a tactical team at 5 a.m. yesterday to begin rerouting lines and restore service to brokers and traders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 5 a.m. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Quotron .','The company 's National Call-In Center assembled a tactical team yesterday .' ), 'This was to begin rerouting lines and restore service to brokers and traders .' ), 'The company 's National Call-In Center swung into action for the first time last month for Hurricane Hugo .'))

Input: But Dale Irvine , director of the emergency center , said service was being restored to outlying San Francisco areas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dale Irvine was director of the emergency center .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dale Irvine said .',', Service was being restored to outlying San Francisco areas .'))

Input: The firm also will permit its members and the public to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the Pacific exchange even if the exchange is closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , Mr. Luthringshausen said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Luthringshausen was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options are protected to the extent .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into the underlying instrument .','They can convert their put and call options .' ), 'This was what Luthringshausen said .')))

Input: As of the end of the second quarter , it had $ 4.47 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on hand .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as of the end of the second quarter .','It had $ 4.47 billion of cash and marketable securities .'))

Input: At yesterday 's closing price , $ 1 billion would buy back about 10 million shares , or less than 2 % of the roughly 580 million outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at yesterday 's closing price .', CO/DISJUNCTION('$ 1 billion would buy back about 10 million shares .','$ 1 billion would buy back less than 2 % of the roughly 580 million outstanding .'))

Input: Over the long term , however , IBM 's stock repurchases -- along with its hefty , $ 4.84-a-share annual dividend and generally loyal following among large institutional investors -- are providing a floor for the stock price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .', SUB/ELABORATION('IBM is the long term .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is $ 4.84-a-share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is over IBM 's stock .','Repurchases -- along with its hefty annual dividend and generally loyal following among large institutional investors -- are providing a floor for the stock price .'))))

Input: Although IBM last year produced its first strong results in four years and was expected to continue to roll this year , it began faltering as early as January .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in four years .','IBM last year produced its first strong results .' ), 'IBM last year was expected to continue to roll this year .' ), 'It began faltering as early as January .')

Input: Then it had a series of smaller glitches , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including problems .','Then it had a series of smaller glitches .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the announcement of some important workstations .', CO/LIST('Problems were manufacturing certain personal computers .','Problems were manufacturing the delay .')))

Input: The strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM 's per-share earnings for the full year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was off IBM 's per-share earnings .','The strong dollar is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents for the full year .' ), 'The strong dollar reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars .')

Input: Without that problem , IBM might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was without that problem .', CO/DISJUNCTION('IBM might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 5.81 billion .','IBM might have matched last year 's earnings of $ 9.80 a share .'))

Input: Brokerage houses jumped in , touting post-quake demand stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Brokerage houses jumped in .','Brokerage houses were touting post-quake demand stocks .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans .', CO/LIST(', San Franciscans might need emergency investment advice .',', San Franciscans might help in transferring funds .')))

Input: Georgia Pacific Corp. , up $ 1.25 to $ 58 , and Maxxam Inc. , up $ 3 to $ 43.75 , both reported strong profits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was up $ 3 to $ 43.75 .', CO/LIST('Georgia Pacific Corp. was up $ 1.25 to $ 58 .','Georgia Pacific Corp. was Maxxam Inc. .' ), 'Georgia Pacific Corp. both reported strong profits .'))

Input: Merrill Lynch & Co. touted Georgia-Pacific , Louisiana Pacific Corp. and Willamette Industries Inc. as the best post-quake plywood plays .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as the best post-quake plywood plays .', CO/LIST('Merrill Lynch & Co. touted Georgia-Pacific .','Merrill Lynch & Co. touted Louisiana Pacific Corp. .','Merrill Lynch & Co. touted Willamette Industries Inc. .'))

Input: Other gainers were companies with one or more undamaged California refineries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Tosco Corp. jumped $ 1.125 to $ 20.125 and Chevron Corp. , despite a temporary pipeline shutdown , rose $ 1 to $ 65 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 20.125 .','Tosco Corp. jumped $ 1.125 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite a temporary pipeline shutdown .',', Chevron Corp. rose $ 1 to $ 65 .'))

Input: Meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the likelihood .', CO/LIST(', Shares of some big housing lenders got hit that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage .',', Shares of some big housing lenders got hit that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered perhaps a loss in value .')))

Input: Wells Fargo & Co. fell 50 cents to $ 81.50 , and BankAmerica Corp. fell 50 cents to $ 31.875 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 81.50 .','Wells Fargo & Co. fell 50 cents .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 31.875 .','BankAmerica Corp. fell 50 cents .'))

Input: Some California thrift stocks also fell , including Golden West Financial Corp. and H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , which reported lower earnings yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including Golden West Financial Corp. .','This was including H.F. Ahmanson & Co. .' ), ', Some California thrift stocks also fell .' ), 'H.F. Ahmanson & Co. reported lower earnings yesterday .')

Input: A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some investors think .','It might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines .'))

Input: Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the scores of futures and options .','Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim .' ), 'Friday 's stock market plunge was trading firms here .')

Input: He added that Petco remained in compliance with all industry capital requirements during the market 's rapid plunge Friday and Monday 's rebound .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with all industry capital requirements .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was during the market 's rapid plunge Friday .','This was during Monday 's rebound .' ), 'Petco remained in compliance .')))

Input: The CBOE , American Stock Exchange , Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett , owner of Fossett , joined in putting up $ 50 million to guarantee the accounts at First Options .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The CBOE was American Stock Exchange .', SUB/ELABORATION('The CBOE Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett were owner of Fossett .','The CBOE Options Clearing Corp. and Stephen Fossett joined in putting up $ 50 million to guarantee the accounts at First Options .'))

Input: The head of another small options clearing firm , who asked not to be identified , said that the heightened volatility in the financial markets in recent years makes it increasingly difficult for any but the largest financial trading firms to shoulder the risk inherent in the highly leveraged options and futures business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the head of another small options clearing firm said .','The heightened volatility in the financial markets in recent years makes it increasingly difficult for any but the largest financial trading firms to shoulder the risk inherent in the highly leveraged options and futures business .' ), 'The head of another small options clearing firm asked not to be identified .')

Input: But put her behind a shopping cart and she turns ruthless .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is behind a shopping cart .','But put her .' ), 'But she turns ruthless .')

Input: After she heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils in many cookies , she dropped Pepperidge Farm and started buying brands free of such oils .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in many cookies .',', She heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils .' )CO/LIST(', She dropped Pepperidge Farm .',', She started buying brands free of such oils .'))

Input: I always thought Pepperidge Farm was tasty and high quality , Mrs. Lombardi says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lombardi is Mrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('I always thought .','Pepperidge Farm was tasty and high quality .' ), 'This is what Lombardi says .'))

Input: But I do n't want any of that oil for my grandkids .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- Pepperidge Farm says it ca n't tell exactly how many customers it has lost , but it hopes to remove the objectionable tropical oil from all its products by year end . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Pepperidge Farm says .', SUB/ELABORATION('It ca n't tell .','It has lost .' ), '-LRB- it hopes to remove the objectionable tropical oil from all its products by year end . -RRB- .'))

Input: She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices , nutritional and environmental concerns , and other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', She represents a new breed of savvy consumer .', CO/LIST('A new breed of savvy consumer puts bargain prices .','A new breed of savvy consumer puts nutritional and environmental concerns .','A new breed of savvy consumer puts other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty .'))

Input: Marketers themselves are partly to blame : They 've increased spending for coupons and other short-term promotions at the expense of image-building advertising .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Marketers themselves are partly to blame .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the expense of image-building advertising .', CO/LIST('They 've increased spending for coupons .','They 've increased spending for other short-term promotions .')))

Input: For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lombardi was Mrs. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Lombardi for the survey .','Whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty .'))

Input: Only for cigarettes , mayonnaise and toothpaste did more than 60 % of users say they typically stick with the same brand .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Only for cigarettes , mayonnaise and toothpaste did .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what more than 60 % of users say .','They typically stick with the same brand .'))

Input: Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to me .',', Coke and Pepsi are all the same .' ), 'I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale .')

Input: People often stay with a particular brand because they want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys , whether that 's macho Marlboro cigarettes or Cher 's Uninhibited perfume .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('People often stay with a particular brand .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys , whether that 's macho Marlboro cigarettes .','They want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys , whether that 's Cher 's Uninhibited perfume .'))

Input: Underwear scored a middling 36 % in brand loyalty , but consumer researchers say that 's actually quite high for such a mundane product .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in brand loyalty .','Underwear scored a middling 36 % .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what consumer researchers say .',''s actually quite high for such a mundane product .'))

Input: In the past , you just wore Fruit of the Loom and did n't care , says Peter Kim , U.S. director of consumer behavior research for the J. Walter Thompson ad agency .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He believes there 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes .', CO/LIST('There 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image .','There 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create more consumer loyalty .'))

Input: Marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what marketers speculate .', CO/LIST('More affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives .', SUB/PURPOSE('More affluent people do n't have time .','This is to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price .')))

Input: They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was than any generation .','They grew up with more brand choices .' ), 'They have shown less allegiance so far .')

Input: But now that they 're settling down and raising families , might they also show more stability in their brand choices ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , he says , but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories .', CO/LIST('Boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances .','Boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances .'))

Input: The BBDO Worldwide ad agency studied brand parity and found that consumers believe all brands are about the same in a number of categories , particularly credit cards , paper towels , dry soups and snack chips .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The BBDO Worldwide ad agency studied brand parity .', SUB/ELABORATION('The BBDO Worldwide ad agency found .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what consumers believe .', CO/LIST('All brands are about the same in a number of categories .','All brands are about the same in a number of particularly credit cards .','All brands are about the same in a number of paper towels .','All brands are about the same in a number of dry soups .','All brands are about the same in a number of snack chips .'))))

Input: Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was too often .', CO/LIST('Advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand .','Advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between the consumer .'))

Input: While discount promotions are essential for most brands , some companies concede they went overboard in shifting money from advertising to coupons , refunds and other sales incentives .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Discount promotions are essential for most brands .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some companies concede .', CO/LIST('They went overboard in shifting money from advertising to coupons .','They went overboard in shifting money from advertising to refunds .','They went overboard in shifting money from advertising to other sales incentives .')))

Input: But most companies are too afraid to take that chance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for about a year in 1987 .','The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the coffee business .', CO/LIST('The Kraft General Foods brand gave up several market share points .','The Kraft General Foods brand gave up its leadership position .')))

Input: But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But Maxwell House was returning to advertising .', CO/LIST('But , Maxwell House has regained the lost share .','But , Maxwell House is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers .'))

Input: Now , Philip Morris -LCB- Kraft General Foods ' parent company -RCB- is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House , says Dick Mayer , president of the General Foods USA division .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the extent of the damages .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month .','Getting a grip is proving a far more difficult task .'))

Input: But investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense price-cutting wars among business insurers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But investors are betting .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is among business insurers .','The financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense price-cutting wars .'))

Input: Aetna and other insurers are hiring engineers and architects to help them assess structural damage .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Aetna are hiring engineers and architects .','Other insurers are hiring engineers and architects .' ), 'This is to help them assess structural damage .')

Input: About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon , along with laptop computers , cellular phones and blank checks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was along .', CO/LIST('About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon with laptop computers .','About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon with cellular phones .','About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon with blank checks .'))

Input: Some adjusters , already in other parts of California , drove to the disaster area with recreational vehicles and mobile homes that could be used as makeshift claims-processing centers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with recreational vehicles .','This was with mobile homes .' ), ', Some adjusters , already in other parts of California , drove to the disaster area .' ), 'Mobile homes could be used as makeshift claims-processing centers .')

Input: State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , the largest home and auto insurer in California , believes the losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 475 million in damages it expects to pay out for claims resulting from Hurricane Hugo .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. is the largest home and auto insurer in California .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. believes .', SUB/ELABORATION('The losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 475 million in damages .', SUB/ELABORATION('It expects to pay out for claims .',', Claims are resulting from Hurricane Hugo the $ 475 million .'))))

Input: Earthquake insurance is sold as a separate policy or a specific endorsement rider on a homeowner 's policy in California , because of the area 's vulnerability to earthquakes .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was on a homeowner 's policy in California , because of the area 's vulnerability .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to earthquakes .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Earthquake insurance is sold as a separate policy .','Earthquake insurance is sold as a specific endorsement rider .')))

Input: The Association of California Insurance Companies estimated damage to residential property could total $ 500 million , but only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured , it said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Association of California Insurance Companies estimated .','Damage to residential property could total $ 500 million .' ), 'Only $ 100 million to $ 150 million is insured .' ), 'This was what it said .')

Input: That coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies including Fireman 's Fund Corp. , based in Novato , Calif. , and Cigna Corp. , based in Philadelphia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Fireman 's Fund Corp. .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was based in Novato .','This was based in Calif. .','This was based in Cigna Corp. .' ), 'That coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies .' ), 'Novato , Calif. , and Cigna Corp. were based in Philadelphia .'))

Input: British , West German , Scandinavian and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims from the San Francisco earthquake disaster .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the San Francisco earthquake disaster .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is West German , Scandinavian .','British and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims .'))

Input: Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 1 million , or six cents a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 1 million .','This was from six cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION(', Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million .',', Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to 28 cents a share .')))

Input: Hunter Environmental Services Inc. said it reached a preliminary accord on the sale of its environmental consulting and services business for about $ 40 million and assumption of related debt .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hunter Environmental Services Inc. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on the sale of its environmental consulting and services business for about $ 40 million .','This was on the sale of assumption of related debt .' ), 'It reached a preliminary accord .'))

Input: But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John is talks with Sir .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ford is Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week .','But Ford is pressing harder for John .'))

Input: The fiercely proud but financially strapped British company prefers to remain independent and publicly held , despite Ford 's promise of access to cash and technological know-how .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to cash and technological know-how .','This was despite Ford 's promise of access .' ), 'The fiercely proud but financially strapped British company prefers to remain independent and publicly held .')

Input: Jaguar shares stood at 405 pence before Ford 's initial announcement , but the subsequent takeover frenzy has driven them up .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before Ford 's initial announcement .','Jaguar shares stood at 405 pence .' ), 'The subsequent takeover frenzy has driven them up .')

Input: A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We have designs for such -LCB- executive -RCB- cars , but have never been able to develop them , Sir John said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John was Sir .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('We have designs for such -LCB- executive -RCB- cars .','We have never been able to develop them .' ), 'This was what John said .'))

Input: Although two Baby Bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and unregulated business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in access lines .','This was in usage .','This was in unregulated business revenue .' ), 'Two Baby Bells showed strong growth .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net .','While the other posted a small drop .'))

Input: Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % , after strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Ameritech Corp. 's earnings increased 2.8 % .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Strong revenue gains were offset somewhat by refunds and rate reductions .','Refunds and rate reductions were imposed by regulators in its Midwest territory .'))

Input: BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of debt refinancing , the recent acquisition of a cellular and paging property and rate reductions in its Southeast territory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as a result of debt refinancing .','This was as the recent acquisition of a cellular and paging property .','This was as rate reductions in its Southeast territory .' ), 'BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % .')

Input: At BellSouth , based in Atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended Sept .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the 12-month period .','The 12-month period was ended Sept .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at BellSouth .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was based in Atlanta .',', Customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % .')))

Input: Overall access minutes of use increased 10.3 % and toll messages jumped 5.2 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Overall access minutes of use increased .', CO/LIST('10.3 % jumped 5.2 % .','Toll messages jumped 5.2 % .'))

Input: BellSouth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John L. Clendenin said three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John L. Clendenin was Chief Executive Officer .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('BellSouth Chairman said three factors .','John L. Clendenin said three factors .' ), 'Three factors were accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings .'))

Input: The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was by $ 22 million .','This was by five cents a share .' ), 'The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income .' ), 'The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs .')

Input: Local service revenue increased 3.5 % and directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Local service revenue increased .', CO/LIST('3.5 % jumped 9.5 % .','Directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % .'))

Input: But network access revenue dropped 4 % and toll revenue dropped 1.4 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But network access revenue dropped .', CO/LIST('4 % dropped 1.4 % .','Toll revenue dropped 1.4 % .'))

Input: c - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share and extraordinary gain of 14 cents a share from cumulative effect of accounting change .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Wall Street Journal American Way of Buying Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls conducted for the Journal by Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Wall Street Journal American Way of Buying Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by Peter D. Hart Research Associates .','This was by the Roper Organization .' ), 'Two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls were conducted for the Journal .'))

Input: The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from June 15 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to June 30 , 1989 .','The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older .'))

Input: The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from July 7 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to July 15 , 1989 .','The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older .'))

Input: In it , traders buy or sell stocks and offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts to profit from fleeting price discrepancies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in it .','Traders buy or sell stocks .' )SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in it .','Traders offset those positions in stock-index futures contracts .' ), 'This was to profit from fleeting price discrepancies .'))

Input: The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Friday and Monday , or the type of strategies used .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Big Board declined to name the Wall Street firms involved in the activity Friday and Monday .','The Big Board declined to name the type of strategies .' ), ', Strategies were used .')

Input: But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders on the exchange floor said .','Most of the top program-trading firms were active both days .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on monitor screens .','Traders on the exchange floor can observe the computer-guided trading activity .'))

Input: On Friday , the stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor 's 500 futures contract -- a circuit breaker procedure instituted after the 1987 crash and implemented for the first time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Friday .','The stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market .' ), 'The Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor 's 500 futures contract -- a circuit breaker procedure instituted after the 1987 crash and implemented for the first time .')

Input: Futures trading resumed a half-hour later , but the session ended shortly thereafter , leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Futures trading resumed a half-hour later .', SUB/ELABORATION('The session ended shortly thereafter , leaving the stock market .','The stock market was set up for more sell programs .' ), 'This was what traders said .'))

Input: But stunning volatility was produced in the process .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by day 's end .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points .','The Dow industrials had rebounded nearly half of Friday 's drop .'))

Input: Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , or $ 3.65 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million .','Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 3.65 a share .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was on its Arizona real estate holdings .','Valley National Corp. suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses .'))

Input: The company earned $ 18.7 million , or 95 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 18.7 million .','The company earned 95 cents a share .'))

Input: For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million .','Valley National posted a net loss of $ 6.90 a share .'))

Input: It had profit of $ 48.6 million , or $ 2.46 a share , in the 1988 period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It had profit of $ 48.6 million .','It had profit of $ 2.46 a share .'))

Input: The Arizona real estate market continues to be depressed , and there is still uncertainty as to when values will recover , James P. Simmons , chairman , said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James P. Simmons was chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The Arizona real estate market continues to be depressed .','There is still uncertainty as to when values will recover .' ), 'This was what James P. Simmons said .'))

Input: Richard M. Greenwood , Valley National 's executive vice president , said then that the company believed the write-downs were adequate and did n't plan to increase its reserves again .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard M. Greenwood was Valley National 's executive vice president .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard M. Greenwood said then .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company believed .','The write-downs were adequate .' ), 'Richard M. Greenwood did n't plan to increase its reserves again .')))

Input: The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The key will be .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Arizona real estate turns around .','Arizona real estate stabilizes .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: They 've stepped up to the plate to take the write-downs , but when markets head down , a company is always exposed to further negative surprises , Mr. Hoyt said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hoyt was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('They 've stepped up to the plate to take the write-downs .', SUB/ELABORATION('Markets head down .','A company is always exposed to further negative surprises .' ), 'This was what Hoyt said .')))

Input: Ever since that fearful Black Monday , they 've been tirelessly wooing wary individual investors -- trying to convince them that Oct. 19 , 1987 , was a fluke and that the stock market really is a safe place for average Americans to put their hard-earned dollars .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was ever since that fearful Black Monday .','They 've been tirelessly wooing wary individual investors -- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was ever since that fearful Black Monday .','They was trying to convince them that Oct. 19 , 1987 , was a fluke and that the stock market really is a safe place for average Americans to put their hard-earned dollars .'))

Input: I think it will shake confidence one more time , and a lot of this business is based on client confidence .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','It will shake confidence one more time .' ), 'A lot of this business is based on client confidence .')

Input: Customers and potential customers are suddenly complaining about the stock market in the exact way they did in post-crash 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Customers are suddenly complaining about the stock market in the exact way .','Potential customers are suddenly complaining about the stock market in the exact way .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in post-crash 1987 .','They did the exact way .'))

Input: All of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Shearson and Merrill Lynch & Co. that have big retail , or individual-investor , businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('All of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Shearson .','All of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Merrill Lynch & Co. .' ), 'Bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Shearson and Merrill Lynch & Co. have big retail , or individual-investor , businesses .')

Input: And before last Friday , they were actually making modest progress .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2 % in 1988 , and shriveled to barely 14 % some months during the year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1988 .','The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2 % .' ), 'The retail participation shriveled to barely 14 % some months during the year .')

Input: Yet in 1989 , retail participation has been more than 20 % in every month , and was 23.5 % in August , the latest month for which figures are available .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('August was the latest month for which figures are available .', CO/LIST('Yet in 1989 , retail participation has been more than 20 % in every month .','Yet in 1989 , retail participation was 23.5 % in August .'))

Input: But Friday did n't help things , says Mr. Schaefer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Joseph Grano , president of retail sales and marketing at PaineWebber Group Inc. , still thinks that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Joseph Grano is president of retail sales .','Joseph Grano is marketing at PaineWebber Group Inc. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Joseph Grano thinks .','Individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market .'))

Input: Investors will develop thicker skins , and their confidence will return , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Investors will develop thicker skins .','Their confidence will return .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: The two offerings bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 31 billion and its total volume to $ 43.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 31 billion .','The two offerings bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance .' ), 'The program began in April 1987 .' ), 'The two offerings its total volume to $ 43.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 .')

Input: $ 200 million of floating-rate notes due November 1994 , paying six-month London interbank offered rate plus 3\/16 point and priced at par via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Callable on March 31 , 1992 , at 109 , also beginning Sept. 30 , 1992 , from 101 1\/2 and declining half a point semiannually to par .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's and single-B by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: John V. Holmes , an investment-newsletter publisher , and three venture-capital firms he organized were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('John V. Holmes were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies .','An investment-newsletter publisher were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies .','Three venture-capital firms were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies .' ), 'He organized three venture-capital firms .')

Input: As part of an agreement that settled charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission , a receiver was also appointed for the three venture-capital firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of an agreement .','A receiver was also appointed for the three venture-capital firms .' )SUB/ELABORATION('An agreement settled .',', Charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission .'))

Input: Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984 , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Holmes was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1984 .','Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter .'))

Input: In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Holmes was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1986 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in another consent agreement with the SEC .','Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws .')))

Input: In charges filed last week in federal district court in Charlotte , N.C. , the SEC alleged that Venture Capitalists Inc. , Venture Finance Corp. and New Ventures Fund Inc. , all of Charlotte , failed repeatedly to file proper documents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Venture Capitalists Inc. were all of Charlotte .','Venture Finance Corp. were all of Charlotte .','New Ventures Fund Inc. were all of Charlotte .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the SEC alleged in charges filed last week in federal district court in Charlotte , N.C. .', CO/LIST('Venture Capitalists Inc. failed repeatedly to file proper documents .','Venture Finance Corp. failed repeatedly to file proper documents .','New Ventures Fund Inc. failed repeatedly to file proper documents .')))

Input: The SEC also charged that Mr. Holmes acted as an officer or director of New Ventures , in violation of his previous consent agreement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Holmes was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The SEC also charged .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in violation of his previous consent agreement .','Holmes acted as an officer or director of New Ventures .')))

Input: Some companies were delinquent in filings and other actions , all of which cost money , Mr. Holmes said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Holmes was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Some companies were delinquent in filings and other actions , all of which cost money .','This was what Holmes said .'))

Input: Two of Mr. Holmes 's business associates who worked for Venture Capitalists , Kimberly Ann Smith and Frederick Byrum , also consented to being enjoined from violations of registration provisions of the securities laws .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Holmes was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Two of Holmes 's business associates consented to being enjoined from violations of registration provisions of the securities laws .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .', CO/LIST('Two of Holmes 's business associates worked for Venture Capitalists .','Two of Holmes 's business associates worked for Kimberly Ann Smith .','Two of Holmes 's business associates worked for Frederick Byrum .'))))

Input: Ms. Smith also agreed to a permanent injunction barring her from acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Ms. .', CO/LIST(', Smith also agreed to a permanent injunction .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from .',', Smith also was barring her .' ), ', Smith also was acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company .')))

Input: Mr. Byrum and Ms. Smith could n't be reached for comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Byrum was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Smith was Byrum and Ms. .',', Smith could n't be reached for comment .'))

Input: In consenting to the injunctions , none of the individuals or companies admitted or denied the allegations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('None of the individuals or companies were consenting to the injunctions .', CO/DISJUNCTION('None of the individuals or companies admitted .','None of the individuals or companies denied the allegations .'))

Input: At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .','A small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .','A small group of Senate Democrats may introduce it soon .'))

Input: Sen. Bob Packwood -LRB- R. , Ore. -RRB- , the lead sponsor of the GOP proposal , said he intends to unveil the plan today and to offer it as an amendment to whatever legislation comes along , particularly this month 's bill to raise the federal borrowing limit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bob Packwood was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('R. was Ore. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bob Packwood -LRB- R. -RRB- , the lead sponsor of the GOP proposal , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as an amendment to whatever legislation comes along , particularly this month 's bill to raise the federal borrowing limit .','He intends to unveil the plan today and to offer it .'))))

Input: For their part , the group of Democrats are working on a plan that , like the Packwood proposal , would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for their part .','The group of Democrats are working on a plan the longer they were held by individuals and companies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to assets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like the Packwood proposal .','A plan would grant larger exclusions .')))

Input: After then , the House measure would boost the tax rate to 28 % and exclude from tax the gain attributable to inflation .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 28 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is after then .','The House measure would boost the tax rate .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is after then .','The House measure would exclude from tax the gain attributable to inflation .')))

Input: But this quake was n't the big one , the replay of 1906 that has been feared for so many years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The big one was the replay of 1906 .','The replay of 1906 has been feared for so many years .' ), 'But this quake was n't the big one .')

Input: Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , and damage estimated in the billions , most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives .','Damage estimated in the billions .' )CO/LIST('Most businesses were n't greatly affected .','Their plants and offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected .'))

Input: A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley and more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco and Oakland .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', San Francisco was miles from downtown .', CO/LIST('A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley .','A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from more than 50 San Francisco and Oakland .'))

Input: The tremendous energy of the quake was dissipated by the distance , so that most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and cornices , buckled asphalt or sidewalks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The tremendous energy of the quake was dissipated by the distance .', CO/DISJUNCTION('That most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and cornices .','That most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and buckled asphalt .','That most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and sidewalks .'))

Input: Like other major American cities , the San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors .', CO/LIST('This is to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables .','This is linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is like other major American cities .','The San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more .')))

Input: The battery packs have enough power for only three hours , but that gave emergency crews time to turn on an emergency system that runs primarily on diesel fuel .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The battery packs have enough power for only three hours .', SUB/PURPOSE('That gave emergency crews time .','This was to turn on an emergency system that runs primarily on diesel fuel .'))

Input: Nevertheless , phone service was sporadic ; many computer terminals remained dark , and by late yesterday a third of San Francisco remained without power .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was nevertheless .','Phone service was sporadic .' )CO/LIST('Many computer terminals remained dark .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by late yesterday .','A third of San Francisco remained without power .')))

Input: The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state and accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto .', CO/LIST('The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state .','The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services .'))

Input: A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system -LRB- BART -RRB- -- which was working but was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off and the area was being checked for gas leaks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is far more than the 100,000 .','A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The 100,000 use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system -LRB- BART -RRB- -- .','The Bay Area Rapid Transit system -LRB- BART -RRB- -- was working .' ), 'A quarter of a million people was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off and the area was being checked for gas leaks .'))

Input: California state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say they nevertheless do n't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the Bay area .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what California state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in and out of the Bay area .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for commerce .','They nevertheless do n't expect serious problems .')))

Input: The earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack , making them impassible .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('The earthquake caused many streets .','This was to buckle and crack .' ), 'The earthquake was making them impassible .')

Input: Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper , few reported any damage that they did n't expect to have remedied within a day or two .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what few reported any damage of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They did n't expect to have remedied within a day .','They did n't expect to have remedied within two .'))

Input: Metal racks on the plant floor fell over , and water mains ruptured , a spokeswoman says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Metal racks on the plant floor fell over .','Water mains ruptured .' ), 'This is what a spokeswoman says .')

Input: But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas and Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday , and absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force , about twice normal .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas and Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday .', SUB/ELABORATION('The work force was about twice normal .','But absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force .'))

Input: Other buildings had broken glass , dangling light fixtures and broken pipes , a spokesperson says , estimating the cost of reconstruction in the millions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Other buildings had broken glass .','Other buildings had broken dangling light fixtures .','Other buildings had broken broken pipes .' ), 'This is what a spokesperson says , estimating the cost of reconstruction in the millions .')

Input: Most banks were closed but were expected to reopen today with few problems anticipated .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Most banks were closed .', SUB/ELABORATION('Most banks were expected to reopen today with few problems .','Few problems were anticipated .'))

Input: When the quake hit , we turned on our emergency generator and brought our computers up , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The quake hit .', CO/LIST('We turned on our emergency generator .','We brought our computers up .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: The volume resulted in dial-tone delays that were as short as 15 seconds and as long as five minutes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The volume resulted in dial-tone delays .', CO/LIST('Dial-tone delays were as short as 15 seconds .','Dial-tone delays were as short as as long as five minutes .'))

Input: American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , MCI Communications Inc. and United Telecommunications ' U S Sprint unit were blocking phone calls into the Bay area to alleviate congestion .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL('This was into the Bay area .', CO/LIST('American Telephone & Telegraph Co. were blocking phone calls .','MCI Communications Inc. were blocking phone calls .','United Telecommunications ' U S Sprint unit were blocking phone calls .' ), 'This was to alleviate congestion .'))

Input: Ironically , the long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the Bay area 's economic fortunes and , indeed , the nation 's gross national product .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is indeed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is ironically .', CO/LIST('The long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the Bay area 's economic fortunes .','The long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the nation 's gross national product .')))

Input: There will be a big influx of federal dollars and gains in state , federal and local employment , Ms. Mace says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mace is Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('There will be a big influx of federal dollars and gains in state , federal and local employment .','This is what Mace says .'))

Input: Adds Stacy Kotman , an economist at Georgia State University , There 's nothing positive about an earthquake , but it will probably generate more construction activity .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', Stacy Kotman is an economist at Georgia State University .','Adds Stacy Kotman , There 's nothing positive about an earthquake .' ), 'It will probably generate more construction activity .')

Input: Wall Street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster by bidding up stocks of construction and related companies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .','Wall Street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster .' ), 'Wall Street was bidding up stocks of construction and related companies .')

Input: There will be a lot of repair work that wo n't require the quantities of cement or concrete that new constructon would .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There will be a lot of repair work .', SUB/ELABORATION('A lot of repair work wo n't require the quantities of cement or concrete .','New constructon would .'))

Input: The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term and then could raise it a bit as rebuilding begins .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term .', SUB/ELABORATION('The earthquake then could raise it a bit as .','The earthquake then is rebuilding begins .'))

Input: The first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','The first effects are negative .' ), 'Work is disrupted .' ), 'People lose income and cut spending .')

Input: It 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , says Andrew Goldberg , who studies the public-policy and crisis-management aspects of earthquakes at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington , D.C .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Goldberg says the cost of the earthquake will definitely top $ 1 billion and could reach $ 4 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Goldberg is Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Goldberg says .','The cost of the earthquake will definitely top $ 1 billion .' ), 'Goldberg could reach $ 4 billion .'))

Input: Experts caution that it is far too soon for reliable estimates of the quake 's total damage , but it 's clear that insurers are likely to pay out enormous sums .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Experts caution .','It is far too soon for reliable estimates of the quake 's total damage .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It 's clear .','Insurers are likely to pay out enormous sums .'))

Input: Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Byrne is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Byrne says .','Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines .','The company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million .')))

Input: Fireman 's Fund had claims adjusters on the streets of San Francisco right after sunrise yesterday and was paying as many claims as it could right on the spot .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after sunrise .','Fireman 's Fund had claims adjusters on the streets of San Francisco right yesterday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Fireman 's Fund was paying as many claims .','It could right on the spot .'))

Input: In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was due to businesses .','Businesses were being shut down by lack of power or phone service .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage .', CO/LIST('The insurer must cover worker-compensation claims .','The insurer must cover also losses .')))

Input: But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A somewhat higher percentage of people living in the Bay area have bought the additional insurance protection , but the great majority are n't covered .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('A somewhat higher percentage of people have bought the additional insurance protection .','People were living in the Bay area .' ), 'The great majority are n't covered .')

Input: Atop them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble to safety the day before .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Atop them sit .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble .','This was to safety the day before .'))

Input: As onlookers stand behind barricades , helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were twisted from their foundations and seem on the verge of collapse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Onlookers stand behind barricades .', SUB/ELABORATION('Helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings .', CO/LIST('Rows of nearby buildings were twisted from their foundations .','Rows of nearby buildings seem on the verge of collapse .')))

Input: We always heard about the earthquake , but as children we did n't always listen .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('We always heard about the earthquake .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as children .','We did n't always listen .'))

Input: Refcorp , created by the thrift-overhaul law enacted in August , will use the proceeds to merge or sell off ailing savings-and-loan institutions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Refcorp will use the proceeds to merge or sell off ailing savings-and-loan institutions .', SUB/ELABORATION('Refcorp is created by the thrift-overhaul law .','The thrift-overhaul law was enacted in August .'))

Input: At the state and local level , the bonds are subject to surtaxes and estate , inheritance and gift taxes , but exempt from taxation as to principal and interest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the state and local level .', CO/LIST('The bonds are subject to surtaxes , but exempt from taxation as to principal and interest .','The bonds are subject to estate , inheritance and gift taxes , but exempt from taxation as to principal and interest .'))

Input: They are designed to be given to patients by their doctors when the medicines are prescribed and include space for the doctor to write special instructions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by their doctors .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the doctor to write special instructions .','They are designed to be given to patients when the medicines are prescribed and include space .'))

Input: According to federal officials and drug-industry studies , nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to federal officials and drug-industry studies .','Nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication .' ), 'The 1.6 billion prescriptions were filled each year .')

Input: Bond prices rambled yesterday as investors kept close watch on the stock market and worried about a wave of new supply .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bond prices rambled yesterday .', CO/LIST('Investors kept close watch on the stock market .','Investors worried about a wave of new supply .'))

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which jumped 3\/8 point , or about $ 3.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount , during the first hour of trading , ended little changed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended little changed .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the first hour of trading .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond jumped 3\/8 point .','The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond jumped about $ 3.75 .'))))

Input: Most junk bonds , which have been battered in recent weeks , continued a slow recuperation and ended unchanged to slightly higher .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Most junk bonds continued a slow recuperation .','Most junk bonds ended unchanged to slightly higher .' ), 'Most junk bonds have been battered in recent weeks .')

Input: But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues .','This was to raise cash .'))

Input: In the multipart offering , the company sold a portion of secured notes but shelved all the unsecured notes .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the multipart offering .','The company sold a portion of secured notes .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the multipart offering .','The company shelved all the unsecured notes .'))

Input: We 're being bombarded by new Treasury and agency debt offerings , said William Sullivan Jr. , director of money-market research at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A report issued late yesterday by Standard & Poor 's Corp. concluded the quake wo n't cause wide-scale credit deterioration for issuers and debt issues in the 12-county area of Northern California affected by the quake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A report issued late yesterday by Standard & Poor 's Corp. concluded .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 12-county area of Northern California .', SUB/ELABORATION(', California was Northern .',', California was affected by the quake .' ), 'The quake wo n't cause wide-scale credit deterioration for issuers and debt issues .')))

Input: Meanwhile , some California issues were down a touch more than the broad market , but traders said there had n't been much investor selling because of the quake .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .',', Some California issues were down a touch more than the broad market .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .','There had n't been much investor selling because of the quake .'))

Input: Traders said investors were reacting to recent negative news on the city 's finances and are nervous ahead of the Nov. 7 election .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .','Investors were reacting to recent negative news on the city 's finances .' ), 'Traders are nervous ahead of the Nov. 7 election .')

Input: Dealers said there was some concern that insurance companies might be forced to sell mortgage securities to help pay earthquake-related claims , but no selling materialized .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .', SUB/ELABORATION('There was some concern .','Insurance companies might be forced to sell mortgage securities to help pay earthquake-related claims .' ), 'No selling materialized .'))

Input: But their potential quake exposure is seen as small given that they require a financial cushion on all the loans they purchase .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But their potential quake exposure is seen as small .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Small was given .','They require a financial cushion on all the loans .' ), 'They purchase all the loans .'))

Input: British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('British government bonds ended moderately lower .','Gilts , ended moderately lower .' ), 'Equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop .')

Input: Several key economic figures are due out and Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson is scheduled to give the annual Mansion House address to the financial community .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Several key economic figures are due out .', SUB/ELABORATION('Nigel Lawson was Chancellor of the Exchequer .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the financial community .','Nigel Lawson is scheduled to give the annual Mansion House address .')))

Input: But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It was a move .','A move stunned the East bloc .' ), 'But , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon .')

Input: For the Politburo replaced Mr. Honecker , who had led East Germany for 18 years and before that headed its security apparatus , with a man cut of the same cloth : Egon Krenz , the most recent internal-security chief and a longtime Honecker protege .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , any change in East Germany has enormous implications , for both East and West .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for both East and West .','Any change in East Germany has enormous implications .'))

Input: -LRB- Mr. Honecker was twice hospitalized this summer for a gall bladder ailment and his physical condition has been the subject of intense speculation in the Western media . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Honecker was Mr. .','-LRB- Honecker was twice hospitalized this summer for a gall bladder ailment . -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Western media .','-LRB- his physical condition has been the subject of intense speculation -RRB- .'))

Input: But U.S. officials have strong doubts that he is a reformer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: According to West German government sources , Mr. Honecker and several senior Politburo members fought over the last week to delay any decisions about a leadership change .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Honecker was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to West German government sources .','Honecker and several senior Politburo members fought over the last week .' ), 'This was to delay any decisions about a leadership change .'))

Input: Those allies included Politburo members Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann , chief of information policy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guenter Mittag was Politburo members .', SUB/ELABORATION('Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann were chief .','Those allies included Guenter Mittag , who has long headed economic affairs , and Joachim Hermann of information policy .'))

Input: As part of his image polishing , Mr. Krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence among the people and reassert the party 's authority .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the people .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of his image polishing .','Krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence and reassert the party 's authority .')))

Input: But will it be enough ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the same time , the expectations of the East German people are great and will continue to grow .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .','The expectations of the East German people are great .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .','The expectations of the East German people will continue to grow .'))

Input: Not just that people are being heard but that their interests are being taken seriously .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Not just that people are being heard .', SUB/ELABORATION('Not just that people are .','Their interests are being taken seriously .'))

Input: Reports in the West German press , citing sources in East Germany , suggest Mr. Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Mr. Honecker and a genuine reform leader .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is in East Germany .','Reports in the West German press , citing sources , suggest .' )CO/LIST('Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Honecker .','Krenz may serve only as a bridge between a genuine reform leader .')))

Input: From the perspective of East Germany 's old guard , reforms that smack of capitalism and Western-style democracy could eliminate their country 's reason for being .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the perspective of East Germany 's old guard .','Reforms could eliminate their country 's reason for being .' )CO/LIST('Reforms smack of capitalism .','Reforms smack of Western-style democracy .'))

Input: Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Erasing the differences wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary .', CO/LIST('The differences are dividing Europe .','The differences are dividing the vast international reordering .' ), 'The vast international reordering implies .'))

Input: But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the map .', CO/LIST('But it could ultimately lead to German reunification .','But it could ultimately lead to the disappearance of East Germany .'))

Input: The East German media soon began presenting Mr. Gorbachev 's speeches only as sketchy summaries , and giving space to his opponents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to his opponents .','The East German media soon began presenting Gorbachev 's speeches only as sketchy summaries , and giving space .'))

Input: The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to socialist unity .','The country abandoned its former devotion .' ), 'The country took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road .')

Input: Mr. Honecker spoke of generally valid objective laws of socialism and left no room for debate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Honecker was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Honecker spoke of generally valid objective laws of socialism .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for debate .','Honecker left no room .')))

Input: With this year 's dislocations in China and the Soviet Union , and the drive to democracy in Poland and Hungary , the East German leadership grew still more defensive .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was with this year 's dislocations in China and the Soviet Union .','This was with the drive to democracy in Poland and Hungary .' ), 'The East German leadership grew still more defensive .')

Input: Some loyal voices , in and out of the East German Communist party , saw the nation 's unrest coming .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in and out of the East German Communist party .',', Some loyal voices saw the nation 's unrest .' ), 'The nation 's unrest was coming .')

Input: But they are stalwart socialists .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He was a socialist warrior who felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He was a socialist warrior .', SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('A socialist warrior felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity .','A socialist warrior felt rankled by the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal .' ), 'This was to recognize the legitimacy of his state .'))

Input: Finally , during his first and only state visit to Bonn two years ago , he won some measure of the recognition he had long sought .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was finally .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was during his first and only state visit to Bonn .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was two years ago .','He won some measure of the recognition .' ), 'He had long sought the recognition .')))

Input: But ultimately he was undone by forces unleashed by his own comrade , Mr. Gorbachev .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was his own comrade .', SUB/ELABORATION('But ultimately he was undone by forces .','Forces were unleashed by his own comrade .')))

Input: Slower growth countries included Greece , at 2.5 % , the U.K. , at 2.25 % , and Denmark , at 1.75 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 2.25 % .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This was at 2.5 % .','This was at the U.K. .','This was at Denmark .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 1.75 % .',', Slower growth countries included Greece .')))

Input: Inflation is expected to be highest in Greece , where it is projected at 14.25 % , and Portugal , at 13 % .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Inflation is expected to be highest in Greece .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 13 % .', CO/LIST('It is projected at 14.25 % .','It is projected at Portugal .')))

Input: At the other end of the spectrum , West German inflation was forecast at 3 % in 1989 and 2.75 % in 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the other end of the spectrum .', CO/LIST('West German inflation was forecast at 3 % in 1989 .','West German inflation was forecast at 2.75 % in 1990 .'))

Input: The agency did n't mention possible quantities and did n't say how the gas would be delivered .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The agency did n't mention possible quantities .', SUB/ELABORATION('The agency did n't say .','The gas would be delivered .'))

Input: But Beijing wants to use the base for the People 's Liberation Army after 1997 , when the territory returns to Chinese sovereignty .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is after 1997 .','But Beijing wants to use the base for the People 's Liberation Army .' ), 'The territory returns to Chinese sovereignty .')

Input: Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , This is something we can not accept .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ke Zaishuo is head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong .', SUB/ELABORATION('Ke Zaishuo accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , This is something .','We can not accept something .'))

Input: El Al director Rafi Har-Lev and top officials of the Soviet Union 's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact in Moscow this week , the spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rafi Har-Lev was El Al director .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Moscow .', CO/LIST('Rafi Har-Lev negotiated a preliminary pact this week .','Top officials of the Soviet Union 's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact this week .' ), 'This was what the spokesman said .')))

Input: Kwek Hong Png , chairman of CDL , and director Quek Leng Chye were arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau Tuesday night .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Quek Leng Chye was director .', SUB/ELABORATION('Kwek Hong Png was chairman of CDL .', CO/LIST('Kwek Hong Png were arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau Tuesday night .','Quek Leng Chye were arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau Tuesday night .')))

Input: The charges are the culmination of weeks of rumors concerning CDL that have depressed the company 's share price and to a lesser extent the shares of all companies owned by CDL 's controlling Quek family , brokers in Singapore say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The charges are the culmination of weeks of rumors concerning CDL .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a lesser extent the shares of all companies .',', CDL have depressed the company 's share price and .' ), 'All companies were owned by CDL 's controlling Quek family .' ), 'This is what brokers in Singapore say .'))

Input: The paper said the bricks were used to build homes and furnaces and , as a result , the wall is in terrible shape .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the paper said .', CO/LIST('The bricks were used to build homes and furnaces .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result .','The wall is in terrible shape .')))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: He earlier denied the allegations against him in the lawsuit by Norton and GE .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was against him .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the lawsuit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Norton and GE .','He earlier denied the allegations .')))

Input: As the citizens of San Francisco and surrounding communities began assessing the damage from Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , NBC News began assessing the damage from what some said was a failure to provide comprehensive coverage in the earthquake 's initial moments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Tuesday 's devastating earthquake .','The citizens of San Francisco and surrounding communities began assessing the damage .' ), 'NBC News began assessing the damage from what some said was a failure to provide comprehensive coverage in the earthquake 's initial moments .')

Input: There were no complaints from affiliates of CBS Inc. and Cable News Network , a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from affiliates of CBS Inc. .','This was from affiliates of Cable News Network .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc was no complaints .','There were no complaints .'))

Input: But that was not the case at NBC News , which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at NBC News .','But that was not the case .' ), 'NBC News has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories .')

Input: I was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was NBC News , said Guy Hempel , general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Ky .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The comment we 're hearing is that we were slow out of the box , but beat everyone else in the stretch .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The comment is .','We 're hearing The comment .' )CO/CONTRAST('We were slow out of the box .','We beat everyone else in the stretch .'))

Input: NBC broadcast throughout the entire night and did not go off the air until noon yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('NBC broadcast throughout the entire night .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was until noon .','NBC did not go off the air yesterday .'))

Input: In place of the games , ABC said it planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups , except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 p.m. last night .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what ABC said in place of the games .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 .','It planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups p.m. last night .'))

Input: Pinnacle West Capital Corp. said it suspended indefinitely its common stock dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Pinnacle West Capital Corp. said .', CO/LIST('It suspended indefinitely its common stock dividend .','It reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income .'))

Input: A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Edward J. Tirello Jr. , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward J. Tirello Jr. was an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Edward J. Tirello Jr. speculated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit .','The sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement .')))

Input: Analysts have estimated that Pinnacle West may have to inject between $ 300 million and $ 400 million into the MeraBank unit before turning the thrift over to federal regulators .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts have estimated .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into the MeraBank unit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is before turning the thrift over to federal regulators .','Pinnacle West may have to inject between $ 300 million and $ 400 million .')))

Input: The latest financial results at the troubled utility and thrift holding company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect continuing problems at MeraBank and losses in real-estate , venture-capital and uranium-mining operations .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is based in Phoenix , Ariz. .', CO/LIST('The latest financial results at the troubled utility and thrift holding company reflect continuing problems at MeraBank .','The latest financial results at the troubled utility and thrift holding company reflect losses in real-estate , venture-capital and uranium-mining operations .'))

Input: Third-quarter net income slid to $ 5.1 million , or six cents a share , from $ 56 million , or 65 cents , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 56 million .','This was from 65 cents .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter net income slid to $ 5.1 million .','Third-quarter net income slid to six cents a share .')))

Input: Under the proposal by Equitec , a financially troubled real-estate syndicator , New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Equitec is a financially troubled real-estate syndicator .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the proposal by Equitec .','New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager .'))

Input: Hallwood is a merchant bank whose activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of shopping centers , office buildings , apartments and other real estate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hallwood is a merchant bank .', CO/LIST('A merchant bank 's activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of shopping centers .','A merchant bank 's activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of office buildings .','A merchant bank 's activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of apartments .','A merchant bank 's activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of other real estate .'))

Input: In a statement , Equitec Chairman Richard L. Saalfeld said the transfer will benefit both the company and investors in the 12 limited partnerships included in the proposed rollup .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Richard L. Saalfeld was Equitec Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard L. Saalfeld said in a statement .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 12 limited partnerships .','The 12 limited partnerships were included in the proposed rollup .' ), 'The transfer will benefit both the company and investors .')))

Input: A spokesman for Hallwood said the 12 limited partnerships , which were marketed by brokerage firms and financial planners between 1979 and 1984 , raised several hundred million dollars from investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for Hallwood said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from investors .','The 12 limited partnerships raised several hundred million dollars .' )CO/LIST('The 12 limited partnerships were marketed by brokerage firms .','The 12 limited partnerships were marketed by financial planners between 1979 and 1984 .')))

Input: The would-be raider even hired an investment banker to give teeth to his takeover threat , which was widely interpreted as an effort to flush out an acquirer for USAir , or for his own stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('The would-be raider even hired an investment banker .','This was to give teeth to his takeover threat , or for his own stake .' )SUB/PURPOSE('His takeover threat was widely interpreted as an effort .','This was to flush out an acquirer for USAir .'))

Input: It does n't make sense to parachute out at this price , Mr. Steinhardt says , though he has stopped his takeover talk and now commends USAir managers ' operating skills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steinhardt was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Steinhardt says .','Though he has stopped his takeover talk and now commends USAir managers ' operating skills .'))

Input: In trying to raid USAir , Mr. Steinhardt abandoned his usual role as a passive investor , and ran into snags .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steinhardt was Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Steinhardt was trying to raid USAir .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a passive investor .',', Steinhardt abandoned his usual role .' ), ', Steinhardt ran into snags .')))

Input: Mr. Steinhardt , who runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners , made his name as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Steinhardt was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients .',', Steinhardt made his name .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Steinhardt is Mr. .',', Steinhardt runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners .')))

Input: Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .', CO/DISJUNCTION('USAir stock might lose .','The Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once .'))

Input: Since last April , the investor has made seven so-called 13D filings in USAir , as he bought and sold the company 's stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since last April .','The investor has made seven so-called 13D filings in USAir .' ), 'He bought and sold the company 's stock .')

Input: USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Buffett is USAir and Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Steinhardt is Mr. .','Buffett wo n't talk about Steinhardt at all .'))

Input: But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for several quarters .', CO/DISJUNCTION('But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines .','But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show lackluster profit as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines .' ), 'It acquired Piedmont Airlines .'))

Input: Moreover , some investors think a recession or renewed airfare wars will pummel airline stocks in coming months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some investors think .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in coming months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A recession will pummel airline stocks .','Renewed airfare wars will pummel airline stocks .')))

Input: While he has bought and sold some USAir shares in recent days , he says that contrary to rumors , he has n't tried to unload his holding .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent days .','He has bought and sold some USAir shares .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was contrary to rumors .','He has n't tried to unload his holding .')))

Input: In 1989 , Mr. Steinhardt says he made money trading in Texas Air , AMR and UAL .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steinhardt was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Steinhardt says in 1989 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Texas Air , AMR and UAL .','He made money trading .')))

Input: The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on July 11 , 1988 .','The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million .' ), 'This was what the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said .')

Input: Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Commodore said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time .','Final results are announced early next month .'))

Input: Still , even results approaching break-even would mark a sharp weakening compared with fiscal 1989 first-quarter earnings of $ 9.6 million , or 30 cents a share , on sales of $ 200.2 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 200.2 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with fiscal 1989 first-quarter earnings of $ 9.6 million .','This was compared with fiscal 1989 first-quarter earnings of 30 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .','Even results approaching break-even would mark a sharp weakening .')))

Input: Commodore has assembled an experienced management team , it has persuaded many more dealers to carry its products and it has unleashed a slick advertising campaign .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Commodore has assembled an experienced management team .', SUB/PURPOSE('It has persuaded many more dealers .','This was to carry its products .' ), 'It has unleashed a slick advertising campaign .')

Input: But those represent long-term strategies that probably wo n't succeed quickly , even if they turn out to be the right ones .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But those represent long-term strategies .', SUB/CONDITION('Long-term strategies probably wo n't succeed quickly .','They turn out to be the right ones .'))

Input: Commodore had been counting on its consumer business to stay sufficiently healthy to support its efforts in other areas -- mainly in getting schools and businesses to use its Amiga , which has slick graphics yet has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with Apple Computer Inc. or International Business Machines Corp. hardware .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE(', Commodore had been counting on its consumer business .','This was to stay sufficiently healthy to support its efforts in other areas -- mainly in getting schools and businesses to use its Amiga .' )CO/CONTRAST('Its Amiga has slick graphics .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Its Amiga has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with Apple Computer Inc. .','Its Amiga has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with International Business Machines Corp. hardware .')))

Input: Commodore has said it expects sales to rebound , but market researchers have said that sales of the low-end products may finally be trailing off .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Commodore has said .','It expects sales to rebound .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what market researchers have said .',', Sales of the low-end products may finally be trailing off .'))

Input: Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index rose 0.60 to 341.76 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index rose 0.71 to 320.54 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index gained 0.43 to 189.32 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 341.76 .',', Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index rose 0.60 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 320.54 .','The Dow Jones Equity Market Index rose 0.71 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 189.32 .','The New York Stock Exchange Composite Index gained 0.43 .'))

Input: The average dropped 6.40 to 1247.87 and has now lost 21.7 % of its value since the losing streak began Oct. 10 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1247.87 .','The average dropped 6.40 .' )SUB/CAUSE('The average has now lost 21.7 % of its value .','The losing streak began Oct. 10 .'))

Input: Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as major factors in the slowdown .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was due today .', CO/LIST('Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September .','Traders cited anticipation of tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options .')))

Input: In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was throughout the Bay area .', CO/LIST('The earthquake knocked out power lines .','The earthquake knocked out telephone service .')))

Input: Stocks retreated to session lows just after the opening amid worries about the market impact of the quake , but quickly snapped back to higher levels with the help of futures-related program buying .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was just after the opening .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid worries about the market impact of the quake .',', Stocks retreated to session lows .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the help of futures-related program buying .',', Stocks quickly snapped back to higher levels .')))

Input: The early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The early move essentially established the day 's trading range .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .', SUB/ELABORATION('They saw little of the program activity .','Little of the program activity has battered the market recently .')))

Input: But those issues recovered quickly and turned higher because of expectations that the quake and the recent Hurricane Hugo would set the stage for an increase in premium rates .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But those issues recovered quickly .', SUB/ELABORATION('But those issues turned higher because of expectations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for an increase in premium rates .', CO/LIST('The quake would set the stage .','The recent Hurricane Hugo would set the stage .'))))

Input: Companies in the construction , engineering and building-products sectors were among other beneficiaries of earthquake-related buying .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among Dow Jones industry groups .','The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer .' ), 'Fluor rose 3\/4 to 333\/8 .','Morrison Knudsen gained 21\/4 to 441\/8 .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wheeler was Foster .','Wheeler added 3\/8 to 181\/4 .' ), 'Ameron climbed 23\/8 to 393\/4 .')

Input: Within the building-materials group , Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3\/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the building-materials group .','Georgia-Pacific climbed 11\/4 to 58 .' )SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the building-materials group .','Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 403\/4 .' ), 'Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues .'))

Input: CalMat advanced 2 3\/4 to 28 3\/4 , Lone Star Industries gained 1 3\/4 to 29 1\/4 , Lafarge rose 1 to 19 1\/2 , Southdown added 5\/8 to 24 5\/8 and Eljer Industries rose 1 1\/4 to 24 7\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', CalMat advanced 23\/4 to 283\/4 .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Star Industries was Lone .',', Star Industries gained 13\/4 to 291\/4 .' ), 'Lafarge rose 1 to 191\/2 .',', Southdown added 5\/8 to 245\/8 .','Eljer Industries rose 11\/4 to 247\/8 .')

Input: The company , based in San Francisco , said it had to shut down a crude-oil pipeline in the Bay area to check for leaks but added that its refinery in nearby Richmond , Calif. , was undamaged .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company , based in San Francisco , said .', CO/CONTRAST('It had to shut down a crude-oil pipeline in the Bay area to check for leaks .', SUB/ELABORATION('It added .','Its refinery in nearby Richmond , Calif. , was undamaged .')))

Input: Other companies based in the area include Hewlett-Packard , which rose 1\/4 to 49 ; National Semiconductor , which went up 1\/4 to 7 5\/8 , and Genentech , which eased 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Other companies based in the area include Hewlett-Packard ; National Semiconductor .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('National Semiconductor went up 1\/4 to 75\/8 .','National Semiconductor went up Genentech .' ), 'Genentech eased 1\/4 to 195\/8 .' ), 'Hewlett-Packard rose 1\/4 to 49 .'))

Input: BankAmerica eased 1\/2 to 31 7\/8 and Wells Fargo lost 1\/2 to 81 1\/2 ; the two bank holding companies , based in San Francisco , were forced to curtail some operations due to the temblor .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('BankAmerica eased 1\/2 to 317\/8 .','Wells Fargo lost 1\/2 to 811\/2 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The two bank holding companies were forced to curtail some operations due to the temblor .','The two bank holding companies were based in San Francisco .'))

Input: The stock had been on the decline since the financing for the UAL buy-out fell through on Friday and developer Donald Trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 120 a share for AMR .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Donald Trump was Friday .','Donald Trump was developer .' )SUB/CAUSE('The stock had been on the decline .','The financing for the UAL buy-out fell through on Donald Trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 120 a share for AMR .'))

Input: PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 1990 earnings estimate by 35 cents a share , to $ 5.10 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the stock .','PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by 35 cents a share .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 5.10 .','PaineWebber raised its 1990 earnings estimate .')))

Input: Analysts at several brokerage firms lowered their 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates on the company after its third-quarter results proved disappointing .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the company .','Analysts at several brokerage firms lowered their 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates .' ), 'Its third-quarter results proved disappointing .')

Input: Philip Morris Cos. posted a 20 % jump in third-quarter profit on a 45 % revenue increase , reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a 45 % revenue increase .','Philip Morris Cos. posted a 20 % jump in third-quarter profit .' ), 'Philip Morris Cos. was reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses .')

Input: Net income rose to $ 748 million , or 81 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 621 million , or 67 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from the year-earlier $ 621 million .','This was from 67 cents a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net income rose to $ 748 million .','Net income rose to 81 cents a share .'))

Input: The New York-based tobacco , food and beer concern said revenue increased to $ 11.25 billion from $ 7.74 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the New York-based tobacco , food and beer concern said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 7.74 billion .','Revenue increased to $ 11.25 billion .'))

Input: Philip Morris disclosed little detailed information about performance by major business lines except to say that most , including Philip Morris U.S.A. , Kraft General Foods and Miller Brewing Co. , posted increased revenues .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about performance .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by major business lines .','Philip Morris disclosed little detailed information .' ), 'This was to say that most , including Philip Morris U.S.A. , Kraft General Foods and Miller Brewing Co. , posted increased revenues .'))

Input: Tartan currently produces gold at a cash operating cost of $ 393 an ounce , which is high by industry standards and $ 25 or so above the current spot price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a cash operating cost of $ 393 an ounce .','Tartan currently produces gold .' ), '$ 393 an ounce is high by industry standards and $ 25 or so above the current spot price .')

Input: Granges said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 2.12 million -RRB- , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what granges said .', SUB/PURPOSE('It also plans in the third quarter .','This is to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 2.12 million -RRB- , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia .'))

Input: Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Granges did n't say .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The moves would have on total gold output .','The moves would have on earnings .' ), ', Company officials were n't available .'))

Input: Computer Associates has carved out a huge business selling such software for use in managing networks of International Business Machines Corp. computers but needs to find new markets if it is to maintain its growth rate of 30 % and more each year .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(', Computer Associates has carved out a huge business .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in managing networks of International Business Machines Corp. computers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for use .',', Computer Associates were selling such software .' ), ', Computer Associates needs to find new markets if it is to maintain its growth rate of 30 % and more each year .')))

Input: The company reiterated that it expects another loss in the second quarter and for the full year , although it expects a profitable fourth quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company reiterated .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it expects another loss in the second quarter and for the full year .','Although it expects a profitable fourth quarter .'))

Input: A year ago , Wang had earnings of $ 13.1 million , or eight cents a share , in its first quarter , including a $ 3.1 million loss from discontinued operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its first quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including a $ 3.1 million loss from discontinued operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Wang had earnings of $ 13.1 million .','Wang had earnings of eight cents a share .'))))

Input: The buyer then picks a price and buys shares at that price from holders who offered to sell at that price or lower .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The buyer then picks a price .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at that price from holders .','The buyer then buys shares .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Holders offered to sell at that price .','Holders offered to sell at lower .')))

Input: Dayton Hudson said it accepted all odd-lot shares tendered at or below the final $ 62.875 price ; the preliminary proration factor for other shares tendered at or below the final price is 98 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dayton Hudson said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It accepted all odd-lot shares .','All odd-lot shares were tendered at or below the final $ 62.875 price .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The preliminary proration factor for other shares is 98 % .','Other shares are tendered at or below the final price .')))

Input: The $ 55 million gain on the sale was offset by lower interest income , poorer results from foreign-exchange trading and a $ 9 million loss on the sale of a unit , Securities Settlement Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Securities Settlement Corp was a unit .', CO/LIST('The $ 55 million gain on the sale was offset by lower interest income .','The $ 55 million gain on the sale was offset by poorer results from foreign-exchange trading .','The $ 55 million gain on the sale was offset by a $ 9 million loss on the sale of a unit .'))

Input: Chicago-based Continental earned $ 65.2 million , or $ 1.04 a share , compared with $ 73.6 million , or $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 73.6 million a year earlier .','This was compared with $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION(', Chicago-based Continental earned $ 65.2 million .',', Chicago-based Continental earned $ 1.04 a share .'))

Input: The bank , which has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and medium-term loans to less-developed nations , said it does n't think additional reserves are required .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the bank said .', SUB/ELABORATION('It does n't think .','Additional reserves are required .' ), 'The bank has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and medium-term loans to less-developed nations .'))

Input: Enron Corp. said a subsidiary and two United Kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Enron Corp. said .', CO/LIST('A subsidiary are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program .','Two United Kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program .'))

Input: Viacom Inc. , New York , reported that its third-quarter loss widened to $ 21.7 million , or 41 cents a share , primarily because of interest expense of $ 70.1 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Viacom Inc. was New York .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Viacom Inc. reported .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was primarily because of interest expense of $ 70.1 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Its third-quarter loss widened to $ 21.7 million .','Its third-quarter loss widened to 41 cents a share .'))))

Input: A year ago , Viacom had a net loss of $ 56.9 million , or $ 1.07 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Viacom had a net loss of $ 56.9 million .','Viacom had a net loss of $ 1.07 a share .'))

Input: The communications and entertainment company said revenue rose to $ 345.5 million , from $ 311.6 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the communications and entertainment company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 311.6 million .','Revenue rose to $ 345.5 million .'))

Input: Viacom attributed the improvement to higher earnings from operations in its networks segment , which includes the MTV and Showtime networks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to higher earnings .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from operations .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its networks segment .','Viacom attributed the improvement .' ), 'Its networks segment includes the MTV and Showtime networks .')))

Input: Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained substantial operating and financial flexibility through the bank pact .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sumner M. Redstone was Viacom 's chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sumner M. Redstone said .', CO/LIST('Viacom emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was through the bank pact .','Viacom gained substantial operating and financial flexibility .'))))

Input: Trinova said it will close , move or overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities and over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Trinova said .', CO/LIST('It will close , move or overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees .','It will over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs .')))

Input: Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations .', CO/LIST('Trinova 's Aeroquip operations manufacture automotive plastics .','Trinova 's Aeroquip operations manufacture hoses .','Trinova 's Aeroquip operations manufacture other industrial and automotive parts .'))

Input: Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a separate announcement , Trinova said the Aeroquip group has agreed to sell its spring-brake , piston-brake and related businesses to Midland Brake Inc. of Branford , Conn .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Trinova said in a separate announcement .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Midland Brake Inc. of Branford , Conn .','The Aeroquip group has agreed to sell its spring-brake , piston-brake and related businesses .'))

Input: To provide for the restructuring 's costs , Trinova said it took an after-tax charge of $ 38.5 million , or $ 1.13 a share , in the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to provide for the restructuring 's costs .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Trinova said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It took an after-tax charge of $ 38.5 million .','It took an after-tax charge of $ 1.13 a share .'))))

Input: A group of investors , including Giancarlo Parretti 's Pathe Communications Corp. and Sasea Holding S.A. , have agreed to buy 76.66 % of Odeon Finanziaria , a financially troubled Italian TV station .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Odeon Finanziaria was a financially troubled Italian TV station .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including Giancarlo Parretti 's Pathe Communications Corp. .','This was including Sasea Holding S.A. .' ), 'A group of investors have agreed to buy 76.66 % of Odeon Finanziaria .'))

Input: He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon , Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % and the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bruno Lucisano is Rome film producer .','Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The remaining 16.66 % will eventually be sold to other investors .','The remaining 16.66 % was currently owned by Sasea .'))

Input: They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , said James Ball , a station supervisor at Daly City Police Department .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Radio stations provided an emergency number for people who smelled gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for people .','Radio stations provided an emergency number .' )CO/CONTRAST('People smelled gas .', SUB/PURPOSE('People did n't know .','This was to turn off their gas supply .')))

Input: The Examiner and the San Francisco Chronicle were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake , which occurred close to deadline for many newspapers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Examiner were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake .','The San Francisco Chronicle were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake .' ), 'Tuesday 's quake occurred close to deadline for many newspapers .')

Input: Sterling Software Inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moffett Field was Calif .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sterling Software Inc. said .','It lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field .'))

Input: Sterling said it had requested a briefing by NASA but had not decided whether to protest the agency 's latest decision .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sterling said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by NASA .','It had requested a briefing .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Sterling had not decided .','This was to protest the agency 's latest decision .')))

Input: In the year-earlier quarter , the freight railroad earned $ 83 million , or $ 1.21 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The freight railroad earned $ 83 million .','The freight railroad earned $ 1.21 a share .'))

Input: James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that earnings advanced in the face of a drop in business , brought on by the general economic slowdown .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive officer brought on by the general economic slowdown .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive officer were noted .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in business .','Earnings advanced in the face of a drop .')))

Input: Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 13 % to $ 46.1 million from $ 53.1 million in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 46.1 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 53.1 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period .','Third-quarter earnings fell 13 % .'))))

Input: We did see some relief in raw material costs , but it was n't sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices , James R. Kuse , the company 's chairman and chief executive officer said in a statement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James R. Kuse was the company 's chairman and chief executive officer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('We did see some relief in raw material costs .','It was n't sufficient to offset the drop in sales prices .' ), 'This was what James R. Kuse said in a statement .'))

Input: This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors , firefighters and other earthquake-trained personnel to aid San Francisco .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors .','This temblor-prone city dispatched firefighters .','This temblor-prone city dispatched other earthquake-trained personnel .' ), 'This was to aid San Francisco .')

Input: But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work and those that do n't .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work .','But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans those .' ), 'Those do n't .')

Input: And the county of Los Angeles placed its firefighters and sheriffs on alert , ready to send in reinforcements , and alerted San Francisco that the city has 1,000 hospital beds at its disposal .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was ready to send in reinforcements .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was on alert .','This alerted San Francisco .' ), 'The city has 1,000 hospital beds at its disposal .' ), 'And the county of Los Angeles placed its firefighters and sheriffs .'))

Input: Two Los Angeles radio stations initiated Red Cross donation campaigns , and one Los Angeles bank manager forked over $ 150,000 of his own money for relief purposes , the Red Cross said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Two Los Angeles radio stations initiated Red Cross donation campaigns .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for relief purposes .','One Los Angeles bank manager forked over $ 150,000 of his own money .' ), 'This was what the Red Cross said .'))

Input: It is also pulling 20 people out of Puerto Rico , who were helping Huricane Hugo victims , and sending them to San Francisco instead .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It is also pulling 20 people out of Puerto Rico .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is to San Francisco .','It is also sending them instead .' ), 'Puerto Rico were helping Huricane Hugo victims .'))

Input: The ruling follows a host of problems at Tucson Electric , including major write-downs , a 60 % slash in the common stock dividend and the departure of former Chairman Einar Greve during a company investigation of his stock sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Einar Greve is the common stock dividend .','Einar Greve is the departure of former Chairman .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A 60 % slash in Einar Greve during a company investigation of his stock sales are major write-downs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is including major write-downs .','The ruling follows a host of problems at Tucson Electric .')))

Input: The company had sought increases totaling $ 80.3 million , or 22 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company had sought increases .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company was totaling $ 80.3 million .','The company was totaling 22 % .'))

Input: A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and concerned about the financial integrity of the company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Tucson Electric spokesman said .', CO/LIST('The utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision .','The utility was concerned about the financial integrity of the company .'))

Input: Mr. Roh said a U.S. demand for the removal of South Korean import quotas on beef will be resolved satisfactorily but gave no hint when that will happen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roh was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Roh said .','A U.S. demand for the removal of South Korean import quotas on beef will be resolved satisfactorily .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Roh gave no hint .','That will happen .')))

Input: Speaking to a joint meeting of Congress earlier , he said South Korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues without causing political and social trauma .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He was speaking to a joint meeting of Congress earlier .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is without .',', South Korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues .' ), ', South Korea is causing political and social trauma .')))

Input: But according to Great American , such profits do n't count toward meeting the San Diego savings bank 's new capitalization requirements under 1989 federal law .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in San Diego and its Tucson , Ariz. , savings bank into a single , federally chartered institution in San Diego .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was federally chartered .','This was into a single institution in San Diego .' )CO/LIST('The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in San Diego .','The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in its Tucson , Ariz. , savings bank .'))

Input: Dale Lang , who this week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Ms. and Sassy , is candid about the challenge he is taking on .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Dale Lang is candid about the challenge .','He is taking on the challenge .' )CO/LIST('This week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Ms. .','This week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Sassy Dale Lang .'))

Input: Mr. Lang admits that Ms. is in dire straits and that Sassy needs big promotional dollars to keep it alive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Lang admits .','That Ms. is in dire straits and that Sassy needs big promotional dollars to keep it alive .'))

Input: Mr. Lang will do away with expensive circulation drives , not to mention sales staff , and attempt to publish the 17-year-old magazine supported by circulation revenue alone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Lang will do away with expensive circulation drives , not to mention sales staff .','Lang will attempt to publish the 17-year-old magazine supported by circulation revenue alone .'))

Input: Though Sassy has grown quickly since its debut in March 1988 , it has been the target of conservative lobbyists and skittish advertisers who bristled at its frank editorial matter on teen-age problems .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Sassy has grown quickly since its debut in March 1988 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('It has been the target of conservative lobbyists .','It has been the target of skittish advertisers .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on teen-age problems .',', Skittish advertisers bristled at its frank editorial matter .')))

Input: Their reaction was to do nothing and ride it out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sassy already has recovered .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Circulation has quickly passed .','The 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 .'))

Input: It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a month .','It gets more mail .' ), 'McCall 's got in a year .' ), 'It 's not from mothers .')

Input: Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by his newly formed Lang Communications .','Lang took on Ms. and Sassy .')))

Input: Two weeks ago , Citicorp and Mr. Lang pumped $ 800,000 into Matilda just to keep the doors open .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was Citicorp and Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into Matilda .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was two weeks ago .','Lang pumped $ 800,000 just .' ), 'This was to keep the doors open .')))

Input: Industry observers have congratulated Mr. Lang on what some call his courageous handling of Ms. , but his track record in magazine publishing in general has gotten mixed reviews .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was Mr. .','Industry observers have congratulated Lang on what some call his courageous handling of Ms. .' ), 'His track record in magazine publishing in general has gotten mixed reviews .')

Input: Besides Ms. and Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and Working Woman and Working Mother , two monthly magazines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Working Mother is two monthly magazines .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is besides Ms. and Sassy .', CO/LIST(', Closely held Lang Communications includes Success .',', Closely held Lang Communications includes a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses .',', Closely held Lang Communications includes Working Woman and Working Mother .')))

Input: Working Woman , with circulation near one million , and Working Mother , with 625,000 circulation , are legitimate magazine success stories .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with 625,000 circulation .', CO/LIST('This is with circulation near one million .','This is with circulation near Working Mother .' ), 'Working Woman are legitimate magazine success stories .'))

Input: Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as part of Working Woman\/McCall 's Group , a less-than-successful joint venture between Mr. Lang and Time Warner Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was a less-than-successful joint venture between Mr. .', CO/LIST('Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as part of Working Woman\/McCall 's Group .','Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as Lang .','Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as Time Warner Inc .'))

Input: Mr. Lang surprised Time soon after joining forces when he said he would negotiate rates individually with advertisers , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was Mr. .', SUB/TEMPORAL('Lang surprised Time soon after , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers .', SUB/ELABORATION('Lang was joining forces , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','He would negotiate rates individually with advertisers .'))))

Input: Until a recent comeback , it saw steep losses in ad pages and circulation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in ad pages .','This was in circulation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was until a recent comeback .','It saw steep losses .'))

Input: Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , Frankly in the end .', CO/LIST('McCall 's were an embarrassment .','The joint venture were an embarrassment .')))

Input: Their management changed right after -LCB- the venture was formed -RCB- , and I do n't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Their management changed right after -LCB- the venture was formed -RCB- .', SUB/ELABORATION('I do n't think .','They were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines .'))

Input: She will oversee Working Woman , Working Mother and Success magazines , and retain her post as publisher of Working Woman .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', She will oversee Working Woman .',', She will oversee Working Mother .',', She will oversee Success magazines .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as publisher of Working Woman .',', She will retain her post .'))

Input: The sale price of McCall 's -- twice what Mr. Lang originally paid for it -- will finance Lang Communications ' buy-back of Time Warner 's 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lang is Mr. .', CO/LIST('The sale price of McCall 's -- twice what Lang originally paid for it -- will finance Lang Communications ' buy-back of Time Warner 's 50 % interest in Working Woman .','The sale price of McCall 's -- twice what Lang originally paid for it -- will finance Lang Communications ' buy-back of Time Warner 's 50 % interest in Working Mother .'))

Input: Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission Wednesday cleared Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's purchase of a specialty bulk-chemical unit from Monsanto Co. , saying the purchase was unlikely to have any lasting impact on U.K. industrial consumers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Monsanto Co. .','Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission Wednesday cleared Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's purchase of a specialty bulk-chemical unit .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission were saying .','The purchase was unlikely to have any lasting impact on U.K. industrial consumers .'))

Input: The French chemical giant would hold an 80 % share of the U.K. market for salicylic acid , methyl salicylate and bulk aspirin .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for salicylic acid .','This is for methyl salicylate .','This is for bulk aspirin .' ), 'The French chemical giant would hold an 80 % share of the U.K. market .')

Input: Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million , or 69 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/DISJUNCTION('Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million .','Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of 69 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from steep year-ago losses .','Morrison Knudsen Corp. was continuing a rebound .'))

Input: In the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million , or $ 4.68 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('A year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million .','A year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 4.68 a share .'))

Input: Morrison said the engineering and construction segment performed well , with the mining and MK-Ferguson operations making important contributions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Morrison said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the mining and MK-Ferguson operations making important contributions .','The engineering and construction segment performed well .'))

Input: Boise , Idaho-based Morrison had losses totaling $ 186 million over the two years ended in December , but it has surged back to profitability as a result of cost-cutting and shedding of unprofitable operations .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Boise , Idaho-based Morrison had losses .', SUB/ELABORATION('Losses were totaling $ 186 million over the two years .','The two years were ended in December .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of cost-cutting and shedding of unprofitable operations .','It has surged back to profitability .')))

Input: In the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 21.5 million , or $ 1.88 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million , or $ 8.96 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million .','This was compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 8.96 a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company 's net income was $ 21.5 million .','The company 's net income was $ 1.88 a share .')))

Input: The House Ethics Committee officially cited Rep. Jim Bates -LRB- D. , Calif . -RRB- for sexually harassing two female employees , but did n't recommend formal disciplinary action .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jim Bates was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was Calif .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for sexually harassing two female employees .','The House Ethics Committee officially cited Jim Bates -LRB- D. -RRB- .' ), 'The House Ethics Committee did n't recommend formal disciplinary action .')))

Input: Rep. Bates said he accepted the finding , but one of the victims , Dorena Bertussi , denounced the ethics panel 's action as absurd .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bates was Rep. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bates said .','He accepted the finding .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Dorena Bertussi was the victims .','One of the victims denounced the ethics panel 's action as absurd .')))

Input: It ordered Rep. Bates to write letters of apology to Ms. Bertussi and to a second complainant , Karen Dryden .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bates was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bertussi was Ms. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Karen Dryden was a second complainant .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Bertussi and to a second complainant .','It ordered Bates to write letters of apology .'))))

Input: Rep. Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness from voters and was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bates was Rep. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from voters .','Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness .' ), 'Bates was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November .'))

Input: Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mesa Airlines said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The takeover offer is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share .', SUB/ELABORATION('It received earlier this week .','The takeover offer from StatesWest Airlines .')))

Input: When it made the offer , StatesWest declined to disclose details and asked Mesa to do the same .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It made the offer .', CO/LIST(', StatesWest declined to disclose details .',', StatesWest asked Mesa to do the same .'))

Input: But Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa said the offer was for $ 7 in cash and unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $ 3 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa said .', CO/LIST('The offer was for $ 7 in cash .','The offer was for unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $ 3 a share .'))

Input: Fleet 's net was $ 96.4 million , or 86 cents a primary share , compared with $ 85.8 million , or 79 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with $ 85.8 million a year earlier .','This was compared with 79 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Fleet 's net was $ 96.4 million .','Fleet 's net was 86 cents a primary share .'))

Input: The Providence , R.I. , financial services group , which includes commercial-credit , leasing and mortgage-banking operations , contributed $ 30.6 million to net , up from last year 's $ 21.3 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to net .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from last year 's $ 21.3 million .','The Providence , R.I. , financial services group contributed $ 30.6 million .' ), 'The Providence , R.I. , financial services group includes commercial-credit , leasing and mortgage-banking operations .'))

Input: Fleet reported nine-month net of $ 279.0 million , or $ 2.51 a primary share , up from $ 248.2 million , or $ 2.28 a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from $ 248.2 million , or $ 2.28 a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Fleet reported nine-month net of $ 279.0 million .','Fleet reported nine-month net of $ 2.51 a primary share .'))

Input: Benj . Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 8 million , or $ 1.04 a share , as a result of adding $ 11 million in loan-loss reserves .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Benj . Franklin Federal Savings & Loan Association said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result of adding $ 11 million in loan-loss reserves .', CO/DISJUNCTION('It expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 8 million .','It expects to post a third-quarter net loss of $ 1.04 a share .')))

Input: The Portland , Ore. , thrift , which has $ 5.2 billion of assets , had net income in last year 's third quarter of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The Portland , Ore. , thrift had net income in last year 's third quarter of $ 1.8 million .','The Portland , Ore. , thrift had net income in last year 's third quarter of 23 cents a share .' ), 'The Portland , Ore. , thrift has $ 5.2 billion of assets .')

Input: The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by Franklin and its subsidiaries and the default of a bond in its investment portfolio , the thrift said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets .', CO/LIST(', Certain assets were held by Franklin and its subsidiaries .',', Certain assets were held by the default of a bond in its investment portfolio .' ), 'This was what the thrift said .'))

Input: It also announced an initial public offering of 18 % of its gas exploration and production subsidiary .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It said it will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit .','It will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge .'))

Input: South Africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 8 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said Chris Stals , governor of the Reserve Bank and the country 's chief debt negotiator .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Net surged to $ 210.8 million , or $ 2.68 a share , from $ 26.7 million , or 33 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 26.7 million a year earlier .','This was from 33 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Net surged to $ 210.8 million .','Net surged to $ 2.68 a share .'))

Input: The latest quarter included a gain of $ 193.3 million , or $ 2.46 a share , from the sale of New York Times Cable , completed in August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the sale of New York Times Cable .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The latest quarter included a gain of $ 193.3 million .','The latest quarter included a gain of $ 2.46 a share .' ), 'New York Times Cable was completed in August .'))

Input: Exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 35 % to $ 16.4 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 25.2 million , or 31 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 16.4 million .','This was to 21 cents a share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 25.2 million .','This was from 31 cents a share .' ), 'Exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 35 % .'))

Input: The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's , Golf World -LRB- U.S. -RRB- and Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The New York Times was the company 's flagship newspaper .', CO/LIST('The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times .','The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring Golf World -LRB- U.S. -RRB- ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times .','The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times .'))

Input: Mr. Taylor , a 36-year-old state senator from Bay St. Louis , won 65 % of the vote in a district that has voted Republican in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by Republican U.S. Sen. Trent Lott .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Taylor was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. was Republican .', SUB/ELABORATION('Trent Lott was U.S. Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Taylor was a 36-year-old state senator from Bay St. Louis .','Taylor won 65 % of the vote in a district that has voted in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by Trent Lott .'))))

Input: Even so , Mr. Taylor carried all but one of the district 's dozen counties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Taylor was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was even so .','Taylor carried all but one of the district 's dozen counties .'))

Input: Wall Street Journal reporters called companies with headquarters or facilities in the Bay area in a bid to assess the damage to their operations caused by Tuesday 's earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with headquarters or facilities .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the Bay area .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a bid .','Wall Street Journal reporters called companies .' ), 'This was to assess the damage to their operations caused by Tuesday 's earthquake .')))

Input: ADIA SERVICES INC. , Menlo Park , temporary personnel agency , annual sales of $ 504 million , OTC , said all 30 offices in Bay area were working , but in various states of disarray .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('ADIA SERVICES INC. was Menlo Park .', SUB/ELABORATION('ADIA SERVICES INC. temporary personnel agency were annual sales of $ 504 million .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what ADIA SERVICES INC. temporary personnel agency OTC said .','All 30 offices in Bay area were working , but in various states of disarray .')))

Input: AMDAHL CORP. , Sunnyvale , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.8 billion , Amex , was closed yesterday and no damage estimates were available .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('AMDAHL(SUB/ELABORATION('AMDAHL(SUB/ELABORATION('Amex('Amex , was closed yesterday .' ), 'No damage estimates were available .'))))))

Input: ATARI CORP. , Sunnyvale , maker of personal computers and software , annual sales of $ 700 million , Amex , had minor damage and expects to be fully operational by tomorrow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('ATARI(SUB/ELABORATION('Annual sales of $ 700 million were Amex .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Software was annual sales of $ 700 million .', CO/LIST('ATARI('ATARI()))))))

Input: BECHTEL CORP. , San Francisco , engineering and construction concern , annual sales of $ 4 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city , but its computers were knocked out .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('BECHTEL(SUB/ELABORATION('BECHTEL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the city .','BECHTEL('Its computers were knocked out .')))))))

Input: Backup computer tapes were hand-carried to an IBM office in Philadelphia , and the company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Philadelphia .','Backup computer tapes were hand-carried to an IBM office .' ), 'The company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days .')

Input: BORLAND INTERNATIONAL , Scotts Valley , personal computer and software designer , annual sales of $ 72 million , had heavy damage to its headquarters and was conducting business from its parking lot .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('BORLAND INTERNATIONAL was Scotts Valley .', SUB/ELABORATION('BORLAND INTERNATIONAL personal computer and software designer were annual sales of $ 72 million .', CO/LIST('BORLAND INTERNATIONAL personal computer and software designer had heavy damage to its headquarters .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from its parking lot .','BORLAND INTERNATIONAL personal computer and software designer was conducting business .'))))

Input: BUSINESSLAND INC. , San Jose , computer retail company , annual sales of $ 1.1 billion , NYSE , said all 16 corporate office and stores in the area were open with the exception of a retail center in San Francisco 's business district .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('BUSINESSLAND INC. was San Jose .', SUB/ELABORATION('NYSE was annual sales of $ 1.1 billion .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what annual sales of $ 1.1 billion said .','All 16 corporate office and stores in the area were open with the exception of a retail center in San Francisco 's business district .')))

Input: A spokesman said sales are expected to be hurt , but the losses are covered by insurance .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman said .',', Sales are expected to be hurt .' ), 'The losses are covered by insurance .')

Input: CHEVRON CORP. , San Francisco , oil company , annual sales of $ 25.2 billion , NYSE , had minor damage to downtown headquarters , but structural damage closed two of its seven buildings in San Ramone industrial park .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION(', CHEVRON(SUB/ELABORATION(', CHEVRON(', CHEVRON(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in San Ramone industrial park .',', Structural damage closed two of its seven buildings .')))))))

Input: CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CLOROX Co. was Oakland .', SUB/ELABORATION(', CLOROX Co. consumer products were annual sales of $ 1.36 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('NYSE was CLOROX Co. consumer products .', CO/CONTRAST('NYSE , was closed yesterday .','NYSE , plans to reopen today or tomorrow .'))))

Input: Meanwhile , orders are being routed through Kingsford Products unit in Louisville , Ky. , but computer problems mean they must be processed manually .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','Orders are being routed through Kingsford Products unit in Louisville , Ky. .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Computer problems mean .','They must be processed manually .'))

Input: COHERENT INC. , Palo Alto , laser maker , annual sales of $ 159 million , was closed yesterday but expects to reopen today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', COHERENT(SUB/ELABORATION(', COHERENT(CO/CONTRAST(', COHERENT(', COHERENT()))))))

Input: COOPER COMPANIES INC. , Palo Alto , medical products maker , annual sales of $ 628 million , NYSE , had little damage and was in full operation yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', COOPER(SUB/ELABORATION(', COOPER(SUB/ELABORATION('NYSE(CO/LIST('NYSE , had little damage .','NYSE , was in full operation yesterday .')))))))

Input: EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. was Fremont .', SUB/ELABORATION('Annual sales of $ 377 million were OTC .', SUB/ELABORATION('Personal computers and peripherals were annual sales of $ 377 million .', CO/LIST('EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. maker of personal computers and peripherals had minor damage .','EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. maker of personal computers and peripherals was almost fully operational yesterday .'))))

Input: GAP Inc. , San Bruno , clothing retailer , annual sales of $ 1.25 billion , NYSE , expects most of its stores to return to full operation and all 2,500 of its Bay-area workers to be back at work by today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('GAP Inc. is San Bruno .', SUB/ELABORATION('GAP Inc. clothing retailer is annual sales of $ 1.25 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('NYSE is GAP Inc. clothing retailer .', CO/LIST('NYSE , expects most of its stores to return to full operation to be back at work by today .','NYSE , expects most of its stores to return to all 2,500 of its Bay-area workers to be back at work by today .'))))

Input: GENENTECH INC. , South San Francisco , biotechnology company , annual sales of $ 334.8 million , NYSE , sustained no major damage and expects to be fully operational today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('GENENTECH INC. was South San Francisco .', SUB/ELABORATION('GENENTECH INC. biotechnology company was annual sales of $ 334.8 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('NYSE was GENENTECH INC. biotechnology company .', CO/LIST('NYSE , sustained no major damage .','NYSE , expects to be fully operational today .'))))

Input: There was limited production of some models yesterday , but it was n't clear when the normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('There was limited production of some models yesterday .', SUB/ELABORATION('It was n't clear .','The normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume .'))

Input: Plant officials are still assessing damage to parts suppliers and Port of Oakland facilities that handle shipments to the plant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is to parts suppliers .','This is to Port of Oakland facilities .' ), 'Plant officials are still assessing damage .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the plant .','Port of Oakland facilities handle shipments .'))

Input: HEWLETT-PACKARD Co. , Palo Alto , personal computer and electronic equipment maker , annual sales of $ 9.8 billion , NYSE , said there will be a minimal suspension of manufacturing for an undefined period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('HEWLETT-PACKARD Co. was Palo Alto .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what HEWLETT-PACKARD Co. personal computer and electronic equipment maker , annual sales of $ 9.8 billion , NYSE , said .','There will be a minimal suspension of manufacturing for an undefined period .'))

Input: The company said it was doing a brisk business in computer power-surge protectors , cables and uninterruptable power sources .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in computer power-surge protectors .','This was in cables .','This was in uninterruptable power sources .' ), 'It was doing a brisk business .'))

Input: INTEL Corp. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 2.87 billion , OTC , had some damage and few people were at work yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('INTEL Corp. was Santa Clara .', SUB/ELABORATION('INTEL Corp. semiconductor maker was annual sales of $ 2.87 billion .','INTEL Corp. semiconductor maker OTC , had some damage .' ), 'Few people were at work yesterday .'))

Input: The plant and its 8,500 employees gradually will resume operations over the next several days , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is over the next several days .', CO/LIST('The plant gradually will resume operations .','Its 8,500 employees gradually will resume operations .' ), 'This was what the company said .'))

Input: KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL was Oakland .', SUB/ELABORATION('KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL metal and chemical maker were annual sales of $ 2.22 billion .','KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL metal and chemical maker had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building .' ), 'Employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up .'))

Input: LOCKHEED CORP. , Calabasas , aerospace and defense concern , annual sales of $ 10.59 billion , NYSE , said its Lockheed Missiles & Space division closed its Santa Cruz test facility because of power outages and landslides .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('LOCKHEED(SUB/ELABORATION('NYSE was annual sales of $ 10.59 billion .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This('Its Lockheed Missiles & Space division closed its Santa Cruz test facility because of power outages and landslides .')))))

Input: It also was n't known what the impact will be on the division 's work , which includes the Navy 's Trident submarine-based missile program and the Air Force 's Strategic Defense Initiative .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it was n't known .','What the impact will be on the division 's work .' )CO/LIST('The division 's work includes the Navy 's Trident submarine-based missile program .','The division 's work includes the Air Force 's Strategic Defense Initiative .'))

Input: The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant in Palo Altos , and no delays in deliveries are expected .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Palo Altos .','The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant .' ), 'No delays in deliveries are expected .')

Input: MEASUREX CORP. , Cupertino , maker of computer integrated manufacturing processes , annual sales of $ 265 million , NYSE , had only minor damage but workers spent most of yesterday cleaning up .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('MEASUREX(SUB/ELABORATION('NYSE was annual sales of $ 265 million .','MEASUREX(SUB/ELABORATION('Workers spent most of yesterday .','Yesterday was cleaning up .'))))))

Input: ORACLE SYSTEMS CORP. , Belmont , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 584 million , four of 12 offices and buildings in the Belmont and San Mateo areas were closed , 95 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('ORACLE(SUB/ELABORATION('ORACLE(CO/LIST('Provider('Annual('Four('Buildings()))))))))

Input: PACIFIC TELESIS GROUP , San Francisco , telecommunications holding company , annual sales of $ 9.5 billion , no damage to headquarters , but no power , the power failure has caused a delay in the release of the company 's earnings report , major concern is subsidiaries , Pacific Bell and Pacific Telesis Cellular , both of which sustained damage to buildings , structural damage to several cellular sites in Santa Cruz , volume of calls on cellular phones 10 times the usual , causing a big slowdown .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CHARLES(SUB/ELABORATION('Discount brokerage firm is annual sales of $ 392 million .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to headquarters building open .',', CHARLES(', CHARLES()))))))

Input: SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', SOUTHERN(SUB/ELABORATION(', SOUTHERN(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to headquarters .',', SOUTHERN(', SOUTHERN(', SOUTHERN()))))))))

Input: St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night .', CO/LIST(', St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit has since restored some freight lines .',', St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit has since restored limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose .'))

Input: SUN MICROSYSTEMS INC. , Mountain View , maker of desktop computers , annual sales $ 1.77 billion , OTC , no injured employees and very little damage to buildings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage and no slowdowns were anticipated .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. was Palo Alto .', SUB/ELABORATION('VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company were annual sales of $ 1.3 billion .','VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company had only minor damage .' ), 'No slowdowns were anticipated .'))

Input: WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers are annual sales of $ 452 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('Maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers slight structural damage at headquarters are no injuries .', CO/LIST('WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. expects to be back to full operation today .',', San Jose expects to be back to full operation today .','Maker of video display terminals expects to be back to full operation today .','Workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers slight structural damage at headquarters expects to be back to full operation today .')))

Input: That was the question structural engineers and California transportation officials were asking themselves yesterday as rescue workers began the gruesome task of trying to extract as many as 250 victims from beneath the concrete slabs of the double-deck Nimitz Freeway in Oakland that caved in during Tuesday 's temblor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('That was the question .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what structural engineers and California transportation officials were asking themselves yesterday .','As rescue workers began the gruesome task of trying to extract as many as 250 victims from beneath the concrete slabs of the double-deck Nimitz Freeway in Oakland the question .' ), 'Oakland caved in during Tuesday 's temblor .'))

Input: But there are other long-term effects that raise serious questions about the ability of California 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there are other long-term effects .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is about the ability of California 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor .','Other long-term effects raise serious questions .'))

Input: It could easily be two years before the well-traveled artery that helps connect Oakland with San Francisco is reopened , and the cost to build a new stretch of highway could soar to more than $ 250 million , said Charles J. O', Connell , deputy district director in Los Angeles of the California Department of Transportation , nicknamed Caltrans .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles , near the Memorial Coliseum .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This is near the Memorial Coliseum .','This is above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles .' ), ', Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools .')

Input: But as for safety , he says double-deck freeways built today with the heavily reinforced concrete and thicker columns required after the Sylmar quake should withstand a calamitous temblor of 7.5 to 8 on the Richter scale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But as for safety , he says double-deck freeways .', CO/LIST('Double-deck freeways were built today with the heavily reinforced concrete .','Double-deck freeways were built today with thicker columns required after the Sylmar quake should withstand a calamitous temblor of 7.5 to 8 on the Richter scale .'))

Input: The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Columns apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement .',', Steel reinforcement was used in highways today .'))

Input: But in the case of the Nimitz Freeway , the lack of such support caused the core of the columns to crumble and buckle under the weight of the second deck , crushing motorists who were lined up in bumper-to-bumper rush-hour traffic on the lower deck nearly 15 feet below .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('But in the case of the Nimitz Freeway , the lack of such support caused the core of the columns .','This was to crumble and buckle under the weight of the second deck .' )SUB/ELABORATION('But in the case of the Nimitz Freeway , the lack of such support was crushing motorists .','Motorists were lined up in bumper-to-bumper rush-hour traffic on the lower deck nearly 15 feet below .'))

Input: Caltrans reinforced the highway in 1977 as part of a $ 55 million statewide project , using steel cables to tie the decks of the freeway to the columns and prevent the structure from swaying in a quake .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1977 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of a $ 55 million statewide project .',', Caltrans reinforced the highway .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Caltrans was using steel cables .','This was to tie the decks of the freeway to the columns and prevent the structure from swaying in a quake .')))

Input: Basically , we had a severe earthquake of significant duration and it was just something the structure could n't withstand .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was basically .','We had a severe earthquake of significant duration .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was basically .','It was just something .' ), 'The structure could n't withstand something .'))

Input: But only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority , and the Nimitz Freeway , supported by double rows , was left out , Mr. Drago explained .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Drago was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('But only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Nimitz Freeway was left out .','The Nimitz Freeway was supported by double rows .' ), 'This was what Drago explained .')))

Input: Charles McCoy in San Francisco and John R. Emshwiller in Los Angeles contributed to this article .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4 million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for as much as 90 % of Lionel .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a group .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share .','Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 95.4 million .'))))

Input: Lionel also urged holders of its stock and debt not to tender their securities , saying it wants to remain independent to pursue its business strategy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lionel also urged holders of its stock and debt not to tender their securities .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lionel was saying .','It wants to remain independent to pursue its business strategy .'))

Input: Lionel also said the offer by Robert I. Toussie Limited Partnership is inadequate , and full of conditions that leave it subject to substantial uncertainty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lionel said .','The offer by Robert I. Toussie Limited Partnership is inadequate , and full of conditions .' ), ', Conditions leave it subject to substantial uncertainty .')

Input: Company officials and union representatives did n't meet face to face , but the mediator shuttled between the two groups .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST(', Company officials did n't meet face to face .','Union representatives did n't meet face to face .' ), 'The mediator shuttled between the two groups .')

Input: Machinists already have rejected a proposal that called for a 4 % pay increase and 8 % bonus in the first year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Machinists already have rejected a proposal .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first year .', CO/LIST('A proposal called for a 4 % pay increase .','A proposal called for 8 % bonus .')))

Input: In the second year , workers would receive a 3 % wage boost and a 3 % bonus , followed by a 3 % increase without a bonus in the third year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the second year .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was without a bonus in the third year .','This was followed by a 3 % increase .' )CO/LIST('Workers would receive a 3 % wage boost .','Workers would receive a 3 % bonus .')))

Input: As the strike enters its 15th day today , some members are getting nervous , the spokesman conceded , but the majority of the 55,000 Machinists are prepared to wait it out as long as it takes .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The strike enters its 15th day today .',', Some members are getting nervous .' ), 'The majority of the 55,000 Machinists are prepared to wait it out as long as it takes .')

Input: United Merchants & Manufacturers Inc. said its president , Uzi Ruskin , withdrew his proposal to acquire control of the New York textile and clothing company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Uzi Ruskin was its president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what United Merchants & Manufacturers Inc. said .','Its president withdrew his proposal to acquire control of the New York textile and clothing company .'))

Input: Last month , Mr. Ruskin proposed , among other things , to buy 3.5 million shares , or 38 % , for $ 4 apiece .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ruskin was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among other things .','Last month , Ruskin proposed .' ), 'This was to buy 3.5 million shares , or 38 % , for $ 4 apiece .'))

Input: Coupled with his current 1.2 million shares and 4 % held by an associate , the stake would have given him control of 55 % of the concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was coupled with his current 1.2 million shares .','This was coupled with 4 % held by an associate .' ), 'The stake would have given him control of 55 % of the concern .')

Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Ruskin had said that holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ruskin was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ruskin had said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .','Holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares .'))

Input: A special committee of United Merchants directors said that in view of uncertainties regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't recommend the plan to the full board .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a special committee of United Merchants directors said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the full board .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in view of uncertainties regarding various legal and financial considerations .','It could n't recommend the plan .')))

Input: In the aftermath of the California earthquake , President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the aftermath of the California earthquake .', CO/LIST('Bush flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning .','His aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning .')))

Input: Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims , but some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House in action .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in action .',', Some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House .'))

Input: Mr. Bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast , and they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Bush were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast .','His aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast .' ), 'They clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now .'))

Input: Mr. Bush himself essentially acknowledged that he and his aides were trying to head off criticism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush himself acknowledged .', CO/LIST('He were trying to head off criticism .','His aides were trying to head off criticism .')))

Input: Beazer PLC , a major British building materials and construction concern , reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Beazer PLC was a major British building materials .','Beazer PLC was construction concern .' ), 'Beazer PLC reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co .')

Input: Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence -LRB- 47 cents -RRB- from 24.68 pence -LRB- 39 cents -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 92.6 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from # 75.6 million a year earlier .','Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 24.68 pence -LRB- 39 cents -RRB- .','Fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence -LRB- 47 cents -RRB- .')))

Input: But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of San Francisco and the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways .', CO/LIST('Buildings and roadways were perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of San Francisco -- two areas of maximum devastation .','Buildings and roadways were perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation .'))

Input: Landfill -- loose and unconsolidated earth -- may feel like rock but it behaves like liquid when you shake it , said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You can drive piles on it and build on it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on it .','You can drive piles .' ), 'You can build on it .')

Input: One old building , the Golden State Bank Building on Front Street , had its yellow brick facade sheared off by the shock of the quake , leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing rush-hour pedestrians and cars .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One old building was the Golden State Bank Building on Front Street .', SUB/ELABORATION('One old building had its yellow brick facade .', CO/LIST('Its yellow brick facade was sheared off by the shock of the quake .', CO/LIST('Its yellow brick facade was leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing rush-hour pedestrians .','Its yellow brick facade was leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below cars .'))))

Input: The urgency is heightened because this week 's earthquake -- while major and followed by hundreds of aftershocks -- did n't release enough pent-up energy tension along the faultlines to preclude more and bigger quakes soon .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The urgency is heightened .', SUB/PURPOSE('This week 's earthquake -- while major and followed by hundreds of aftershocks -- did n't release enough pent-up energy tension along the faultlines .','This was to preclude more and bigger quakes soon .'))

Input: But now , the soft-drink giant appears willing to take the risk .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas but trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas , according to Beverage Digest .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Beverage Digest .',', Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Beverage Digest .',', Coke now trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas .'))

Input: As aftershocks shook the San Francisco Bay area , rescuers searched through rubble for survivors of Tuesday 's temblor , and residents picked their way through glass-strewn streets .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Aftershocks shook the San Francisco Bay area .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for survivors of Tuesday 's temblor .','Rescuers searched through rubble .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was through glass-strewn streets .','Residents picked their way .')))

Input: At least 270 people were reported killed and 1,400 injured in the rush-hour tremor that caused billions of dollars of damage along 100 miles of the San Andreas fault .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('At least 270 people were reported killed and 1,400 injured in the rush-hour tremor .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was along 100 miles of the San Andreas fault .','The rush-hour tremor caused billions of dollars of damage .'))

Input: Bush declared the region a major disaster area and the military was mobilized to prevent looting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush declared the region .', CO/LIST('A major disaster area was mobilized to prevent looting the region .','The military was mobilized to prevent looting the region .'))

Input: Honecker 's departure came after weeks of street protests and an exodus to the West of East Germans who had become disenchanted with his rule .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the West of East Germans .', CO/LIST('Honecker 's departure came after weeks of street protests .','Honecker 's departure came after weeks of an exodus .' ), 'The West of East Germans had become disenchanted with his rule .'))

Input: At a nationally televised legislative session in Budapest , the Parliament overwhelmingly approved changes formally ending one-party domination in the country , regulating free elections by next summer and establishing the office of state president to replace a 21-member council .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the country .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by next summer .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was at a nationally televised legislative session in Budapest .','The Parliament overwhelmingly approved changes formally ending one-party domination , regulating free elections and establishing the office of state president to replace a 21-member council .')))

Input: The Census Bureau reported that 13.1 % of the U.S. population , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Census Bureau reported .', CO/DISJUNCTION('13.1 % of the U.S. population were living in poverty in 1988 .','31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 .'))

Input: Last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the poverty rate .','Last year 's figure marked the fifth consecutive annual decline .'))

Input: Per capita income rose 1.7 % to $ 13,120 , but median family income fell 0.2 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 13,120 .','Per capita income rose 1.7 % .' ), 'Median family income fell 0.2 % .')

Input: But other nations at the opening of the 49-nation meeting of Britain and its former colonies pressed for continued or stronger embargoes in an effort to end apartheid .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an effort .','But other nations at the opening of the 49-nation meeting of Britain and its former colonies pressed for continued or stronger embargoes .' ), 'This was to end apartheid .')

Input: Most of the country 's 20,000 judges and judicial employees joined the work stoppage .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year ago .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 632 million .','This was from $ 3.36 a share .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million .','Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 3.29 a share .')))

Input: A spokeswoman said Dow is comfortable with Wall Street expectations that full-year earnings will total about $ 14.60 a share , compared with last year 's record net of $ 2.4 billion , or $ 12.76 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokeswoman said .', SUB/ELABORATION('Dow is comfortable with Wall Street expectations .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was compared with last year 's record net of $ 2.4 billion .','This was compared with last year 's record net of $ 12.76 a share .' ), 'Full-year earnings will total about $ 14.60 a share .')))

Input: For the first nine months of the year , Dow earned $ 2.06 billion , or $ 11.41 a share , up 17 % from $ 1.76 billion , or $ 9.32 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up 17 % from $ 1.76 billion , or $ 9.32 a share , a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first nine months of the year .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Dow earned $ 2.06 billion .','Dow earned $ 11.41 a share .')))

Input: Whether or not great cases make bad-law -- as Justice Holmes asserted -- who can doubt that when great confirmation hearings turn on the nominee 's response to these great cases they make bad judicial history ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In its basic structure and style the book is novelistic , with piquant character portrayal , hard-wire action and devious intrigue of the sort more likely to be encountered in a Washington docudrama than in a constitutional history .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its basic structure and style .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with piquant character portrayal .','This was with hard-wire action .','This was with devious intrigue of the sort .' ), 'The book is novelistic more likely to be encountered in a Washington docudrama than in a constitutional history .'))

Input: Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy , laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy .', SUB/PURPOSE('Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses .','This was to follow .'))

Input: It achieved a good media play , and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of conscience .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Specter was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Bork was Mr. .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It achieved .','A good media play .' ), 'It enabled Specter and others to vote against Bork out of conscience .')))

Input: But Democratic Sen. Bennett Johnson of Louisiana reminded the little band that anti-Bork blacks and women could furnish the margin to punish them in their next Senate elections .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bennett Johnson was Democratic Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But Bennett Johnson of Louisiana reminded the little band .','Anti-Bork blacks and women could furnish the margin to punish them in their next Senate elections .'))

Input: Mr. Bork 's opponents chose the battlefield , held it and kept it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bork was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Bork 's opponents chose the battlefield .','Bork 's opponents held it .','Bork 's opponents kept it .'))

Input: Yet with the smooth confirmation of Anthony Kennedy , an 80 percenter only slightly less supportive of judicial restraint than Mr. Bork , the Democrats may have won the battle but lost the war .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bork was judicial restraint than Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Anthony Kennedy was an 80 percenter only slightly less supportive of Bork .', CO/CONTRAST('Yet with the smooth confirmation of Anthony Kennedy , the Democrats may have won the battle .','Yet with the smooth confirmation of Anthony Kennedy , the Democrats lost the war .')))

Input: The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no paper trail and no bite to their tongue or pen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The word went forth to every law school .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to their tongue or pen .', CO/LIST('This is with no paper trail .','This is with no bite .' ), 'Those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey .')))

Input: His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine .', CO/LIST('His majoritarian doctrine keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures .','His majoritarian doctrine leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives .'))

Input: A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right to privacy in contraceptive matters -LRB- decided in the Griswold case -RRB- to abortion as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to privacy .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to abortion .','A reflective and growing consensus of Americans clearly wishes to apply the right in contraceptive matters -LRB- decided in the Griswold case -RRB- as well .'))

Input: One can understand Mr. Bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched , though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bork was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST('One can understand Bork 's fear .','A Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it .' ), 'The new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched .'))

Input: The collection , which includes two early Picassos , a van Gogh , a Monet , other paintings , furniture and porcelains , went on sale last night in the first of six auctions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The collection went on sale last night in the first of six auctions .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gogh is a van .', CO/LIST('The collection includes two early Picassos .','The collection includes Gogh .','The collection includes a Monet .','The collection includes other paintings .','The collection includes furniture .','The collection includes porcelains .')))

Input: A corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a Wall Street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A corporation goes to a Wall Street firm .','A corporation wants to sell stock or bonds .' )CO/LIST('A Wall Street firm purchases the securities outright .','A Wall Street firm is accepting the financial risk of finding buyers .'))

Input: Instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds exceeding $ 100 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in order to obtain the collection and in exchange for taking a bigger chunk of proceeds .','Proceeds were exceeding $ 100 million .' ), 'Instead , people familiar with the transaction said , the auction house opted to forgo that percentage .')

Input: But two weeks ago , Sotheby 's said that it has the painting under lock and key because the loan had not been fully repaid .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sotheby 's said .', SUB/CAUSE('It has the painting under lock and key .','The loan had not been fully repaid .'))

Input: Sotheby 's is offering such deals because it 's an art sellers ' market , at least where the best works are concerned , says Ralph Lerner , an attorney and author of the book Art Law .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it 's likely .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the amount .','The amount is exceeding the guarantee .' ), ', Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission .' ), 'A higher than usual commission was called an override .'))

Input: The decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many , since Mr. Dorrance had served as chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to the institution .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Dorrance was Mr. .', SUB/CAUSE('The decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many .','Dorrance had served as chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it had been assumed .','Many of the works would be donated to the institution .')))

Input: A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because Christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent -LCB- for buyer and seller -RCB- , not as a bank .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Christie 's spokeswoman said .', CO/LIST(CO/CONTRAST('The auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the buyer .','-- it still gets a commission .' ), 'While the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because Christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent -LCB- for buyer and seller -RCB- , not as a bank .')))

Input: But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc , Mr. Krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation 's very existence : German reunification .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to his nation 's very existence : German reunification .','But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc , Krenz will face an immediate threat .'))

Input: Even if he were to change his stripes and become another Milton Friedman , however , he would still stand a good chance of losing a country .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('He were to change his stripes and become another Milton Friedman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','He would still stand a good chance of losing a country .'))

Input: But if East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at reform .','East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Krenz to make serious efforts .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is just as fundamental .','But , he will face a challenge .')))

Input: Two of the last gestures of the Honecker regime were to close the border to Czechoslovakia and install halogen lights in some spots along the frontier .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Czechoslovakia .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in some spots along the frontier .','Two of the last gestures of the Honecker regime were to close the border and install halogen lights .'))

Input: But with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself into an Albania to clamp down further on refugees .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is into an Albania .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is apparently .','But with world-wide opinion -- even in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself to clamp down further on refugees .'))

Input: But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('He effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation .', CO/LIST('But , he will face a serious ideological crisis .','But , he will face Reunification Scenario Two .'))

Input: When Poland moves to reform , it can at least lean on its past : However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski 's interwar republic , it was a nonsocialist democracy .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Poland moves to reform .','It can at least lean on its past .' ), 'However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski 's interwar republic , it was a nonsocialist democracy .')

Input: But East Germany is merely the land of truly existing socialism .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If it goes capitalist , and increases trade with West Germany , it will convert itself , willy-nilly , into an economic annex of the Federal Republic .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('It goes capitalist .','Increases trade with West Germany .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is willy-nilly .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is into an economic annex of the Federal Republic .','It will convert itself .')))

Input: Also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Investors quickly singled out stocks of companies .' ), ', Companies were expected to profit or suffer from the disaster .')

Input: But Secretary Skinner said he would urge Bush to veto the bill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Skinner was Secretary .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Skinner said .','He would urge Bush to veto the bill .'))

Input: British Airways said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Air 's parent .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what British Airways said .', CO/LIST('It is seeking improved terms .','It is seeking a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Air 's parent .'))

Input: News of the major earthquake in California Tuesday triggered a round of dollar sales in early Asian trade , but most foreign-exchange dealers said they expect the impact of the quake on financial markets to be short-lived .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in early Asian trade .','News of the major earthquake in California Tuesday triggered a round of dollar sales .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what most foreign-exchange dealers said .','They expect the impact of the quake on financial markets to be short-lived .'))

Input: Since Friday 's dive in stock market prices , the Fed has injected reserves into the banking system in an effort to calm the markets and avert a repeat of 1987 's stock market debacle .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was into the banking system in an effort .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since Friday 's dive in stock market prices .','The Fed has injected reserves .' ), 'This was to calm the markets and avert a repeat of 1987 's stock market debacle .'))

Input: Some analysts note that after last week 's stock market tailspin and Tuesday 's California earthquake , it 's hard to gauge where the central bank wants the key federal funds rate .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts note .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is after last week 's stock market tailspin .','This is after Tuesday 's California earthquake .' ), 'It 's hard to gauge where the central bank wants the key federal funds rate .'))

Input: For now , traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what traders say for now .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on Wall Street .','The foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events .'))

Input: But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The morning wore on .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said .', CO/LIST('Their refineries were n't damaged .','Their refineries were continuing to operate normally .')))

Input: Most said they shut down their petroleum pipeline operations as a precaution but did n't see any immediate damage .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what most said .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a precaution .','They shut down their petroleum pipeline operations .' ), 'They did n't see any immediate damage .'))

Input: But once that factor was eliminated , traders took profits and focused on crude oil inventories , Mr. Barakat said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Barakat was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('That factor was eliminated .','But , traders took profits and focused on crude oil inventories , Barakat said .'))

Input: The problem is that while on the surface everything is all right , the question is , said Mr. Barakat , was there any structural damage to the pipelines or anything else .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The first analyst said that the Japanese , as well as the Chinese , bought copper earlier in the week in London , but that this purchasing has since slackened as the supply situation , at least over the long term , appears to have improved .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the first analyst said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at least over the long term .','That the Japanese , as well as the Chinese , bought copper earlier in the week in London , but that this purchasing has since slackened as the supply situation appears to have improved .'))

Input: The focus for some time has been on the copper supply , and good demand has been taken for granted , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('The focus for some time has been on the copper supply .','Good demand has been taken for granted .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like quantity last week but did n't .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar .','That country recently had been expected to seek a like quantity last week .' ), 'That country did n't .')

Input: It 's known they need the sugar , and the expectation that they will come in is apparently giving the market its principal support , the dealer said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it 's known .','They need the sugar .' ), 'The expectation that they will come in is apparently giving the market its principal support .' ), 'This was what the dealer said .')

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Union Pacific Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million debt securities and warrants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Food and Drug Admistration , and its long-term effects are unknown .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The drug has n't been approved yet by the Food and Drug Admistration .','The drug is still in the experimental phase .' ), 'Its long-term effects are unknown .')

Input: Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on patients .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in February .','Researchers began using the drug .' ), 'Patients had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants .'))

Input: They are also encouraged by the relatively mild side effects of FK-506 , compared with cyclosporine , which can cause renal failure , morbidity , nausea and other problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with cyclosporine .','They are also encouraged by the relatively mild side effects of FK-506 .' ), ', Cyclosporine can cause renal failure , morbidity , nausea and other problems .')

Input: Dr. Fung said that FK-506 would not be available in the market for at least a year , and that the FDA approval process usually takes three years to five years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fung was Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fung said .','That FK-506 would not be available in the market for at least a year , and that the FDA approval process usually takes three years to five years .'))

Input: Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds , and that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Starzl was Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Starzl said .', CO/LIST('The research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds .','That Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants .')))

Input: We 've known for six months the effect of this drug , and our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock , Dr. Starzl said , adding that profiting from FK-506 would n't be ethical .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Starzl was Dr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('We 've known for six months the effect of this drug .','Our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock .' ), 'This was what Starzl said , adding that profiting from FK-506 would n't be ethical .'))

Input: Yet in Mr. Laband 's rehash of free-market logic , human greed and self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Laband is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Yet in Laband 's rehash of free-market logic , human greed are the only permissible psychological reactions .','Yet in Laband 's rehash of free-market logic , self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions .'))

Input: Rather , lines would diminish because at higher prices many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is rather .','Lines would diminish .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at higher prices .','Many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies .'))

Input: Moreover , essential relief supplies such as ice must be distributed throughout the population because of potential health problems from spoiled food and possible outbreak of disease .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from spoiled food and possible outbreak of disease .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was moreover .','Essential relief supplies such as ice must be distributed throughout the population because of potential health problems .'))

Input: Fortunately , volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest , but by altruism .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was fortunately .','Volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is fortunately .','Volunteers and charities are not by altruism .'))

Input: The government is actually protecting avaricious ice-baggers and other profiteers who can not see beyond their own short-term gain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The government is actually protecting avaricious ice-baggers .','The government is actually protecting other profiteers .' ), 'Other profiteers can not see beyond their own short-term gain .')

Input: South Carolina deserves an A for its quick and timely relief efforts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They set up absurd situations , detached from reality , and then try to reason from them .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('They set up absurd situations .','Absurd situations were detached from reality .' ), 'They then try to reason from them .')

Input: They divert law-enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a time .','They divert law-enforcement resources .' ), 'They are most needed for protecting lives and property a time .')

Input: And they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by merchants .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies .', CO/DISJUNCTION('And they discourage disaster preparedness .','And even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness .')))

Input: What about those caring people all over the country who are donating food , water and other necessities of life to these people who could be any of us ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Their recovery came surprisingly fast , and always with the help of neighbors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Laband was Mr. .', CO/LIST('We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Laband 's analysis of time values .','We here in the affected areas were dazzled by his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development .'))

Input: Each is more problematic than an unexpected divisional baseball championship , but both help explain why Chicago remains a vital center of this country 's regional theater movement .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Each is more problematic than an unexpected divisional baseball championship .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what both help explain .','Why Chicago remains a vital center of this country 's regional theater movement .'))

Input: The original is a comedy about Alceste , a man who sees falseness and vanity in everyone except himself .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Alceste is a man .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in everyone except himself .','A man sees falseness and vanity .' ), 'The original is a comedy about Alceste .'))

Input: The play is filled with intrigue , dishonesty and injustice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If Mr. Wilbur 's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris , Mr. Falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wilbur is Mr. .', SUB/CONDITION('Wilbur 's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris .','Falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves .'))

Input: Mr. Falls , the Goodman 's artistic director , took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Falls was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Goodman 's artistic director was Falls .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Neil Bartlett .','Falls took a recent adaptation .' ), 'Falls significantly adapted it .')))

Input: Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood , and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Hollywood .','Mr. Falls transfers the setting .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Falls is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants .','Falls transforms the characters .')))

Input: Mr. Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere 's Alexandrine verse form , 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bartlett was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Moliere 's Alexandrine verse form was 12 syllable lines in rhyming couplets .','Bartlett managed to more or less maintain Moliere 's Alexandrine verse form .'))

Input: Mr. Falls kept the form , but Americanized it with Mr. Bartlett 's further help .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Falls was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Falls kept the form .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Bartlett 's further help .','Falls Americanized it .')))

Input: The Steppenwolf Theatre Company , back from a critical and box office success in London with its adaptation of Steinbeck 's The Grapes of Wrath , opened the new season with Harold Pinter 's The Homecoming , first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1965 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Harold Pinter 's The Homecoming .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was back from a critical and box office success in London with its adaptation of Steinbeck 's The Grapes of Wrath .','The Steppenwolf Theatre Company opened the new season .' ), 'Harold Pinter 's The Homecoming was first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1965 .'))

Input: Back then , Mr. Pinter was not only the angry young British playwright , but also the first to use silences and sentence fragments and menacing stares , almost to the exclusion of what we previously understood to be theatrical dialogue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pinter was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was almost to the exclusion of what we previously understood to be theatrical .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was back then .', CO/LIST('Pinter was not only the angry young British playwright , but also the first to use silences and sentence fragments dialogue .','Pinter was not only the angry young British playwright , but also the first to use menacing stares dialogue .'))))

Input: Silences were lengthy -- nobody moved or gestured .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Silences were lengthy .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Nobody moved .','Nobody gestured .'))

Input: Also , it was not a funny time over here , what with the Vietnam War , the '68 Democratic convention , assassinations and riots .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with the Vietnam War .','This was with the '68 Democratic convention .','This was with assassinations .','This was with riots .' ), 'This was what .' ), 'It was not a funny time over here .'))

Input: But under Jerry Perry 's direction the current Steppenwolf production , scheduled to play through Nov. 19 , breaks through the flat and boring ritual that The Homecoming had become .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But under Jerry Perry 's direction the current Steppenwolf production breaks through the flat and boring ritual .','The current Steppenwolf production is scheduled to play through Nov. 19 .' ), 'The Homecoming had become .')

Input: Led by a near-perfect performance by Alan Wilder as Max , the father , the play is at once an appalling and hilarious dissection of a family 's rage , bitterness , fear and isolation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Max is the father .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Alan Wilder as Max .','The play is led by a near-perfect performance .' ), 'The play is at once an appalling and hilarious dissection of a family 's rage , bitterness , fear and isolation .'))

Input: Encouraged by Mr. Wilder 's sly grins , embarrassed grimaces and sputtering rages , the audience gets the joke and begins to laugh before the end of the first act .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wilder is Mr. .', CO/LIST('The audience is encouraged by Wilder 's sly grins , embarrassed grimaces and sputtering rages .', CO/LIST('The audience gets the joke .','The audience begins to laugh before the end of the first act .')))

Input: Three of the family members , Max and his two sons , Lenny and Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher , Lenny a pimp and Joey an aspiring boxer .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Three of the family members , Max and his two sons are Lenny and Joey .','Three of the family members , Max and his two sons live off the flesh .' )CO/LIST('Max is a retired butcher .','Max is Lenny a pimp .','Max is Joey an aspiring boxer .'))

Input: Sam , Max 's brother , has escaped the flesh by working as a liveried chauffeur and never seeking a wife .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sam was Max 's brother .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by .',', Sam has escaped the flesh .' )CO/LIST(', Sam was working as a liveried chauffeur .',', Sam was never seeking a wife .')))

Input: As Ruth , Moira Harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next Colleen Dewhurst , begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Moira Harris is a large and beautiful woman .','A large and beautiful woman may be our next Colleen Dewhurst .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as Ruth .','Moira Harris begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men .'))

Input: We have seen her develop within a few hours from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh who will replace the dead mother , and then some .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a shy and unknown in-law to a goddess of the flesh .','We have seen her develop within a few hours .' )CO/LIST('The flesh will replace the dead mother .','The flesh will replace then some .'))

Input: While Steppenwolf was in London with The Grapes of Wrath , Bruce Sagan , the president of its board of directors , quietly returned to Chicago to buy a piece of real estate in the city 's rapidly reviving North Halsted Street restaurant and theater district .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bruce Sagan was the president of its board of directors .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with The Grapes of Wrath .',', Steppenwolf was in London .' )SUB/PURPOSE('Bruce Sagan quietly returned to Chicago .','This was to buy a piece of real estate in the city 's rapidly reviving North Halsted Street restaurant and theater district .')))

Input: The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for .',', Seats 211 and provides little capacity .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is beyond a simple one-set production .',', Seats are staging anything .')))

Input: What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood and Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich -LRB- Dangerous Liaisons -RRB- , Joan Allen -LRB- The Heidi Chronicles -RRB- , and Glenne Headly -LRB- Lonesome Dove -RRB- , and the company crumbles ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Henning is a Chicago-based law firm management consultant and a writer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Henning is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Henning is a Chicago-based law firm management consultant .','Henning is a writer .'))

Input: The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 0.7 % , or 3.35 , to 463.28 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 463.28 .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 0.7 % .','The Nasdaq Composite Index jumped 3.35 .'))

Input: The trading pace was busy , with 4,343 issues and 147.6 million shares changing hands .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with 4,343 issues changing hands .','This was with 147.6 million shares changing hands .' ), 'The trading pace was busy .')

Input: Much of the jockeying by OTC traders and investors centered on shares of companies that might be financially affected by damage from the devastating earthquake in northern California .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Much of the jockeying by OTC traders and investors centered on shares of companies .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was from the devastating earthquake in northern California .',', Companies might be financially affected by damage .'))

Input: As investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications , shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Shares of a number of companies were actively traded .',', Companies might either profit or face problems because of the disaster .'))

Input: Heading the list : insurance , construction and technology companies located in the San Francisco Bay Area .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traders said property-casualty companies with the heaviest exposure in the San Francisco area include the OTC 's Safeco and Ohio Casualty .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .', CO/LIST('Property-casualty companies with the heaviest exposure in the San Francisco area include the OTC 's Safeco .','Property-casualty companies with the heaviest exposure in the San Francisco area include Ohio Casualty .'))

Input: But Mr. Gilmartin said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gilmartin was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Gilmartin said .','The hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts .'))

Input: Now , they 'll have to increase their coffers to protect for the future and that means rate increases .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','They 'll have to increase their coffers to protect for the future .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','That means rate increases .'))

Input: The Nasdaq Insurance Index jumped 4.15 to 529.32 on the day , while the barometer of big insurance and banking issues climbed 1.72 to 455.29 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the day .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 529.32 .','The Nasdaq Insurance Index jumped 4.15 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 455.29 .','The barometer of big insurance and banking issues climbed 1.72 .')))

Input: But Sun Microsystems slipped 1\/4 to 17 1\/4 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In other earthquake-related news , Hambrecht & Quist 's OTC market makers were excused from trading yesterday and its positions were frozen for the day by the National Association of Securities Dealers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other earthquake-related news .','Hambrecht & Quist 's OTC market makers were excused from trading yesterday .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the National Association of Securities Dealers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other earthquake-related news .','Its positions were frozen for the day .')))

Input: In New York , Roger Killion , a Hambrecht executive vice president , said he expects OTC trading at the company to resume this morning , either in New York or in San Francisco .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roger Killion was a Hambrecht executive vice president .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Roger Killion said in New York .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is at the company to resume this morning , either in New York or in San Francisco .','He expects OTC trading .')))

Input: Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp. said they extended their offer for Connaught BioSciences Inc. , valued at 866 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 736 million -RRB- to Oct. 27 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for Connaught BioSciences Inc. .','They extended their offer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Oct. 27 .',', Connaught BioSciences Inc. were valued at 866 million Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 736 million -RRB- .')))

Input: The companies earlier said they did n't want to raise their offer to match a rival bid by Institut Merieux S.A. of C$ 37 a share , or C$ 942 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the companies said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They did n't want to raise their offer to match a rival bid by Institut Merieux S.A. of C$ 37 a share .','They did n't want to raise their offer to match a rival bid by Institut Merieux S.A. of C$ 942 million .'))

Input: But they said the C$ 30-a-share bid , which was due to expire Monday , may still be extended or varied .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .','The C$ 30-a-share bid may still be extended or varied .' ), 'The C$ 30-a-share bid was due to expire Monday .')

Input: But he knows that as many as 20 of his fellow Democrats are disposed to vote for the cut , popular among their constituents .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he knows .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is popular among their constituents .','As many as 20 of his fellow Democrats are disposed to vote for the cut .'))

Input: He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him and Majority Leader George Mitchell on these grounds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('George Mitchell was Majority Leader .', CO/LIST('He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him .','He helped persuade 10 of George Mitchell on these grounds .'))

Input: It could throw in the towel and hope to win on capital gains late this month , or it could follow the White House strategy , to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(CO/LIST('It could throw in the towel .','It could hope to win on capital gains late this month .' )SUB/PURPOSE('It could follow the White House strategy .','This was to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended .'))

Input: Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rahn was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman .','Rahn was shocked , telephoning director of the Office of Management and Budget .','Rahn was shocked , telephoning the administration 's chief strategist on this issue .'))

Input: When Richard Rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly ridiculed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Richard Rahn advised the financial press .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to capital gains .','The market crash was caused by the setback .' )CO/LIST('He was generally ignored .','He was mildly ridiculed .')))

Input: They are economists and financial reporters who sympathize with the view that a capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('They are economists .','They are financial reporters .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Financial reporters sympathize with the view .','A capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich .'))

Input: Yet they somehow think that Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut that seemed so close Friday morning and is now problematic .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they think .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut .', CO/LIST('The tax cut seemed so close Friday morning .','The tax cut is now problematic .')))

Input: The market rebound Monday followed weekend assurances from Mr. Darman that the administration has other plans to win the cut , which is alive and well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Darman was weekend assurances from Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The market rebound Monday followed Darman .','The administration has other plans to win the cut .' ), 'The cut is alive and well .'))

Input: The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The counter-argument is .', SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('He are successful in killing the president 's proposal .','His fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal .' ), 'The revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy .' ), 'He has heard The counter-argument .'))

Input: William Craig , an independent record promoter , pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by Gary Feess , the U.S. attorney here .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Craig was an independent record promoter .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gary Feess was the U.S. attorney .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a statement .','William Craig pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges .' ), 'A statement was issued by Gary Feess here .')))

Input: Mr. Craig and three others were indicted last year as part of that payola probe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Craig was Mr. .', CO/LIST(', Craig were indicted last year as part of that payola probe .','Three others were indicted last year as part of that payola probe .'))

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Templeton is Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','This is in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors .' ), 'Templeton owns shares .'))

Input: Mr. Templeton 's 147,300-share purchase in the closed-end fund came before the U.S. stock market 's plunge last Friday , but still proved slightly profitable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Templeton was Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST('Templeton 's 147,300-share purchase in the closed-end fund came before the U.S. stock market 's plunge last Friday .','Templeton 's 147,300-share purchase in the closed-end fund still proved slightly profitable .'))

Input: Mr. Templeton bought his shares in several separate purchases between Aug. 30 and Sept. 28 , according to reports with the SEC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Templeton was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in several separate purchases between Aug. 30 .','This was in several separate purchases between Sept. 28 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to reports with the SEC .','Templeton bought his shares .')))

Input: A senior vice president and a vice president at James River Corp. sold the majority of their shares in the Richmond , Va. , paper-products concern in late August and early September , reports filed with the SEC show .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the Richmond , Va. , paper-products concern in late August .', CO/LIST('A senior vice president sold the majority of their shares .','A vice president at James River Corp. sold the majority of their shares .' ), 'Early September , reports filed with the SEC show .'))

Input: T. Rowe Price is an investment adviser to mutual funds , institutions and individuals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Glenn and Sharon Beebe of Cincinnati had sued the com - pany in 1981 after installing Burlington carpets in their office .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was after .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1981 .','Glenn and Sharon Beebe of Cincinnati had sued the com - pany .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in their office .','Glenn and Sharon Beebe of Cincinnati were installing Burlington carpets .')))

Input: As a result of their illness , the Beebes said , they lost $ 1.8 million in wages and earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in wages and earnings .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result of their illness .','The Beebes said , they lost $ 1.8 million .'))

Input: Plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become sick when inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what plaintiffs ' lawyers say .', SUB/ELABORATION('Buildings become sick .','Inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside .'))

Input: Scientists are only beginning to understand what causes sick-building syndrome and much of that research was unavailable when the Beebes filed the case , she said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(', Scientists are only beginning to understand what causes sick-building syndrome .', SUB/ELABORATION('Much of that research was unavailable .','The Beebes filed the case .' ), 'This was what she said .'))

Input: But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case , Ms. Adams said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Adams was Ms. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/CONDITION('But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion .','Time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case .' ), 'This was what Adams said .'))

Input: Opponents of the project had claimed that the city and the state of New York , which are co-sponsoring the project , had failed to adhere to environmental guidelines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what opponents of the project had claimed .', CO/LIST('The city had failed to adhere to environmental guidelines .','The state of New York had failed to adhere to environmental guidelines .' ), 'New York are co-sponsoring the project .'))

Input: As part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was significant litigation pending .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said as part of the agreement with the state .', CO/CONTRAST('They would not proceed with condemnation proceedings .','There was significant litigation pending .'))

Input: The plan , which has been plagued with delays and business-related setbacks , seeks to transform the area from a seedy thoroughfare to a more wholesome office and theater district .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from a seedy thoroughfare .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to a more wholesome office and theater district .','The plan seeks to transform the area .' )CO/LIST('The plan has been plagued with delays .','The plan has been plagued with business-related setbacks .')))

Input: However , Judge Weinstein wrote in his opinion late last month that terrorism and acts of war against civilians can not be defined as political acts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Weinstein was Judge .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Weinstein wrote in his opinion late last month .' ), 'Terrorism and acts of war against civilians can not be defined as political acts .'))

Input: On Oct. 22 , led by Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest exporter , they embargoed oil shipments to the U.S. and to the Netherlands , Israel 's staunchest European ally .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Saudi Arabia was the world 's largest exporter .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the U.S. and to the Netherlands , Israel 's staunchest European ally .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 22 .','They embargoed oil shipments .' ), 'Oct. 22 was led by Saudi Arabia .')))

Input: In 1956 , when Britain , France and Israel invaded Egypt to seize the Suez Canal , Arab producers cut off supplies to Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Britain , France and Israel invaded Egypt to seize the Suez Canal .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was to Europe .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1956 .','Arab producers cut off supplies .')))

Input: U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1970 and 1971 and by 1973 were declining .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','U.S. oil supplies had peaked in 1970 and 1971 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','U.S. oil supplies by 1973 were declining .'))

Input: Imports , then six million barrels a day , came primarily from Venezuela and Canada .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Politics and economics conspired .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan and Europe , far more dependent on Mideast oil than the U.S. , would n't offend the Arabs or trade off their precious supplies .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is far more dependent on Mideast oil than the U.S. .','Japan and Europe would n't offend the Arabs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is far more dependent on Mideast oil than the U.S. .','Japan and Europe would n't trade off their precious supplies .'))

Input: But car-happy Americans panicked , and so did the U.S. and other oil-consuming governments .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But car-happy Americans panicked .', CO/LIST('But car-happy Americans so did the U.S. .','But car-happy Americans so did other oil-consuming governments .'))

Input: All of us are on a base salary of $ 200,000 if the firm makes nothing -- and that 's pretty low as far as Wall Street goes , Mr. Montgoris said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Montgoris was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('All of us are on a base salary of $ 200,000 if the firm makes nothing -- and that 's pretty low as far as Wall Street goes .','This was what Montgoris said .'))

Input: Four Bear Stearns executives besides the 62-year-old Mr. Greenberg were paid $ 3 million or more before dividends for the 14 months ended in June .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenberg was Bear Stearns executives besides the 62-year-old Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was before dividends for the 14 months .','The 14 months were ended in June .' ), 'Four Greenberg were paid $ 3 million or more .'))

Input: Mr. Craven joined Morgan Grenfell as group chief executive in May 1987 , a few months after the resignations of former Chief Executive Christopher Reeves and other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in Guinness PLC 's controversial takeover of Distiller 's Co. in 1986 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Craven was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Christopher Reeves was former Chief Executive .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as group chief executive in May 1987 .','This was as a few months after the resignations of Christopher Reeves .','This was as other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in Guinness PLC 's controversial takeover of Distiller 's Co. .' ), ', Craven joined Morgan Grenfell in 1986 .')))

Input: If there 's any coincidence about the departures it 's that they are leaving at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('There 's any coincidence about the departures .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('They are leaving at a time .','The business is in reasonably good shape .' ), 'They are going forward very well .')))

Input: Last month , Morgan Grenfell announced its pretax profit rose 49.6 % to # 32.8 million in the first half , boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Morgan Grenfell announced .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 32.8 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first half .','Its pretax profit rose 49.6 % .' ), 'The first half was boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business .')))

Input: Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters .','Underwriters were led by Goldman , Sachs & Co .'))

Input: The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , according to the lead underwriter .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the lead underwriter .','The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to the lead underwriter .','The bonds are double-A by S&P .'))

Input: Pennsylvania Higher Education Facilities Authority -- approximately $ 117 million of revenue bonds for Hahnemann University , Series 1989 , due 1990-2002 , 2009 and 2019 , priced late Monday by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.282 % in 2019 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are about $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.25 % , and about $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2019 , priced at 99 to yield 7.282 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('There are about $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2009 .','There are about $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2019 .' )SUB/PURPOSE('About $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds was priced at 99 .','This was to yield 7.282 % .' ), 'About $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds was priced to yield 7.25 % .'))

Input: The zero-coupon bonds were priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 6.25 % in 1994 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 .','The zero-coupon bonds were priced to yield to maturity .'))

Input: The bonds have received a rating of double-A-1 from Moody 's , and a double-A-plus rating is expected from S&P , the underwriter said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Moody 's .','The bonds have received a rating of double-A-1 .' ), 'A double-A-plus rating is expected from S&P .' ), 'This was what the underwriter said .')

Input: The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's and SP1-plus by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bonds , rated single-A by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1992 to 7.26 % in 2019 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.26 % in 2019 .','The bonds were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1992 .' ), 'The bonds were rated single-A by Moody 's and double-A by S&P .')

Input: The offering , Series 1989-82 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities and used at-market pricing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The offering was Series 1989-82 .', CO/LIST('The offering is backed by Fannie Mae 91\/2 % securities .','The offering is used at-market pricing .'))

Input: The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to $ 30.2 billion .','The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance .' ), 'The program began in April 1987 .' ), 'The issue its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 .')

Input: Sammi Steel Co . -LRB- Korea -RRB- -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Par also said it was advised by the U.S. attorney for Maryland that it is one of a number of companies being investigated by a federal grand jury for alleged violations of the federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Par said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it was advised by the U.S. attorney for Maryland .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is one of a number of companies .',', Companies were being investigated by a federal grand jury for alleged violations of the federal Food , Drug and Cosmetic Act .')))

Input: Par , a generic-drug maker that has been plagued by management problems , was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process and a Food and Drug Administration investigation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Par was a generic-drug maker .','A generic-drug maker has been plagued by management problems .' )CO/LIST('Par was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into the drug-approval process .','Par was already the subject of a federal criminal inquiry into a Food and Drug Administration investigation .'))

Input: At the time , the company said it was recalling one of its drugs and had stopped selling two others .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said at the time .','It was recalling one of its drugs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the time .','The company had stopped selling two others .'))

Input: Also yesterday , Ashok Patel , a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 , was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 150,000 fine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Ashok Patel was a former Par official .','A former Par official pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to one year of community service .','This was to a $ 150,000 fine .' ), 'Also yesterday , Ashok Patel was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore .'))

Input: In July , Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .', CO/LIST('Par owned .','A 60 % - owned .' ), 'Unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official .'))

Input: Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had taken significant steps to restore the company 's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sawyer was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Perry Levine was chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Perry Levine said .', SUB/PURPOSE(', Sawyer had taken significant steps .','This was to restore the company 's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity .'))))

Input: What do you say we all close down the poker game , go home and bank the $ 16 billion ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: All this stuff still is in the House 's 1,878-page reconciliation bill , and many Members say they 're reluctant to pull out cherished bills , just to see them die .
Prediction: CO/LIST('All this stuff still is in the House 's 1,878-page reconciliation bill .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many Members say .','They 're reluctant to pull out cherished bills , just to see them die .'))

Input: We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men and women dickered over budgets and even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington .', CO/LIST('Honorable men and women dickered over budgets .','Honorable men and women even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for .'))

Input: Nor do we see any reason to believe that a metropolitan Washington that has gotten fat and rich and lazy in the shadow of the federal colossus will change much on its own initiative .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem C$ 675 million of government bonds maturing Nov. 1 and for general government purposes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was of government bonds and for general government purposes .','Proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem C$ 675 million .' ), 'Government bonds were maturing Nov. 1 .')

Input: Northern Trust Corp. said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids , but said it 's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Northern Trust Corp. said .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Its board adopted a shareholder rights plan .','A shareholder rights plan were aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what its board said .','It 's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern .')))

Input: Noting the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of Interferon 's genital warts treatment , National Patent said it believes Interferon 's stock is undervalued .
Prediction: CO/LIST('National Patent was noting the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of Interferon 's genital warts treatment .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what National Patent said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it believes .','Interferon 's stock is undervalued .')))

Input: But analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the market .','The rebound did n't remove the cautious mood .'))

Input: The Tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view , frequently expressed in Japan in the past few days , that the drop in New York was a local problem related to merger and acquisition activity in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view that the drop in New York was a local problem .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. .','A local problem was related to merger and acquisition activity .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past few days .','The view was frequently expressed in Japan .')))

Input: But even though Tokyo appears unharmed by recent market volatility , analysts and traders say there are still a few concerns on the horizon .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Tokyo appears unharmed by recent market volatility .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts and traders say .','There are still a few concerns on the horizon .'))

Input: Yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other large-capitalization issues , reflecting the fact that many Tokyo investors now feel safer with domestically oriented stocks , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('Yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other large-capitalization issues .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what yesterday 's buyers were reflecting the fact .','Many Tokyo investors now feel safer with domestically oriented stocks .' ), 'This was what analysts said .'))

Input: They also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen , as a weaker yen leads to higher import prices in Japan and adds to domestic inflationary pressures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen .', CO/LIST('A weaker yen leads to higher import prices in Japan .','A weaker yen adds to domestic inflationary pressures .'))

Input: In the real estate sector , Mitsui Real Estate Development was up 100 at 2,760 , and Mitsubishi Estate gained 80 to 2,360 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the real estate sector .','Mitsui Real Estate Development was up 100 at 2,760 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 2,360 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the real estate sector .','Mitsubishi Estate gained 80 .')))

Input: Volume was an active 643.3 million shares , about double the recent levels but down from 959.3 million the previous day , which U.K. traders have dubbed Manic Monday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Michael Hicks , who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull , said : It 's a nervous market .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Hicks said .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull is brokerage concern .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull .','Michael Hicks manages sales and trading .' ), 'It 's a nervous market .')))

Input: He said the current market is all about sentiment , and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The current market is all about sentiment .' ), 'The sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry .')

Input: Dealers said London showed signs of calming in midafternoon after Wall Street avoided sharp losses despite the trade report , but a wave of futures-related selling later in the session sent buyers back to the sidelines .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what dealers said .','London showed signs of calming in midafternoon after Wall Street avoided sharp losses despite the trade report .' ), 'A wave of futures-related selling later in the session sent buyers back to the sidelines .')

Input: Hambros rose 5 to 204 , and Schroders rose 25 to # 12.75 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hambros rose 5 to 204 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to # 12.75 .',', Schroders rose 25 .'))

Input: Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 , Guinness closed at 589 , down 7 , and Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 , but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 .', CO/CONTRAST(', Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 363 .','Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 .')))

Input: The most active shares were major blue-chips , particularly oils and utilities such as British Gas and British Telecommunications .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Major blue-chips were particularly oils and utilities such as British Gas .','Major blue-chips were particularly oils and utilities such as British Telecommunications .' ), 'The most active shares were major blue-chips .')

Input: British Gas finished at 197 , down 2 , on 13 million shares , British Petroleum fell 8 to 291 on 9.4 million shares , and British Telecom was 4 lower at 261 on turnover of 10 million shares .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 2 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 13 million shares .','British Gas finished at 197 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on turnover of 10 million shares .','British Telecom was 4 lower at 261 .')))

Input: In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich and posted moderate rises in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Milan .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other European markets .',', Share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Milan .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other European markets .',', Share prices posted moderate rises .')))

Input: The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada , Mich. ; a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own and operate , and two waste-water control projects in Orange County , Calif .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ada is Mich. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Orange County is Calif .','The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada ; a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own and operate , and two waste-water control projects in Orange County .'))

Input: Passive Components makes capacitors and filters used to protect electronics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Passive Components makes capacitors and filters .', CO/LIST(', Capacitors were used to protect electronics .','Filters were used to protect electronics .'))

Input: Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Consolidated Papers Inc. said .', CO/LIST('It plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment .','It plans to spend $ 495 million on facilities .'))

Input: But most investment advisers do n't recommend using married puts all the time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You always want your house insured , but you do n't always feel the need for your investments to be insured .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('You always want your house insured .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for your investments to be insured .','You do n't always feel the need .'))

Input: -- If the stock goes up in price between now and the put 's expiration date , the put will probably expire worthless .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('The stock goes up in price between now .','The stock goes up in the put 's expiration date .' ), '-- , the put will probably expire worthless .')

Input: The investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the premium , and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The investor will be out the cost of the put .','The cost of the put is called the premium .' ), 'This loss will reduce the stock-market profit .')

Input: -- If the stock stays at the same price between now and the put 's expiration date , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put , less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(CO/LIST('The stock stays at the same price between now .','The stock stays at the put 's expiration date .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was less any amount .','-- , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put .' ), 'Any amount was realized from a closing sale of the put .'))

Input: Once the stock price is less than the exercise price , or strike price , of the put , the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('The stock price is less than the exercise price .','The stock price is less than strike price , of the put .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the stock dollar for dollar .','The gain will match the loss .'))

Input: When a stock falls below the put 's strike price , the investor simply sells the stock at a loss and simultaneously sells the put at a profit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A stock falls below the put 's strike price .', CO/LIST('The investor simply sells the stock at a loss .','The investor simply simultaneously sells the put at a profit .'))

Input: For example , Tenneco Inc. pays a quarterly dividend of 76 cents , which would be received before the February option expires and , thus , reduce the cost of using the technique by that amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','Tenneco Inc. pays a quarterly dividend of 76 cents .' )CO/CONTRAST(SUB/TEMPORAL('76 cents would be received .','The February option expires .' ), '76 cents would reduce the cost of using the technique by that amount .'))

Input: Unlike options on individual issues , index options are settled only in cash , and no stock is ever tendered .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was unlike options on individual issues .','Index options are settled only in cash .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was unlike options on individual issues .','No stock is ever tendered .'))

Input: As a result , the OEX insurance may or may not fully protect an investor 's holdings in the event of a market decline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the event of a market decline .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result .','The OEX insurance may or may not fully protect an investor 's holdings .'))

Input: In addition , OEX options were suspended from trading last Friday afternoon , after the stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the S&P-500 futures contract was halted .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','OEX options were suspended from trading last Friday afternoon .' ), 'The stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the S&P-500 futures contract was halted .')

Input: But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These calculations exclude the effect of commissions paid and dividends received from the stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('These calculations exclude the effect of commissions .',', Commissions were paid .' ), 'Dividends received from the stock .')

Input: Now those items will be discussed in a House-Senate conference , which could begin as soon as today , with the expectation that they could either be resolved there or placed into other legislation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the expectation .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They could either be resolved there .','They could either placed into other legislation .' ), 'Now those items will be discussed in a House-Senate conference today .' ), 'A House-Senate conference could begin as soon as .'))

Input: Senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to President Bush by the end of the week , but Speaker Foley said that was n't likely .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .',', Senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to Bush by the end of the week .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Foley was Speaker .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Foley said .','Was n't likely .')))

Input: The developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships said preliminary results indicate that about 1,749,000 shares had been tendered , giving a preliminary proration factor of 0.6287 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships said , giving a preliminary proration factor of 0.6287 .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what preliminary results indicate .','About 1,749,000 shares had been tendered .'))

Input: Under a proposed two-step amalgamation involving share swaps , ABM Gold Corp. , a gold exploration and management company , will merge with Neptune Resources Corp. , United Gold Corp. and Inca Resources Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('ABM Gold Corp. is a gold exploration and management company .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under a proposed two-step amalgamation .','A proposed two-step amalgamation was involving share swaps .' )CO/LIST('ABM Gold Corp. will merge with Neptune Resources Corp. .','ABM Gold Corp. will merge with United Gold Corp. .','ABM Gold Corp. will merge with Inca Resources Inc .')))

Input: Northgate said it will own about 50 % of the equity and 81 % of the votes of ABM after the amalgamation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Northgate said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is after the amalgamation .', CO/LIST('It will own about 50 % of the equity .','It will own 81 % of the votes of ABM .')))

Input: The amalgamations are subject to regulatory approval and require approval by shareholders of ABM , Inca , United and Neptune at special meetings on Nov. 10 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The amalgamations are subject to regulatory approval .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is by shareholders of ABM , Inca , United and Neptune .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at special meetings on Nov. 10 .','The amalgamations require approval .')))

Input: A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears .','The nation 's export drive has stalled .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in financial markets .','A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit caused new turmoil .'))

Input: The merchandise trade deficit widened in August to $ 10.77 billion , the Commerce Department reported , a sharp deterioration from July 's $ 8.24 billion and the largest deficit of any month this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 10.77 billion .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The merchandise trade deficit widened in August .','This was what the Commerce Department reported , a sharp deterioration from July 's $ 8.24 billion and the largest deficit of any month this year .'))

Input: Like most analysts , Mr. Dennis was hesitant to read too much into one month 's numbers ; but he said , It indicates perhaps that the balance in the U.S. economy is not as good as we 've been led to believe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dennis was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it indicates perhaps .', SUB/ELABORATION('The balance in the U.S. economy is not as good .','We 've been led to believe .')))

Input: It raises questions about more deep-seated problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the seeming lack of ability to come to grips with them .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('It raises questions about more deep-seated problems .','It raises the budget deficit and the trade deficit .','It raises the seeming lack of ability .' ), 'This is to come to grips with them .')

Input: That 's still an improvement over last year , but it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That 's still an improvement over last year .', SUB/ELABORATION('It leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the federal budget deficit .', CO/LIST('We can all the mileage out of past dollar depreciation .','We can all the mileage out of past marginal cuts .'))))

Input: That 's because the budget deficit feeds an enormous appetite in this country for both foreign goods and foreign capital , overwhelming the nation 's capacity to export .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('That 's .', CO/LIST(CO/LIST('The budget deficit feeds an enormous appetite in this country for both foreign goods .','The budget deficit feeds an enormous appetite in this country for foreign capital .' ), 'The budget deficit is overwhelming the nation 's capacity to export .'))

Input: People are sick and tired of hearing about these deficits , but the imbalances are still there and they are still a problem , said Mr. Robertson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products in overseas markets and hurt the country 's competitiveness .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in overseas markets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','The rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','The rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has hurt the country 's competitiveness .')))

Input: But they foresee little substantial progress in exports unless the dollar and the federal budget deficit come down .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But they foresee little substantial progress in exports .', CO/LIST('The dollar come down .','The federal budget deficit come down .'))

Input: August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of industrial supplies , capital goods and food abroad and increases in sales of motor vehicles , parts and engines .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in sales of industrial supplies .','This was in sales of capital goods .','This was in sales of food .' ), 'August 's decline in exports reflected decreases abroad .' )CO/LIST('August 's decline in exports increases in sales of motor vehicles .','August 's decline in exports increases in sales of parts .','August 's decline in exports increases in sales of engines .'))

Input: Mr. Jobs moved to remedy a couple of his computer 's drawbacks yesterday by lowering the entry-level price for a Next machine by $ 1,500 , or 23 % , if the buyer chooses a hard-disk drive as an alternative to Next 's optical-storage device .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jobs was Mr. .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Jobs moved to remedy a couple of his computer 's drawbacks yesterday by lowering the entry-level price for a Next machine by $ 1,500 if the buyer chooses a hard-disk drive as an alternative to Next 's optical-storage device .','Jobs moved to remedy a couple of his computer 's drawbacks yesterday by lowering the entry-level price for a Next machine by 23 % , if the buyer chooses a hard-disk drive as an alternative to Next 's optical-storage device .'))

Input: Mr. Jobs , co-founder of Apple Computer Inc. , founded Next four years ago in the hopes of fomenting a revolution in the way desktop computers are designed and used .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jobs was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Co-founder of Apple Computer Inc. was Jobs .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jobs founded Next four years ago in the hopes of fomenting a revolution in the way .','Desktop computers are designed and used the way .')))

Input: But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical data-storage device that was too slow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price .','But the computer was proving a hard sell because of a lack of software .','But the computer was proving a hard sell because of an optical data-storage device .' ), 'An optical data-storage device was too slow .')

Input: Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data and make it far easier to edit film clips or audio recordings with a computer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a computer .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Optical-storage devices can make it far easier to edit film clips .','Optical-storage devices can make it far easier to edit audio recordings .')))

Input: But the technology , while reliable , is far slower than the widely used hard drives .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said that the next generation of optical drives will be as fast as hard drives , but he depends on outside suppliers for the devices .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The next generation of optical drives will be as fast as hard drives .' ), 'He depends on outside suppliers for the devices .')

Input: But university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But university computer specialists called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one .','The cutting edge of technology and one 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses .' ), 'University computer specialists welcomed the move .')

Input: Most software is distributed on cheap floppy disks , but the Next computer does n't come with a device that reads them .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Most software is distributed on cheap floppy disks .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Next computer does n't come with a device .','A device reads them .'))

Input: Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Next 's computer also needs more software applications .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jobs was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jobs said .','He expects more soon .')))

Input: He succeeds as president , Don Freeberg , who remains chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Don Freeberg is president .','He succeeds as president .' ), 'President , Don Freeberg remains chairman and chief executive officer .')

Input: Ashton-Tate Corp. reported a net loss of $ 19.4 million , or 74 cents a share , for the third quarter , which was burdened by severance costs and the expense of upgrading its database software inventories .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ashton-Tate Corp. reported a net loss of $ 19.4 million .','Ashton-Tate Corp. reported a net loss of 74 cents a share .' )CO/LIST('The third quarter was burdened by severance costs .','The third quarter was burdened by the expense of upgrading its database software inventories .')))

Input: This contrasts with the year-ago quarter , when the company had net income of $ 11.7 million , or 45 cents a share , on revenue of $ 75.7 million .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This contrasts with the year-ago quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 75.7 million .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had net income of $ 11.7 million .','The company had net income of 45 cents a share .')))

Input: For the nine months , Ashton-Tate had a loss of $ 27.6 million , or $ 1.05 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Ashton-Tate had a loss of $ 27.6 million .','Ashton-Tate had a loss of $ 1.05 a share .'))

Input: In the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 34.3 million , or $ 1.32 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago period .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The company had profit of $ 34.3 million .','The company had profit of $ 1.32 a share .'))

Input: Edward M. Esber , chairman , president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 4.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1 , and $ 1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 4.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1 .','This was to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force .' ), 'Edward M. Esber , chairman , president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline .')

Input: He added gross margins and operating profit eroded quite dramatically from the prior quarter , along with sales of existing software product lines like Multimate and Framework .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He added .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was along with sales of existing software product lines like Multimate and Framework .', CO/LIST('Gross margins eroded quite dramatically from the prior quarter .','Operating profit eroded quite dramatically from the prior quarter .')))

Input: And while the company has n't made a definite statement , it now looks like that 's not going to be anytime soon , Mr. Maxwell said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maxwell was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('The company has n't made a definite statement .', SUB/ELABORATION('And , it now looks .','That 's not going to be anytime soon .' ), 'This was what Maxwell said .')))

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for overnight use .','Reserves traded among commercial banks .'))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was usually .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more .','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks .')))

Input: The chemicals and insurance company said net in the latest quarter was $ 54.8 million , or 45 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the chemicals and insurance company said .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net in the latest quarter was $ 54.8 million .','Net in the latest quarter was 45 cents a share .'))

Input: In the year-earlier quarter , net was $ 62.2 million , or 51 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 62.2 million .','Net was 51 cents a share .'))

Input: The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was among other things .','This was among petroleum additives .','This was among pharmaceuticals ingredients .','This was among polysilicon .' ), 'The company 's chemicals interests include used by the semiconductor industry .')

Input: Net in the latest period included $ 11.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $ 6.2 million from a plant closing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from discontinued operations .','This was from a charge of $ 6.2 million .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a plant closing .','Net in the latest period included $ 11.9 million .'))

Input: Tribune Co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said net income jumped 21 % in its third quarter ended Sept. 24 on a 3 % increase in revenue .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tribune Co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its third quarter .','Its third quarter was ended Sept. 24 on a 3 % increase in revenue .' ), 'Net income jumped 21 % .'))

Input: The broadcasting and newspaper concern , based in Chicago , said net was $ 62.7 million , or 77 cents a primary share , up from $ 51.6 million , or 69 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the broadcasting and newspaper concern , based in Chicago , said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from $ 51.6 million , or 69 cents a share .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 62.7 million .','Net was 77 cents a primary share .')))

Input: Nine-month net climbed 19 % to $ 174.8 million , or $ 2.21 a primary share , from $ 147.5 million , or $ 1.94 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 174.8 million .','This was to $ 2.21 a primary share .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 147.5 million .','This was from $ 1.94 a share .' ), 'Nine-month net climbed 19 % .'))

Input: Enserch had offered one-half a share of its common and $ 1 in cash for each unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each unit .', CO/LIST('Enserch had offered one-half a share of its common .','Enserch had offered $ 1 in cash .'))

Input: As part of what a Recognition spokeswoman termed an amiable agreement , Prospect Group will wind up with control of top management posts and an increased stake in the maker of data management equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of what a Recognition spokeswoman termed an amiable agreement .', CO/LIST('Prospect Group will wind up with control of top management posts .','Prospect Group will wind up with an increased stake in the maker of data management equipment .'))

Input: In a management restructuring , Thomas L. Ringer resigned as chairman , chief executive and a director , while Israel Sheinberg resigned as a director .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a management restructuring .', CO/LIST('Thomas L. Ringer resigned as chairman .','Thomas L. Ringer resigned as chief executive .','Thomas L. Ringer resigned as a director .' ), 'Israel Sheinberg resigned as a director .'))

Input: Thomas M. Hurley and Robert A. Vanourek , who had been designated to take over Recognition 's top spots had Prospect 's tender offer succeeded , were named co-chief executives and directors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Thomas M. Hurley were named co-chief executives and directors .','Robert A. Vanourek were named co-chief executives and directors .' )CO/LIST('Thomas M. Hurley had been designated to take over Recognition 's top spots had Prospect 's tender offer succeeded .','Robert A. Vanourek had been designated to take over Recognition 's top spots had Prospect 's tender offer succeeded .'))

Input: Mr. Hurley was formerly a vice president and general manager of an Avery International division ; Mr. Vanourek was a former group vice president of Pitney Bowes Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Hurley was Mr. .','Hurley was formerly a vice president and general manager of an Avery International division .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Vanourek was Mr. .','Vanourek was a former group vice president of Pitney Bowes Inc .'))

Input: Also named to the revised board was Thomas A. Loose , Recognition 's senior vice president and general counsel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Recognition also said it obtained a commitment from Chemical Bank and Bank of Boston to convert an estimated $ 18 million in bank debt to a new , 24-month secured term loan to be repaid through the sale of certain assets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Recognition said .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from Chemical Bank and Bank of Boston .','It obtained a commitment .' ), 'This was to convert an estimated $ 18 million in bank debt to a new , 24-month secured term loan to be repaid through the sale of certain assets .'))

Input: The company attributed the loss to declining revenue and litigation costs relating to criminal charges against the company and two former executives , William G. Moore Jr. and Robert W. Reedy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to declining revenue and litigation costs .', CO/LIST('Declining revenue were relating to criminal charges against the company and two former executives , William G. Moore Jr. and Robert W. Reedy .','Litigation costs were relating to criminal charges against the company and two former executives , William G. Moore Jr. and Robert W. Reedy .' ), 'The company attributed the loss .'))

Input: Sluggish sales of the Beretta , and its four-door sister car , the Corsica , prompted GM to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Its four-door sister car was the Corsica .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sluggish sales of the Beretta , and its four-door sister car , prompted GM to idle the two plants .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a total of three weeks this month .','The two plants build the automobiles .')))

Input: The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34 % during early October .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet .', CO/LIST(', Sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was during early October .',', Sales of the vehicles fell a steep 34 % .')))

Input: Chevrolet buyers can take the rebate , or get discount financing at rates ranging from 6.9 % on 24-month loans to 10.9 % on 60-month loans .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(', Chevrolet buyers can take the rebate .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at rates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 10.9 % on 60-month loans .','Rates are ranging from 6.9 % on 24-month loans .' ), ', Chevrolet buyers can get discount financing .')))

Input: A Mesa official confirmed receipt of the offer and said directors would meet to consider it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A Mesa official confirmed receipt of the offer .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Mesa official said .','Directors would meet to consider it .'))

Input: Last week , Mesa rejected a proposal by StatesWest to acquire it or merge .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by StatesWest .','Last week , Mesa rejected a proposal .' ), 'This was to acquire it or merge .')

Input: StatesWest has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , which operates 20 twin-engine and two single-engine turboprops among 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', StatesWest has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is among 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas .','A 7.25 % stake in Mesa operates 20 twin-engine and two single-engine turboprops .'))

Input: Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Roderick D. Reed III could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison .','Roderick D. Reed III could receive a maximum sentence of a $ 250,000 fine .' ), 'Roderick D. Reed III was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth .')

Input: Mr. Reed admitted he conspired to conceal an agreement not to enforce loan guarantees executed by Dallas real-estate developers A. Starke Taylor III and George S. Watson , both of whom were FirstSouth stockholders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reed was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('A. Starke Taylor III was Dallas real-estate developers .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Reed admitted .','He conspired to conceal an agreement not to enforce loan guarantees executed by A. Starke Taylor III and George S. Watson , both of whom were FirstSouth stockholders .')))

Input: The conspiracy was part of an effort by Mr. Reed to hide FirstSouth 's shaky financial condition from federal regulators , according to federal prosecutors and regulators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by Mr. .','Reed was part of an effort .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to federal prosecutors and regulators .','The conspiracy was Reed to hide FirstSouth 's shaky financial condition from federal regulators .'))

Input: The $ 1.68 billion thrift was declared insolvent and closed in December 1986 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: FirstSouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer , Howard Weichern , is also charged with conspiring to conceal the agreements with Messrs. Watson and Taylor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Watson was the agreements with Messrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Howard Weichern was FirstSouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer .','FirstSouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer is also charged with conspiring to conceal Watson and Taylor .'))

Input: I had underestimated , however , both Mr. Gelbart 's wit and the persistence of scandal in Washington .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart was both Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Washington .', CO/LIST('I had underestimated Gelbart 's wit .','I had underestimated the persistence of scandal .'))))

Input: Onstage , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is onstage .','A congressional hearing is in progress .'))

Input: The witness table is center stage and below it , the paraphernalia for the ever-present media , in this case TNN , the Total News Network .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('TNN is this case .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is the paraphernalia for the ever-present media .', SUB/ELABORATION('TNN is the Total News Network .', CO/LIST('The witness table is center stage .','The witness table is below it in TNN .'))))

Input: Mr. Gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the interrogators and the news media -- are performers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Gelbart feels .','All the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the interrogators and the news media -- are performers .'))

Input: The man , it seems , has a Lichtenstein corporation , licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wylie Slaughter was the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency .', SUB/TEMPORAL('It can .','A lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter .')))

Input: Soon the studio is producing a $ 40 million picture called Tet , the Motion Picture , to distinguish it from Tet , the Offensive , as well as Tet , the Book and Tet , the Album .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tet was the Motion Picture .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tet was the Offensive .', SUB/ELABORATION('Tet was the Book and Tet .',', Soon the studio is producing a $ 40 million picture called Tet to distinguish it from Tet , as well as Tet the Album .')))

Input: Director Michael Engler has assembled a top-flight cast to carry out the impersonations of well-known political figures and to play the stock characters who invariably show up at congressional hearings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Michael Engler was Director .', SUB/PURPOSE('Michael Engler has assembled a top-flight cast .','This was to carry out the impersonations of well-known political figures and to play the stock characters who invariably show up at congressional hearings .'))

Input: Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff but totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness and patriotism ; Jeff Weiss is fire , brimstone and teary-eyed emotionalism as the far-right senator who serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle ; Zach Grenier is maddeningly officious playing a succession of lawyers ; Joseph Daly has the perfect aw , shucks demeanor of George Bush in his portrayal of the vice president ; and Ann McDonough is first-rate as a succession of witnesses ' wives .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Daniel von Bargen is ramrod-stiff but totally assured as Major Battle , mixing just the right brand of self-righteousness and patriotism .', SUB/ELABORATION('Jeff Weiss is fire , brimstone and teary-eyed emotionalism as the far-right senator .','The far-right senator serves as a friendly interrogator of Major Battle .' ), 'Zach Grenier is maddeningly officious playing a succession of lawyers .','Joseph Daly has the perfect aw , shucks demeanor of George Bush in his portrayal of the vice president .','Ann McDonough is first-rate as a succession of witnesses ' wives .')

Input: Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart is Mr. .', CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('It 's clear .','Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It 's also true .','He is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media .')))

Input: Mastergate is subtitled a play on words , and Mr. Gelbart plays that game as well as anyone .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mastergate is subtitled a play on words .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart is Mr. .','Gelbart plays that game as well as anyone .'))

Input: As the hearings begin , the self-important Sen. Bowman -LRB- Jerome Kilty -RRB- announces : Let me emphaticize one thing at the outset : We are not looking for hides to skin nor goats to scape .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bowman is the self-important Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The hearings begin .','Bowman -LRB- Jerome Kilty -RRB- announces : Let me emphaticize one thing at the outset : We are not looking for hides to skin nor goats to scape .'))

Input: The evening is short -- 95 minutes without an intermission -- but even so , as the play progresses the thrust of Mr. Gelbart 's satire loses its sharpness as his targets pop up ever more predictably .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart is the thrust of Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The evening is short -- 95 minutes without an intermission -- but even so .', SUB/ELABORATION('The play progresses .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart 's satire loses its sharpness .','His targets pop up ever more predictably .'))))

Input: In Mastergate , Mr. Gelbart has provided us not just one but two commodities that have all but disappeared from the Broadway theater : sharp political satire and an even sharper appreciation of the value of language .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Mastergate .', CO/LIST('Gelbart has provided us not just one but two commodities .','Gelbart has provided us sharp political satire .','Gelbart has provided us an even sharper appreciation of the value of language .' ), 'Two commodities have all but disappeared from the Broadway theater .')))

Input: The Federal National Mortgage Association set up a three-member office of the chairman and elected James A. Johnson as vice chairman , effective Jan. 1 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Federal National Mortgage Association set up a three-member office of the chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was effective Jan. 1 .','The Federal National Mortgage Association elected James A. Johnson as vice chairman .'))

Input: Mr. Johnson has been a managing director at Shearson Lehman Hutton since 1985 , and before that was president of Public Strategies , a Washington consulting firm .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Shearson Lehman Hutton .','Johnson has been a managing director since 1985 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Public Strategies was a Washington consulting firm .','Before that was president of Public Strategies .')))

Input: At Fannie Mae , he will take responsibility for the corporation 's financial and legal areas and will work with David Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer , and Roger Birk , president and chief operating officer , on strategic planning .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Fannie Mae .','He will take responsibility for the corporation 's financial and legal areas .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Fannie Mae .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is on strategic planning .','He will work with David Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer , and Roger Birk , president and chief operating officer .')))

Input: In an interview , he said Fannie Mae faces a number of challenges with the restructuring of the thrift industry and the push to broaden its activities overseas .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said in an interview .', CO/LIST('Fannie Mae faces a number of challenges with the restructuring of the thrift industry .','Fannie Mae faces a number of the push to broaden its activities overseas .'))

Input: The board has 13 members elected by holders and five presidential appointees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The board has 13 members .', CO/LIST('13 members were elected by holders .','13 members were elected by five presidential appointees .'))

Input: The New Crowd by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld -LRB- Little , Brown , 444 pages , $ 19.95 -RRB- , describes the displacing of the old our crowd Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Saul Steinberg , Carl Icahn , Sanford Weill and Bruce Wasserstein .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Little , Brown is 444 pages .', CO/LIST('The New Crowd by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld -LRB- Little , Brown $ 19.95 -RRB- , describes the displacing of the old our crowd Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Saul Steinberg .','The New Crowd by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld -LRB- Little , Brown $ 19.95 -RRB- , describes the displacing of the old our crowd Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Carl Icahn .','The New Crowd by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld -LRB- Little , Brown $ 19.95 -RRB- , describes the displacing of the old our crowd Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Sanford Weill .','The New Crowd by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld -LRB- Little , Brown $ 19.95 -RRB- , describes the displacing of the old our crowd Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Bruce Wasserstein .'))

Input: The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. when he was still a bearded liberal , and put to work as a trader , and then as a rough-and-tumble syndicator .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. .','He was still a bearded liberal .' )CO/LIST('The young John Gutfreund had been put to work as a trader .','The young John Gutfreund had been put to work as then as a rough-and-tumble syndicator .'))

Input: The book also recounts the not dissimilar maneuvers surrounding the changing of the guard at Lehman Bros. and other grand old firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The book also recounts the not dissimilar maneuvers .', SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST('This is at Lehman Bros. .','This is at other grand old firms .' ), 'The not dissimilar maneuvers are surrounding the changing of the guard .'))

Input: Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('When angered , he cursed so forcefully .', CO/LIST('His face reddened narrowed into tiny slits .','His pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits .' ), 'This is what the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman .')))

Input: But in the harsh world of today 's Wall Street they have lost out to more aggressive and sometimes less scrupulous successors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Their other staple has been corporate takeovers , often hostile and financed by junk bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was often hostile .','Their other staple has been corporate takeovers .' ), 'Their other staple has financed by junk bonds .')

Input: Sometimes they are constructive , but often not .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if a raider takes over when the stock is weak , the shareholder never gets his recovery .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('A raider takes over .','The stock is weak .' ), 'But , the shareholder never gets his recovery .')

Input: If those who have the money do n't get involved with the museums and the charities , then City Hall will do it , badly .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Those do n't get involved with the museums .','Those do n't get involved with the charities .' ), 'Those have the money .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is badly .','Then City Hall will do it .'))

Input: A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines :
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the immoral to the illegal .','A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line : .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('A handful of the New Crowd operators have ended up in the slammer : .','Paying huge fines : .'))

Input: Ivan Boesky , Dennis Levine , Martin Siegel , Victor and Steven Posner , and now Michael Milken and perhaps Leona Helmsley .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained commodity operators Marc Rich and Pinky Green , today fugitives from a potential century apiece of jail sentences .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Marc Rich was commodity operators .', SUB/ELABORATION('Marc Rich and Pinky Green were today fugitives from a potential century apiece of jail sentences .', CO/LIST('The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained Marc Rich .','The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained Pinky Green .')))

Input: Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi and endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to foreign noblemen .',', Some pretty seamy stuff endowed their daughters ' weddings .'))

Input: Mr. Boesky was a piker compared to Jay Gould and Jim Fiske , and Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing judges and legislators .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Boesky was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Boesky was a piker compared to Jay Gould .','Boesky was a piker compared to Jim Fiske .' ), ', Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing judges and legislators .'))

Input: In a generation or two some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was in a generation .','This was in two .' ), ', Some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn .'))

Input: Or perhaps Wall Street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its ethos .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Or perhaps Wall Street will realize .','Finance is a service industry .' ), 'Or perhaps Wall Street will change its ethos .' ), 'It has suffered enough .')

Input: Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Valhi said .', CO/LIST('The articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi .','The articles did n't accurately reflect its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed .'))

Input: U.S. exports benefited in August from heavy Canadian spending on new plant and equipment and a pickup in Canadian auto demand , Canadian officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from heavy Canadian spending on new plant and equipment .','This was from a pickup in Canadian auto demand .' ), 'U.S. exports benefited in August .' ), 'This was what canadian officials said .')

Input: The U.S. and Canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement .','The U.S. and Canada are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is than any other pair of nations .','The U.S. and Canada do more trade .'))

Input: The remainder were to be phased out in five or 10 annual installments , with all tariffs eliminated by January 1998 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with all tariffs .','The remainder were to be phased out in five or 10 annual installments .' ), 'All tariffs were eliminated by January 1998 .')

Input: Canadian officials said the trade pact has kindled an export interest among many small Canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what canadian officials said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among many small Canadian companies .','The trade pact has kindled an export interest .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Many small Canadian companies previously had little .','Many small Canadian companies previously had no foreign sales .')))

Input: The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in San Diego ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Miami ; Princeton , N.J. , and Denver , bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. to 27 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in San Diego ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Miami ; Princeton , N.J. , and Denver .','The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 27 .','The Canadian government also was bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. .'))

Input: Canada 's export effort has been blunted by robust home market demand and by an 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart in the past three years that has made Canadian goods more costly in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the past three years .',', Canada 's export effort has been blunted by robust home market demand and by an 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart .' ), 'An 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart in the past three years has made Canadian goods more costly in the U.S. .')

Input: The system provides radar-threat warning and electronic jamming capabilities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The defense electronics maker said delivery will begin in October 1991 and run through mid-1995 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the defense electronics maker said .', CO/LIST('Delivery will begin in October 1991 .','Delivery will run through mid-1995 .'))

Input: Gold Texas is based in Vancouver , British Columbia , and Crown Resources is based in Denver .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Texas was Gold .','Texas is based in Vancouver , British Columbia .' ), ', Crown Resources is based in Denver .')

Input: Bank of New England Corp. , seeking to streamline its business after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems , said it will sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bank of New England Corp. said .', CO/LIST('It will sell some operations .','It will lay off 4 % of its work force .'))

Input: Walter Connolly , chairman , said in an interview that the company expects to record pretax gains of $ 100 million to $ 125 million from the sale of its leasing operations and of certain financial processing services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Walter Connolly was chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Walter Connolly said in an interview .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the sale of its leasing operations and of certain financial processing services .','The company expects to record pretax gains of $ 100 million to $ 125 million .')))

Input: Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 900 million , or 3.52 % of loans and leases , from $ 667 million , or 2.68 % , at the end of the second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the end of the second quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 667 million .','This was from 2.68 % .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to $ 900 million .','Nonperforming assets continued to pile up in the latest quarter , rising to 3.52 % of loans and leases .')))

Input: Some $ 170 million of the $ 233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate , and roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England market , according to Richard Driscoll , vice chairman .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some $ 170 million of the $ 233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate .', SUB/ELABORATION('Richard Driscoll was vice chairman .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Richard Driscoll .','Roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England market .')))

Input: Among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the bank said among other restructuring measures .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia .','It will close its loan production offices .'))

Input: In an internal memorandum to employees , Messrs. Connolly and Driscoll described the restructuring as an effort to continue rationalizing operations assembled during a series of mergers over the past five years .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as an effort .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an internal memorandum to employees .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Connolly was Messrs. .',', Connolly and Driscoll described the restructuring .' ), 'This was to continue rationalizing operations assembled during a series of mergers over the past five years .')))

Input: Italy 's wholesale price index rose 0.4 % in August from July and was up 6.1 % from a year earlier , the state statistical institute reported .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from July .','Italy 's wholesale price index rose 0.4 % .' ), 'Italy 's wholesale price index was up 6.1 % from a year earlier .' ), 'This was what the state statistical institute reported .'))

Input: The index registered 196.1 in August , compared with 195.4 in July and with 184.9 in August 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July and with 184.9 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August 1988 .','This was compared with 195.4 .' ), 'The index registered 196.1 .')))

Input: The index has a base of 100 set in 1980 and is n't seasonally adjusted .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The index has a base of 100 .','100 was set in 1980 .' ), 'The index is n't seasonally adjusted .')

Input: U.S. steel imports in August fell 14 % from a year earlier to 1,531,000 tons , according to the American Iron and Steel Institute .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 1,531,000 tons .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the American Iron and Steel Institute .','U.S. steel imports in August fell 14 % .')))

Input: The trade group 's compilation of Commerce Department data showed that August imports , the second largest monthly total of the year , were up 5 % from July 's 1,458,000 tons but below last year 's high of 1,979,000 tons in June 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('August imports were the second largest monthly total of the year .', SUB/ELABORATION('The trade group 's compilation of Commerce Department data showed .','August imports were up 5 % from July 's 1,458,000 tons but below last year 's high of 1,979,000 tons in June 1988 .'))

Input: August imports claimed 18.5 % of the U.S. market , compared with 19.3 % in July and 20.5 % in August 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was compared with 19.3 % in July .','This was compared with 20.5 % in August 1988 .' ), 'August imports claimed 18.5 % of the U.S. market .')

Input: How soon Wang will stage a comeback , or if it will at all , are still matters of debate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Wang salespeople are trying to cope with the biggest challenge any marketer can face : selling the products of a company that is on the ropes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('But Wang salespeople are trying to cope with the biggest challenge .','Any marketer can face : selling the products of a company the biggest challenge .' ), 'A company is on the ropes .')

Input: Consider the difficulties faced by Audi salespeople when the car was tainted by false charges of sudden acceleration , or Exxon dealers ' problems in the wake of the Valdez oil spill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last year it funded its high employment by heavy borrowing , and it suffered huge losses when sales turned down instead of rising .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by heavy borrowing .','Last year it funded its high employment .' )SUB/ELABORATION('It suffered huge losses .',', Sales turned down instead of rising .'))

Input: Instead , he says , if the salespeople can get the customers to consider Wang 's products on their merits , he or a top financial officer will try to assuage the fears about finances .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on their merits .','The salespeople can get the customers to consider Wang 's products .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is about finances .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Instead , he says , he will try to assuage the fears .','Instead , he says , a top financial officer will try to assuage the fears .')))

Input: Numerous computer companies are having sales slumps and earnings declines , but very few have had losses comparable to Wang 's or are carrying such a large debt load .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Numerous computer companies are having sales .',', Slumps and earnings declines sales .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Very few have had losses comparable to Wang 's .','Very few are carrying such a large debt load .'))

Input: Mr. Miller says that after a sharp sales slump in July and August , sales stabilized in September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Miller was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Miller says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after a sharp sales slump in July and August .',', Sales stabilized in September .')))

Input: If a salesman jeopardizes his credibility in this time of trouble , it will be a problem for the long run , says George Palmatier , a Minden , Nev. , sales consultant and author of The Marketing Edge .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , says John Sullivan , a management recruiter with Daniel Roberts Inc. of Boston , who has held senior sales positions at Polaroid and Atari : The customer will react to strength .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John Sullivan is a management recruiter with Daniel Roberts Inc. of Boston .', CO/LIST(', Still , says John Sullivan , who has held senior sales positions at Polaroid and Atari .','The customer will react to strength .'))

Input: Wang 's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable , wellrun companies that will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Data processing managers are wellrun companies .','Wellrun companies will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come .' ), 'Data processing managers want to be sure that their suppliers are stable .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Wang 's customers are data processing managers .','Data processing managers want to be sure that their suppliers are stable .'))

Input: During the past year , Wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the past year .', CO/LIST('Wang has developed new products .','Wang has developed a new strategy .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the past year .','Wang hired a new president .')))

Input: But even before Wang 's latest financial troubles surfaced , some customers were trying to wall off their Wang installations so other departments would n't add Wang , says Chris Christiansen , a former Wang marketer who is now a market analyst with Meta Group , a market research firm in Stamford , Conn .
Prediction: NONE

Input: William Tait , a former sales manager in Indianapolis , says that his office had all but sold a $ 1.5 million image system to pharmaceutical maker Eli Lilly & Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eli Lilly & Co was pharmaceutical maker .', SUB/ELABORATION('William Tait was a former sales manager in Indianapolis .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what William Tait says .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Eli Lilly & Co .','His office had all but sold a $ 1.5 million image system .'))))

Input: You think you can go out and turn things around .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what you think .', CO/LIST('You can go out .','You can turn things around .'))

Input: Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , sales and management consultant and author of Ready , Aim , You 're Hired , says : The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Paul Hellman is a Framingham , Mass. , sales and management consultant and author of Ready , Aim .','Paul Hellman , You 're Hired , says .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The bad news is .','You 'll be rejected more .'))

Input: But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Miller was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Miller was Wang 's new president .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was about negativism .','But Miller recently warned his salespeople .')))

Input: Mr. Blinder said the change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles , which have included sharp declines in earnings , run-ins with the securities regulators and lawsuits by former customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Blinder was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Blinder said .','The change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles .' )CO/LIST('The brokerage 's recent troubles have included sharp declines in earnings .','The brokerage 's recent troubles have included run-ins with the securities regulators .','The brokerage 's recent troubles have included lawsuits by former customers .')))

Input: Net was $ 24 million , or $ 1.15 a share , up from $ 19 million , or 90 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from $ 19 million , or 90 cents a share , a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 24 million .','Net was $ 1.15 a share .'))

Input: The company said the gains were tied to volume increases and higher prices .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('The gains were tied to volume increases .','The gains were tied to higher prices .'))

Input: The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses , which was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses .','The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain .' ), 'The sale of ammonia and urea businesses was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures .')

Input: GTE Corp. and MCI Communications Corp. reported strong earnings gains to record levels for the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to record levels .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter .', CO/LIST('GTE Corp. reported strong earnings gains .','MCI Communications Corp. reported strong earnings gains .')))

Input: Southwestern Bell Corp. and Cincinnati Bell posted slight declines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: GTE said net income rose 18 % , aided by higher long-distance calling volumes and an increase in telephone lines in service .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what GTE said .', CO/LIST('Net income rose 18 % .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in telephone lines in service .', CO/LIST('Net income was aided by higher long-distance calling volumes .','Net income was aided by an increase .'))))

Input: The company said the quarter included a 10 % increase in local-exchange usage for long-distance calling and a 5 % increase in the number of access lines in service .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was in local-exchange usage for long-distance calling .','This was in a 5 % increase in the number of access lines .' ), 'The quarter included a 10 % increase in service .'))

Input: Earlier rate reductions in Texas and California reduced the quarter 's revenue and operating profit $ 55 million ; a year earlier , operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Earlier rate reductions in Texas and California reduced the quarter 's revenue and operating profit $ 55 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .','Operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization .'))

Input: Revenue in the telecommunications products and services unit rose 27 % to $ 728.8 million , but operating profit was unchanged at $ 26.3 million , partly because of start-up expenses .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 728.8 million .','Revenue in the telecommunications products and services unit rose 27 % .' ), 'Operating profit was unchanged at $ 26.3 million , partly because of start-up expenses .')

Input: Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by lower domestic prices and the impact of weaker currencies in Europe and South America .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 504.5 million .', SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with higher world-wide lighting volume .', CO/LIST('Higher world-wide lighting volume was offset by lower domestic prices .','Higher world-wide lighting volume was offset by the impact of weaker currencies in Europe and South America .' ), 'Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million .')))

Input: The company said that residential traffic grew faster than business traffic and attributed that to its new PrimeTime calling plan that competes with American Telephone & Telegraph 's Reach Out America plan .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/LIST('Residential traffic grew faster than business traffic .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to its new PrimeTime calling plan .','Residential traffic attributed that .' ), 'Its new PrimeTime calling plan competes with American Telephone & Telegraph 's Reach Out America plan .')))

Input: Southwestern Bell Corp. said net dropped 8.7 % , mainly the result of four extraordinary items : a franchise tax refund that its Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. unit received last year ; a production shift of several Yellow Pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third ; a rate refund in Missouri and a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Southwestern Bell Corp. said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was mainly .', CO/LIST('Net dropped 8.7 % the result of four extraordinary items .','Net dropped 8.7 % a franchise tax refund that its Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. unit received last year .','Net dropped 8.7 % a production shift of several Yellow Pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third .','Net dropped 8.7 % a rate refund in Missouri .','Net dropped 8.7 % a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues .')))

Input: Chairman Zane E. Barnes said Southwestern Bell 's businesses are healthy and are continuing to grow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zane E. Barnes was Chairman .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Zane E. Barnes said .', CO/LIST(', Southwestern Bell 's businesses are healthy .',', Southwestern Bell 's businesses are continuing to grow .')))

Input: The company reported a 3.1 % increase in the number of access lines in service , and also said its Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems unit added 30,000 new customers , with a current total of about 333,000 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the number of access lines .','The company reported a 3.1 % increase in service .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a current total of about 333,000 .','Its Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems unit added 30,000 new customers .')))

Input: These include , among other parts , each jetliner 's two major bulkheads , a pressure floor , torque box , fixed leading edges for the wings and an aft keel beam .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was among other parts .', CO/LIST('These include each jetliner 's two major bulkheads .','These include a pressure floor .','These include torque box .','These include fixed leading edges for the wings .','These include an aft keel beam .'))

Input: Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('El Segundo is Calif. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rockwell is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern .','Rockwell is based in El Segundo .'))

Input: Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Balcor Co. was a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 42 years old .','Thomas E. Meador was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. .'))

Input: In addition to his previous real-estate investment and asset-management duties , Mr. Meador takes responsibility for development and property management .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Meador is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to his previous real-estate investment and asset-management duties .','This is in addition .' ), 'Meador takes responsibility for development and property management .'))

Input: Great American Bank , citing depressed Arizona real estate prices , posted a third-quarter loss of $ 59.4 million , or $ 2.48 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Great American Bank posted a third-quarter loss of $ 59.4 million .','Great American Bank posted a third-quarter loss of $ 2.48 a share .' ), 'Great American Bank was citing depressed Arizona real estate prices .')

Input: A year earlier , the savings bank had earnings of $ 8.1 million , or 33 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a year earlier .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The savings bank had earnings of $ 8.1 million .','The savings bank had earnings of 33 cents a share .'))

Input: Look at what happened to UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , and its chief financial officer , John C. Pope .
Prediction: NONE

Input: On a day some United Airlines employees wanted Mr. Wolf fired and takeover stock speculators wanted his scalp , Messrs. Wolf and Pope saw their prospective personal fortunes continue to plummet as shares of UAL , United 's parent company , dived $ 24.875 on the Big Board to close at $ 198 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf was Messrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Shares of UAL were United 's parent company .', SUB/ELABORATION('On a day some United Airlines employees wanted Wolf fired and takeover stock speculators wanted his scalp , Wolf and Pope saw .','Their prospective personal fortunes continue to plummet as shares of UAL dived $ 24.875 on the Big Board to close at $ 198 .'))))

Input: Mr. Wolf owns 75,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 250,000 at $ 83.3125 each .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wolf is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Wolf owns 75,000 UAL shares .','Wolf has options to buy another 250,000 at $ 83.3125 each .'))

Input: He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million , and UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus when it hired him .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus .','It hired him .'))

Input: United paid him a $ 375,000 bonus to lure him away from American Airlines , and he was paid a salary of $ 342,122 last year with a $ 280,000 bonus .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/PURPOSE('United paid him a $ 375,000 bonus .','This was to lure him away from American Airlines .' ), 'He was paid a salary of $ 342,122 last year with a $ 280,000 bonus .')

Input: Mr. Pope owns 10,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 150,000 at $ 69 each .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pope is Mr. .', CO/LIST('Pope owns 10,000 UAL shares .','Pope has options to buy another 150,000 at $ 69 each .'))

Input: That came to a combined $ 37.7 million under the $ 300-a-share buy-out , but just $ 21.3 million at yesterday 's close .
Prediction: NONE

Input: United 's directors voted themselves , and their spouses , lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel , and $ 20,000 a year for life as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for life .', CO/LIST('United 's directors voted themselves as well .','United 's directors voted their spouses , lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel , and $ 20,000 a year as well .'))

Input: Thomas H. Johnson , president of the Coatedboard division of Mead Corp. , was named president of Manville Forest Products Corp. , a Manville unit , and senior vice president of Manville Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thomas H. Johnson was president of the Coatedboard division of Mead Corp. .', CO/LIST('Thomas H. Johnson was named president of Manville Forest Products Corp. .','Thomas H. Johnson was named president of a Manville unit .','Thomas H. Johnson was named president of senior vice president of Manville Corp .'))

Input: He will also remain a director , US Facilities said , but wo n't serve on any board committees .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('He will also remain a director .','This was what US Facilities said .' ), 'He will also remain a director , US Facilities wo n't serve on any board committees .')

Input: Mr. Percival will be succeeded on an interim basis by George Kadonada , US Facilities chairman and president .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Percival was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('George Kadonada was US Facilities chairman .','George Kadonada was president .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by George Kadonada .','Percival will be succeeded on an interim basis .')))

Input: Merck & Co. reported a 25 % increase in earnings ; Warner-Lambert Co. 's profit rose 22 % and Eli Lilly & Co. 's net income rose 24 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Merck & Co. reported a 25 % increase in earnings .', SUB/ELABORATION('Warner-Lambert Co. 's profit rose .', CO/LIST('22 % rose 24 % .','Eli Lilly & Co. 's net income rose 24 % .')))

Input: Merck , Rahway , N.J. , continued to lead the industry with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Merck was Rahway , N.J. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment .','Merck continued to lead the industry .'))

Input: Intense competition , however , led to unit sales declines for a group of Merck 's established human and animal-health products , including Aldomet and Indocin .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for a group of Merck 's established human and animal-health products .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Aldomet and Indocin .','Intense competition led to unit sales declines .')))

Input: The segment 's growth was led by sales of the cardiovascular drugs Lopid , a lipid regulator , and Dilzem , a calcium channel blocker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dilzem was a calcium channel blocker .', CO/LIST('The segment 's growth was led by sales of the cardiovascular drugs Lopid .','The segment 's growth was led by sales of a lipid regulator .','The segment 's growth was led by sales of Dilzem .'))

Input: Higher sales of pesticides and other plant-science products more than offset a slight decline in the sales of animal-health products to fuel the increase in world-wide agricultural product sales , Lilly said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the sales of animal-health products .','Higher sales of pesticides and other plant-science products more than offset a slight decline .' ), 'This is to fuel the increase in world-wide agricultural product sales .' ), 'This was what Lilly said .')

Input: Advanced Cardiovascular Systems Inc. and Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. units led growth in the medical-instrument systems division .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the medical-instrument systems division .', CO/LIST('Advanced Cardiovascular Systems Inc. led growth .',', Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. units led growth .'))

Input: Reuben Mark , chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is comfortable with analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Reuben Mark was chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Reuben Mark said .', SUB/ELABORATION('He is comfortable with analysts ' estimates .','Third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share .')))

Input: The per-share estimates mean the consumer-products company 's net income , increased to between $ 69.5 million and $ 76 million , from $ 47.1 million the year-before period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from $ 47.1 million the year-before period .','The per-share estimates mean the consumer-products company 's net income .' ), 'The consumer-products company 's net income was increased to between $ 69.5 million and $ 76 million .')

Input: Mr. Mark attributed the earnings growth to strong sales in Latin America , Asia and Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mark was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to strong sales .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Latin America , Asia and Europe .','Mark attributed the earnings growth .')))

Input: Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal-care businesses jumped 25 % in the quarter , Mr. Mark added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mark was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the quarter .','Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal-care businesses jumped 25 % , Mark added .'))

Input: He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .', SUB/ELABORATION('The improvement was a result of cost savings .',', Cost savings were achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities .'))

Input: Colgate 's household products business , which includes such brands as Fab laundry detergent and Ajax cleanser , has been a weak performer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Colgate 's household products business has been a weak performer .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is as Fab laundry detergent .','This is as Ajax cleanser .' ), ', Colgate 's household products business includes such brands .'))

Input: Analysts estimate Colgate 's sales of household products in the U.S. were flat for the quarter , and they estimated operating margins at only 1 % to 3 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts estimate .',', Colgate 's sales of household products in the U.S. were flat for the quarter .' ), 'They estimated operating margins at only 1 % to 3 % .')

Input: If you could say their business in the U.S. was mediocre , but great everywhere else , that would be fine , says Bonita Austin , an analyst with Wertheim Schroder & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 've done a lot to improve -LCB- U.S. . -RCB- results , and a lot more will be done , Mr. Mark said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mark was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('We 've done a lot to improve -LCB- U.S. . -RCB- results .','A lot more will be done .' ), 'This was what Mark said .'))

Input: H. Anthony Ittleson was elected a director of this company , which primarily has interests in radio and television stations , increasing the number of seats to five .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('H. Anthony Ittleson was elected a director of this company .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to five .','H. Anthony Ittleson was increasing the number of seats .' ), 'This company primarily has interests in radio and television stations .'))

Input: The Boston Globe says its newly redesigned pages have a crisper look with revamped fixtures aimed at making the paper more consistent and easier to read .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Boston Globe says .', SUB/ELABORATION('Its newly redesigned pages have a crisper look with revamped fixtures .','Revamped fixtures were aimed at making the paper more consistent and easier to read .'))

Input: I thought -LCB- the drawing -RCB- a cross between someone you 'd spot whipping open his trench coat ... or a guy who boasted he 'd been Charles Manson 's roommate for the last 19 years , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('I thought -LCB- the drawing -RCB- a cross between someone ... or a guy .','You 'd spot whipping open his trench coat someone .' )SUB/ELABORATION('A guy boasted .','He 'd been Charles Manson 's roommate for the last 19 years .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , said Mr. Barnicle .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This global warming must have been entirely natural -- nobody would blame it on a few hundred thousand hunter-gatherers hunting mammoths and scratching around in caves .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This global warming must have been entirely natural .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is on a few hundred thousand hunter-gatherers .','Nobody would blame it .' )CO/LIST('Nobody is hunting mammoths .','Nobody is scratching around in caves .')))

Input: In addition , the tax-collecting agency says that it will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee daily finances and a chief information officer to update the information system , which includes probably the largest computer data base in the world .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the tax-collecting agency says in addition .', CO/LIST('It will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee daily finances to update the information system .','It will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee a chief information officer to update the information system .' ), 'The information system includes probably the largest computer data base in the world .'))

Input: And we do n't have internal controls and discipline that we need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('And we do n't have internal controls .','And we do n't have discipline .' ), 'We need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly .')

Input: Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Goldberg was Mr. .','Goldberg has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Goldberg was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .','Goldberg took over as head of the IRS .')))

Input: And the agency , which operated throughout fiscal 1989 with a $ 360 million budget shortfall , has been under a hiring freeze since last fall .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the agency has been under a hiring freeze since last fall .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a $ 360 million budget shortfall .','The agency operated throughout fiscal 1989 .'))

Input: When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds , a cracked skull and broken legs and ribs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moises Giroldi was Maj. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Moises Giroldi was the leader of the abortive coup in Panama .', SUB/ELABORATION('Moises Giroldi was buried .', CO/LIST('His body bore several gunshot wounds .','His body bore a cracked skull .','His body bore broken legs and ribs .'))))

Input: The rebel officer 's slow and painful death , at the headquarters of Panama 's Battalion-2000 squad , was personally supervised by Gen. Noriega , says a U.S. official with access to intelligence reports .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full-time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother , Norma .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Norma is her mother .', SUB/ELABORATION('His meals are most often prepared by women -- his full-time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother .','He trusts women .'))

Input: And he is collecting the names of those who telephoned the coup-makers to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And he is collecting the names of those .', SUB/PURPOSE('Those telephoned the coup-makers .','This was to congratulate them during their brief time in control of his headquarters .'))

Input: But U.S. intelligence , rather than rein in or cut loose its new spy , merely filed the report away .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/CONTRAST('This was .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This rein in .','This cut loose its new spy .' ), 'But U.S. intelligence merely filed the report away .'))

Input: The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The U.S. has befriended .','The U.S. has later turned against many dictators .' ), 'The U.S. none quite so resourceful .')

Input: The 55-year-old Mr. Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran , as well-born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza , as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is The 55-year-old Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as well-born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza .','Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier .'))

Input: Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .','Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation .' )CO/LIST('Increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression .','Increasing external pressure has only given him a scapegoat for his own mismanagement .'))

Input: If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing , he might not have made it through 1988 , Mr. Moss contends .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moss is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is through 1988 .','If the U.S. had sat back and done nothing , he might not have made it , Moss contends .'))

Input: Mr. Noriega often tells friends that patience is the best weapon against the gringos , who have a short attention span and little stomach for lasting confrontation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Noriega tells friends .','Patience is the best weapon against the gringos .' ), 'The gringos have a short attention span and little stomach for lasting confrontation .'))

Input: Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the leftist tendencies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was among his officers and instructors .','Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was more important .','He observed among his fellow students and .')))

Input: Tony was four years older than most of his fellow cadets , and gained admission to the academy because his brother had falsified his birth certificate .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tony was four years older than most of his fellow cadets .', SUB/CAUSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the academy .','Tony gained admission .' ), 'His brother had falsified his birth certificate .'))

Input: He had an elegant uniform with gold buttons in a country where there was a cult of militarism , where officers were the elite with special privileges , recalls Darien Ayala , a fellow student in Peru and a lifelong friend .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Noriega 's relationship to American intelligence agencies became contractual in either 1966 or 1967 , intelligence officials say .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Noriega 's relationship to American intelligence agencies became contractual in either 1966 or 1967 .','This is what Intelligence officials say .'))

Input: Mr. Noriega 's initial retainer was only $ 50 to $ 100 a month , plus occasional gifts of liquor or groceries from the American PX , a former intelligence official says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the American PX .','Noriega 's initial retainer was only $ 50 to $ 100 a month , plus occasional gifts of liquor or groceries .' ), 'This is what a former intelligence official says .'))

Input: By pressuring taxi and bus drivers who needed licenses , he gained a ready cache of information .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('He was pressuring taxi and bus drivers .','Taxi and bus drivers needed licenses .' ), 'He gained a ready cache of information .')

Input: Noriega was an expert at bribing and blackmailing people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But through this period , so far as the U.S. military was concerned , Mr. Noriega was a model recruit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far as the U.S. military was concerned .', SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was this period .','But through Noriega was a model recruit .')))

Input: Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a sign of loyalty .',', Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness .' ), 'They did so falsely .')

Input: He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Torrijos was Gen. .', CO/LIST('He became Torrijos 's inseparable shadow .','He became the holder of all Panama 's secrets .'))

Input: Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by now .','Noriega a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts .' ), 'This was to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking .'))

Input: They included one of Mr. Noriega 's closest friends and business partners , Carlos Wittgreen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Noriega 's closest friends were Carlos Wittgreen .','Business partners were Carlos Wittgreen .' )CO/LIST('They included one of Noriega 's closest friends .','They included business partners .')))

Input: Dade County and federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Dade County , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans .','Federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans .' ), 'This was to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil .')

Input: Their original indictment against Mr. Wittgreen , the friend of Mr. Noriega , and the other four was dismissed on a technicality .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wittgreen was Their original indictment against Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was the friend of Mr. .','Wittgreen , Noriega , and the other four was dismissed on a technicality .'))

Input: But now , along with reindicting Mr. Noriega 's pal , they intended to charge Mr. Noriega himself , on allegations that he was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('But now , they was reindicting Noriega 's pal .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on allegations .','He was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms .' ), 'But now , they intended to charge Noriega himself .')))

Input: In January 1980 , Jerome Sanford , as assistant U.S. attorney , was summoned to a meeting with a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent assigned to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms in Miami .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Miami .','This was with a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent assigned to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in January 1980 .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was as assistant U.S. attorney .','Jerome Sanford was summoned to a meeting .')))

Input: Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was soon .','The military became a veritable mafia .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was soon .','The military was controlling legal and illegal businesses .'))

Input: Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency .','This was from the CIA .' ), 'Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year .')

Input: During the Reagan years he expanded his business and intelligence contacts with the Cubans and the Sandinistas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with the Cubans .','This was with the Sandinistas .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the Reagan years .','He expanded his business and intelligence contacts .'))

Input: But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And on at least one occasion , in the spring of 1985 , he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the spring of 1985 .','And on at least one occasion he helped arrange a sabotage attack .'))

Input: Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was like a violin .', CO/LIST('Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies .','Noriega played the U.S. government .' ), 'This is what he says .'))

Input: But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 to a Contra leader , according to documents released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a Contra leader .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to documents .','But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 .' ), 'Documents were released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C .'))

Input: Mr. Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora , his most outspoken political opponent and the first man to publicly finger Mr. Noriega on drug trafficking charges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was finger .', CO/LIST('Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora .','Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 his most outspoken political opponent .','Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the first man to publicly Noriega on drug trafficking charges .')))

Input: As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the -LCB- U.S. . -RCB- ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents .','Government documents were released for the North trial .' ), 'This was what Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the -LCB- U.S. . -RCB- ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces .'))

Input: The representative responded that Noriega had numerous assets in place in Nicaragua and could accomplish many essential things , just as Noriega had helped -LCB- the U.S. . -RCB- the previous year in blowing up a Sandinista arsenal .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the representative responded , just as Noriega had helped -LCB- the U.S. . -RCB- the previous year in blowing up a Sandinista arsenal .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Nicaragua .','Noriega had numerous assets in place .' ), 'Noriega could accomplish many essential things .'))

Input: And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shultz was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shultz told Abrams .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the general should be told .','He could repair his tarnished image .')))

Input: The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Casey was CIA Director .', SUB/PURPOSE('The death of William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces .','This was to gain influence .'))

Input: Now , neither side -- the U.S. nor Mr. Noriega -- has an easy out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is the U.S. nor Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','Neither side -- Noriega -- has an easy out .'))

Input: Mr. Noriega believes he has n't any alternative but to continue clutching to power .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Noriega believes .','He has n't any alternative but to continue clutching to power .'))

Input: In the end , is Mr. Noriega the political equivalent of Frankenstein 's monster , created by a well-intentioned but misguided foreign power ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: UPJOHN Co. reported that third-quarter net income rose to $ 96 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what UPJOHN Co. reported .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 89.6 million a year earlier .','This was from 49 cents a share , a year earlier .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Third-quarter net income rose to $ 96 million .','Third-quarter net income rose to 52 cents a share .')))

Input: The Federal Reserve Board said output of the nation 's factories , mines and utilities expanded at an annual rate of 1.3 % in the third quarter , substantially slower than the 3.3 % annual rate in the second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Federal Reserve Board said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was substantially slower than the 3.3 % annual rate in the second quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter .','Output of the nation 's factories , mines and utilities expanded at an annual rate of 1.3 % .')))

Input: The new reports of sluggishness , which were foreshadowed by an earlier Labor Department report that manufacturing payrolls dropped by 105,000 in September , give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on credit and lower interest rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The new reports of sluggishness give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on credit .','The new reports of sluggishness give the Fed another reason to further ease its grip on lower interest rates .' ), 'The new reports of sluggishness were foreshadowed by an earlier Labor Department report that manufacturing payrolls dropped by 105,000 in September .')

Input: Factories operated at 83.7 % of capacity , the lowest rate in more than a year and down from 84.1 % in September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Capacity was the lowest rate .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in more than a .','Factories operated at 83.7 % of capacity year .' ), 'Factories down from 84.1 % in September .'))

Input: Robin Honiss , president and chief executive officer of this bank holding company , was elected to the additional posts of chairman , president and chief executive of the company 's New England Savings Bank subsidiary .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males and white and black women also show lower mortality rates .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The drop is particularly large for white males .', CO/LIST('Black males also show lower mortality rates .','White and black women also show lower mortality rates .'))

Input: The National Cancer Institute report compares mortality rates of two groups of people between the ages of 35 and 44 a decade apart .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The death rate from lung cancer of white males aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s was 13.4 per 100,000 , but the mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 , a decline of 28.7 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The death rate from lung cancer of white males was 13.4 per 100,000 .','White males were aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s .' )SUB/ELABORATION('9.6 was a decline of 28.7 % .','The mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 .'))

Input: Although lung-cancer mortality rates are increasing for the nation as a whole , the report projects that death rates will begin to decline in the 1990s for men and after the year 2000 for women .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Lung-cancer mortality rates are increasing for the nation as a whole .', SUB/ELABORATION('The report projects .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for women .','Death rates will begin to decline in the 1990s for men and after the year 2000 .')))

Input: Lung-cancer mortality rates increase with age and are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 , with sharp increases for everybody but white men .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lung-cancer mortality rates increase with age .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with sharp increases for everybody but white men .','Lung-cancer mortality rates are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 .'))

Input: Even though these favorable trends in lung-cancer mortality affect all sex and race groups , they ca n't be taken for granted , the report says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('These favorable trends in lung-cancer mortality affect all sex and race groups .','They ca n't be taken for granted .' ), 'This is what the report says .')

Input: An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking .
Prediction: CO/LIST('An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality among young men .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Women in the U.S. indicates .','We finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking .'))

Input: Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior around the world , the editorial says , through the enactment of laws that limit advertising , boost tobacco prices and promote anti-smoking education .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was around the world .','Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior , the editorial says , through the enactment of laws .' ), 'Laws limit advertising .' ), 'Non-smoking should boost tobacco prices .','Non-smoking should promote anti-smoking education .')

Input: According to the American Cancer Society , smoking is responsible for 85 % of the lung-cancer cases among men and 75 % among women .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to the American Cancer Society .', CO/LIST(', Smoking is responsible for 85 % of the lung-cancer cases among men .',', Smoking is responsible for 85 % of 75 % among women .'))

Input: While nearly equal percentages of black and white women currently smoke , in both sexes more whites have given up smoking than blacks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in both sexes .','Nearly equal percentages of black and white women currently smoke .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was than blacks .','More whites have given up smoking .'))

Input: In comparing changes in mortality rates over the past decade , the NCI study looked only at blacks and whites .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in mortality rates over the past decade .','The NCI study was comparing changes .' ), 'The NCI study looked only at blacks and whites .')

Input: Asians and native Americans were n't studied ; Hispanics were included with whites .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST('Asians were n't studied .','Native Americans were n't studied .' ), 'Hispanics were included with whites .')

Input: As vice president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations staff to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , said John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Womack , 53 years old , has been with the big producer of household products , food and pharmaceuticals for 30 years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Womack was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 30 years .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was 53 years old .','Womack has been with the big producer of household products , food and pharmaceuticals .')))

Input: The forces at work included computer-guided trading , as well as profit-driven market makers and institutional investors who had bought stock on the cheap during the recent correction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The forces at work included computer-guided trading , as well as profit-driven market makers .','The forces at work included computer-guided trading , as well as institutional investors .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the recent correction .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the cheap .','Institutional investors had bought stock .')))

Input: The Nasdaq 100 Index began the day at 449.89 , lost 2 % at one point , and was up 0.4 % at another .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at 449.89 .','The Nasdaq 100 Index began the day .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was at one point .','The Nasdaq 100 Index lost 2 % .' ), 'The Nasdaq 100 Index was up 0.4 % at another .')

Input: Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit , he and other traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Most of trading action now is from professional traders .','Professional traders are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit .' ), 'This was what he and other traders said .')

Input: Everybody 's confused and no one has an opinion that lasts longer than 30 seconds , said Mr. Zipper .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Advancing and declining issues finished about even .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The stock , which finished Monday at 29 1\/2 , traded as high as 29 3\/4 and as low as 28 3\/4 before closing at 29 1\/4 , down 1\/4 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 1\/4 .', CO/LIST('The stock traded as high as 293\/4 .','The stock traded as high as as low as 283\/4 before closing at 291\/4 .' ), 'The stock finished Monday at 291\/2 .'))

Input: In addition , Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Ralph Ingersoll II was 43 .','Ralph Ingersoll II was chairman .','Ralph Ingersoll II was chief executive .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ralph Ingersoll II said in addition .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is as editor in chief of the company .','He would take on additional responsibilities .')))

Input: Also , Jean B. Clifton , 28 , was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jean B. Clifton was 28 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .','Jean B. Clifton was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer .'))

Input: It started with improvements in hygiene made possible by affordable soap and washable underwear during the Industrial Revolution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in hygiene .', CO/LIST('Hygiene was made possible by affordable soap during the Industrial Revolution .','Hygiene was made possible by washable underwear during the Industrial Revolution .' ), 'It started with improvements .'))

Input: Then cast-iron sewer pipe and the flush toilet were followed by sewage - and water-treatment plants toward the end of the 19th century .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was toward the end of the 19th century .', CO/LIST('Then cast-iron sewer pipe were followed by sewage - and water-treatment plants .','Then the flush toilet were followed by sewage - and water-treatment plants .'))

Input: These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts as Paul Ehrlich , Barry Commoner , Rene Dubois and George Wald .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was as Paul Ehrlich .','This was as Barry Commoner .','This was as Rene Dubois .','This was as George Wald .' ), 'These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts .')

Input: Unknown before 1960 were the inconclusive effects of acid rain , greenhouse warming and ozone depletion , all of which required burgeoning political power and gargantuan expense .
Prediction: NONE

Input: First and foremost , the vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus among specialists working in the respective aspects of the global environment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among specialists .',', Specialists are working in the respective aspects of the global environment .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is first and foremost .','The vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus .'))

Input: Consider , for example , the greenhouse effect and climate change ; numerous blue-ribbon scientific committees , including one from the National Academy of Science , judge there is a greater than 50 % probability of a grave problem in the offing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .', CO/LIST(', Consider the greenhouse effect and climate change .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what numerous blue-ribbon scientific committees , including one from the National Academy of Science , judge .','There is a greater than 50 % probability of a grave problem in the offing .')))

Input: Nor was it intended to dictate a set of prescriptive solutions , although various points were raised .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each scientist independently concluded society and government are underreacting when it comes to substantive policy change .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Each scientist independently concluded .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST(', Society are underreacting .','Government are underreacting .' ), 'It comes to substantive policy change .'))

Input: The problems of the environment are so interrelated , so inextricably entwined with our current way of life and so large that it is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was so inextricably entwined with our current way of life .', SUB/ELABORATION('The problems of the environment are so interrelated and so large .','It is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years .'))

Input: The volume is well below the industry 's 4 % to 5 % growth rate of recent years , but in line with other soft-drink companies for the third quarter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Coca-Cola Enterprises said it had to boost spending for trade and dealer incentives to try to keep volumes from slipping .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Coca-Cola Enterprises said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for trade and dealer incentives .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from slipping .','It had to boost spending to try to keep volumes .')))

Input: Sam Merksamer , chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain , and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. , both declined to comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sanford Sigoloff was chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. .', CO/LIST(', Sam Merksamer was chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain .',', Sam Merksamer was chief executive officer of Sanford Sigoloff .' ), ', Sam Merksamer both declined to comment .'))

Input: This year , a number of retail leveraged buyouts have failed , causing jitters among suppliers , and Mr. Merksamer apparently wanted assurances that he wo n't have delivery problems .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among suppliers .','This year , a number of retail leveraged buyouts have failed , causing jitters .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Merksamer was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Merksamer apparently wanted assurances .','He wo n't have delivery problems .')))

Input: For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the year .','The year was ended June 30 , 1989 .' ), 'Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million .')

Input: According to those familiar with the situation , other bidders included Ratners Group PLC of London and Kay Jewelers Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to those familiar with the situation .', CO/LIST('Other bidders included Ratners Group PLC of London .','Other bidders included Ratners Group PLC of Kay Jewelers Inc .'))

Input: Robert H. Carlson , previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert H. Carlson is previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle .', SUB/ELABORATION('The unit is a vitreous-china maker .','Robert H. Carlson will assume the title of chairman of the unit .'))

Input: The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The days may be numbered for animated shows .', CO/LIST('Animated shows were featuring Alf .','Animated shows were featuring the Karate Kid .','Animated shows were featuring the Chipmunks .'))

Input: NBC , a leader in morning , prime-time and late night programs but an also-ran on Saturday mornings , when children rule the TV set , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('NBC is a leader in morning , prime-time and late night programs but an also-ran on Saturday mornings .','NBC is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business .' )SUB/ELABORATION(', Children rule .','The TV set .'))

Input: There is talk of some revamping and we 're certainly heading in the direction of less and less animation , said Joseph S. Cicero , vice president of finance and administration for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One major NBC affiliate , KCRA in Sacramento , plans to cancel the NBC Saturday morning line-up as of January and replace it with a local newscast .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One major NBC affiliate is KCRA in Sacramento .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a local newscast .','One major NBC affiliate plans to cancel the NBC Saturday morning line-up as of January and replace it .'))

Input: An NBC spokesman says the network will closely monitor the Sacramento situation , and says it is the only station to defect .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what an NBC spokesman says .','The network will closely monitor the Sacramento situation .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what an NBC spokesman says .','It is the only station to defect .'))

Input: There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon and the Disney Channel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon .','This was to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as the Disney Channel .' ), 'There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows .')

Input: NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows , a move that would control costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Other Saturday morning shows are a move .','A move would control costs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with other Saturday morning shows .','NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network .'))

Input: Rohm & Haas Co. said third-quarter net income skidded 35 % to $ 32.6 million , or 49 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rohm & Haas Co. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 32.6 million .','This was to 49 cents a share .' ), 'Third-quarter net income skidded 35 % .'))

Input: In the year-earlier quarter , the chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million , or 75 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million .','The chemicals company had net of 75 cents a share .'))

Input: For the nine months , Rohm & Haas net totaled $ 155 million , or $ 2.33 a share , down 17 % from $ 187.8 million , or $ 2.82 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 17 % from $ 187.8 million , or $ 2.82 a share , a year ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Rohm & Haas net totaled $ 155 million .','Rohm & Haas net totaled $ 2.33 a share .')))

Input: Michael A. Gaskin , 55 years old , was named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots , succeeding Walter K. Weisel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was 55 years old .','Michael A. Gaskin was named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots .' ), 'Named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots were succeeding Walter K. Weisel .')

Input: Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gaskin was Mr. .', CO/LIST('Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. .','Gaskin was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 .'))

Input: Stephen N. Wertheimer was named managing director and group head of investment banking in Asia , based in Tokyo .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Asia .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was based in Tokyo .',', Stephen N. Wertheimer was named managing director and group head of investment banking .'))

Input: I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I did n't say this .', SUB/ELABORATION('I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy .','The philosophy was expressed by the quote .'))

Input: I have not offered and will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , levamisole and 5-fluorouracil , to any of my colon-cancer patients .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The two drugs were levamisole and 5-fluorouracil .', CO/LIST('I have not offered .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the two drugs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to any of my colon-cancer patients .','I will not offer routine therapy .'))))

Input: With this treatment we have reduced deaths in high-risk colon cancer by one-third -- but this leaves the two-thirds who are dying of cancer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by one-third .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was with this treatment .','We have reduced deaths in high-risk colon cancer .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This leaves the two-thirds .','The two-thirds are dying of cancer .')))

Input: I believe any physician who truly cares about cancer patients , both today and tomorrow , should offer the hope of something better than that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This hope , however , will never be realized if we use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil as a stopping point .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','This hope will never be realized .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a stopping point .','We use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil .'))

Input: The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was their dislike of President .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The oil and auto industries announced a joint research program .','A joint research program could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The oil and auto industries were united in Bush 's proposal for cars .',', Cars run on alternative fuels .')))

Input: Officials of the Big Three auto makers and 14 petroleum companies said they are setting out to find the most cost-effective fuel for reducing cities ' air-pollution problems , with no bias toward any fuel in particular .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials of the Big Three auto makers and 14 petroleum companies said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for reducing cities ' air-pollution problems .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with no bias toward any fuel in particular .','They are setting out to find the most cost-effective fuel .')))

Input: However , their search notably wo n't include natural gas or pure methanol -- the two front-running alternative fuels -- in tests to be completed by next summer .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','Their search notably wo n't include natural gas or pure methanol -- the two front-running alternative fuels -- in tests .' ), 'This was to be completed by next summer .')

Input: Instead , the tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution that is choking urban areas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead .','The tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution .' ), 'A solution for automobile pollution is choking urban areas .')

Input: The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars .','A second phase of research will test reformulated gasolines .' ), 'A second phase of research is still being planned .')

Input: But David Hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Hawkins was an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what David Hawkins said .','The research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline .'))

Input: Oil and auto companies supported a move on Capitol Hill last week to gut Mr. Bush 's plans to require auto makers to begin selling alternative-fueled cars by 1995 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was gut Mr. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was on Capitol Hill .', SUB/PURPOSE('Oil and auto companies supported a move last week to Bush 's plans .','This was to require auto makers to begin selling alternative-fueled cars by 1995 .')))

Input: The inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. , who is chairman of American Continental Corp. , Lincoln 's parent , and who contributed heavily to several U.S. senators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('American Continental Corp. was Lincoln 's parent .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Charles Keating Jr. is chairman of American Continental Corp. and .',', Chairman of American Continental Corp. and contributed heavily to several U.S. senators .')))

Input: But the government did n't step in until six months ago , when thrift officials put Lincoln into conservatorship -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('But the government did n't step in until six months ago .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was into conservatorship .','Thrift officials put Lincoln -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors .'))

Input: Representatives of the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , hired by creditors to consult on Eastern 's financial plans , told the committee in a private meeting yesterday that Eastern 's latest plan to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection is far riskier than an earlier one which won the creditors ' approval .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what representatives of the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , hired by creditors to consult on Eastern 's financial plans , told the committee in a private meeting yesterday .', SUB/ELABORATION('Eastern 's latest plan to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection is far riskier than an earlier one .','An earlier one won the creditors ' approval .'))

Input: She said they have oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said .', CO/LIST('They have oversimplified .', SUB/ELABORATION('They have made some erroneous assumptions .',', Some erroneous assumptions make their analysis completely off-base .')))

Input: We 're in the process of discussing an amended plan with the creditors and anticipate filing that amended plan shortly , Mr. Lorenzo told reporters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lorenzo was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('We 're in the process of discussing an amended plan with the creditors .','We anticipate filing that amended plan shortly .' ), 'This was what Lorenzo told reporters .'))

Input: We 're meeting and surpassing our goals , he added .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In July , Eastern and its creditors agreed on a reorganization plan that called for Eastern to sell $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection at two-thirds its former size .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .', CO/LIST('Eastern agreed on a reorganization plan .','Its creditors agreed on a reorganization plan .' )SUB/PURPOSE('A reorganization plan called for Eastern .','This was to sell $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection at two-thirds its former size .')))

Input: But after selling off pieces such as its East Coast shuttle , its Philadelphia hub and various planes , Eastern hit a stumbling block .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(CO/LIST('But Eastern was selling off pieces such as its East Coast shuttle .','But Eastern was selling off pieces such as its Philadelphia hub .','But Eastern was selling off pieces such as various planes .' ), 'But , Eastern hit a stumbling block .')

Input: A last-minute snag in negotiations with AMR , over an unrelated lawsuit between American and another Texas Air unit , caused the deal to collapse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to collapse .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was over an unrelated lawsuit between American .','This was over an unrelated lawsuit between another Texas Air unit .' ), 'A last-minute snag in negotiations with AMR caused the deal .'))

Input: Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions .' ), 'The creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions .')

Input: The experts said they expected Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the experts said .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they expected .','Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated .'))

Input: At the news conference , Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lorenzo was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Phil Bakes was Eastern President .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the news conference .', CO/LIST('Lorenzo presented a far rosier assessment .','Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment .'))))

Input: Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lorenzo was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Both he and Lorenzo predicted .','Plan might be confirmed in January .'))

Input: But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan , or the court could ignore both sides and draw its own .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan .', CO/LIST('But the court could ignore both sides .','But the court could draw its own .'))

Input: In any event , some people familiar with the case question whether the court will act by January as forecast by Mr. Lorenzo and Mr. Bakes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lorenzo is Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some people familiar with the case question in any event .','Whether the court will act by January as forecast by Lorenzo and Bakes .'))

Input: But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity ; they have been trying to head it off this year .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what most experts agree .', SUB/ELABORATION('The concept drags in great complexity .','The concept is to be introduced .' ), 'They have been trying to head it off this year .'))

Input: Ways and Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill , but the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('Rostenkowski was Means Chairman .','Ways and Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill .' ), 'The plan turns out to be a big revenue loser .')

Input: A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income ; victims may pick the year when income is lower and deductions higher .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income .', SUB/ELABORATION('Victims may pick the year .','Income is lower and deductions higher .'))

Input: In filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A couple was filing an original -LRB- not amended -RRB- return .', SUB/ELABORATION('A couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; .', SUB/ELABORATION('Larger income ; may determine .','They should file jointly or separately .')))

Input: Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday , but the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked Hugo and postmarked by Jan. 16 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the IRS says .', SUB/CONDITION('People in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing .', CO/LIST('Their returns are marked Hugo .','Their returns are postmarked by Jan. 16 .'))))

Input: Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes , but late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes .', SUB/CONDITION('Late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived .','The balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability .'))

Input: Among the provisions : Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't be penalized if they file -- or request an extension -- and pay tax due by Nov. 15 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was among the provisions .',': Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't be penalized .' ), 'They file -- or request an extension -- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is among the provisions .',': Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't pay tax due by Nov. 15 .'))

Input: Excise-tax returns due by Oct. 31 or Nov. 30 may be delayed to Jan. 16 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes .', SUB/ELABORATION('Late penalties will be abated for deposits .','Deposits were made by Nov. 15 .'))

Input: But the Tax Court said the limitations were reasonable and realistic and allowed the deductions .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Tax Court said .','The limitations were reasonable and realistic .' ), 'But the Tax Court allowed the deductions .')

Input: Estimating that the state may lose $ 15 million a year , officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and hundreds of civil penalties .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials were estimating .','The state may lose $ 15 million a year .' ), 'Officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and hundreds of civil penalties .')

Input: This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker , but reached by Ms. Peterson and six others in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peterson was Ms. .', CO/LIST('This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker , but reached by Peterson in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes .','This place is 12 miles into the back country -- a day-long trudge for a hiker , but reached by six others in a mere two hours of pedaling fat-tired mountain bikes .'))

Input: The animal had to be destroyed ; the bikers fled and were never found .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The animal had to be destroyed .', CO/LIST('The bikers fled .','The bikers were never found .'))

Input: They have even sent helicopters in pursuit of bikers after hikers and equestrians complained they were being driven from trails .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in pursuit of bikers .','They have even sent helicopters .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Hikers and equestrians complained .','They were being driven from trails .'))

Input: But the bikes ' burgeoning numbers , safety concerns and fear that they damage fragile landscapes have prompted pleas , from the Sierras to the Eastern Seaboard , to ban them from the back country .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/SPATIAL('This was to the Eastern Seaboard .','This was from the Sierras .' )CO/LIST('But the bikes ' burgeoning numbers have prompted pleas .','But safety concerns have prompted pleas .','But fear that they damage fragile landscapes have prompted pleas .' ), 'This was to ban them from the back country .'))

Input: But the club still insists that public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment or other users .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the club insists .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment .','Public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure other users .'))

Input: People who feel that cyclists should be banned from an area are n't looking at the whole picture , complains Mark Langton , associate editor of Mountain and City Biking magazine in Canoga Park , Calif .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Langton is among the legions of bikers who got their first taste of wilderness as hikers or backpackers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Langton was Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Langton is among the legions of bikers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as hikers or backpackers .','Bikers got their first taste of wilderness .')))

Input: To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Langton is Mr. .', SUB/PURPOSE('This is to fight back .', SUB/PURPOSE('Activists such as Langton are forming groups .','This is to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails .')))

Input: These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker 's image ; in the San Francisco-area park district where a ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer bikers have formed a volunteer patrol to help rangers enforce regulations , and to school riders in proper trail etiquette .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker 's image .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/SPATIAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the San Francisco-area park district .','A ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer .' ), 'Bikers have formed a volunteer patrol .' ), 'This was to help rangers enforce regulations , and to school riders in proper trail etiquette .'))

Input: While some are renegade riders who simply scorn regulations , much bad riding simply reflects ignorance that can be corrected through education and peer pressure , says Jim Hasenauer , a director of the International Mountain Biking Association .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Few would have foreseen such a furor when , a decade ago , some Marin County bicycle enthusiasts created a hybrid bike using fat tires , lightweight metallurgy and multi-gear technology .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Few would have foreseen such a furor .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was a decade ago .',', Some Marin County bicycle enthusiasts created a hybrid bike .' )CO/LIST('A hybrid bike was using fat tires .','A hybrid bike was using lightweight metallurgy .','A hybrid bike was using multi-gear technology .')))

Input: They got a machine more responsive , more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was more stable .','They got a machine more responsive and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes .' ), 'The thin-tired racing bikes then were the rage .')

Input: City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in traffic , bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', City dwellers love them .', CO/LIST('They shift smoothly in traffic , bounce easily over curbs .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes .','They roll through road glass .')))

Input: David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('David Lindsey is chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what David Lindsey muses .','The bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia .'))

Input: The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the paperboy bike you had as a kid , but it can do so much more , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the paperboy bike .','You had the paperboy bike as a kid .' ), 'It can do so much more .' ), 'This is what he says .')

Input: H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , offering of four million shares of noncumulative convertible preferred stock , Series B. , via Goldman , Sachs & Co , First Boston Corp. , and Merrill Lynch .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But stocks later recovered , erasing most of their early declines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But several other traders contend investors have overreacted to junk-bond jitters , and that stock prices will continue to recover .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday , but fell to 1.8667 marks from 1.8685 marks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 1.8685 marks .','Late yesterday in New York , the dollar fell to 1.8667 marks .'))

Input: The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network and U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network have formed a joint venture .','U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture .' ), 'This was to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine .')

Input: Advertisers will be offered an advertising package , which for a single price , will include time on the CNBC program and ad pages in the special guides .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Advertisers will be offered an advertising package .', CO/LIST('An advertising package for a single price , will include time on the CNBC program .','An advertising package for a single price , will include ad pages in the special guides .'))

Input: The programs will be written and produced by CNBC , with background and research provided by staff from U.S. News & World Report .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was with background and research .','The programs will be written and produced by CNBC .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from U.S. News & World Report .','Background and research were provided by staff .'))

Input: Weyerhaeuser Co. reported a one-time gain and strong wood-product sales that offset weakness in pulp and paper to fuel a 15 % jump in third-quarter net income to $ 166.8 million , or 78 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Weyerhaeuser Co. reported a one-time gain .','Weyerhaeuser Co. reported strong wood-product sales .' )SUB/PURPOSE(', Strong wood-product sales offset weakness in pulp and paper .','This was to fuel a 15 % jump in third-quarter net income to $ 166.8 million , or 78 cents a share .'))

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , the forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million , or 69 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 third quarter .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million .','The forest-products company reported profit of 69 cents a share .'))

Input: Results for the 1989 third quarter and nine months include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business improvement and refocusing program , and a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is from the company 's business improvement and refocusing program .','This is from a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock .' ), 'Results for the 1989 third quarter and nine months include a pretax loss of $ 33 million .')

Input: Forest-products operations strengthened in the third quarter , while paper operations were dogged by higher costs , soft newsprint exports and a strong Japanese yen .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Forest-products operations strengthened in the third quarter .', CO/LIST('Paper operations were dogged by higher costs .','Paper operations were dogged by soft newsprint exports .','Paper operations were dogged by a strong Japanese yen .'))

Input: Weyerhaeuser 's pulp and paper operations were up for the nine months , but full-year performance depends on the balance of operating and maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('Weyerhaeuser 's pulp and paper operations were up for the nine months .','Full-year performance depends on the balance of operating and maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products .' ), 'This was what the company said .')

Input: Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the company said export log and lumber markets will be weak , while panel and plywood markets will be stronger .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company was looking ahead to the fourth quarter .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .', CO/CONTRAST('Export log and lumber markets will be weak .','Panel and plywood markets will be stronger .')))

Input: The bank also said it expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the third quarter and a loss for the full year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the bank said .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This is for the third quarter .','This is for a loss .' ), 'It expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the full year .'))

Input: The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to $ 2.6 billion , or 85 % of Bankers Trust 's medium and long-term loans to these countries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to these countries .', CO/DISJUNCTION('This is to $ 2.6 billion .','This is to 85 % of Bankers Trust 's medium and long-term loans .' )SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Third World countries .','The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans .')))

Input: Step up to the plate and take the big swing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Get the problem behind you and do n't look back , said James J. McDermott , analyst at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , in approving of the move .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James J. McDermott was analyst at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was behind you .','Get the problem and do n't look back , said James J. McDermott , in approving of the move .'))

Input: But he reiterated the bank 's position that it is comfortable with the current level of $ 2.6 billion , covering about 30 % of the $ 8.9 billion of such loans outstanding .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he reiterated the bank 's position .','It is comfortable with the current level of $ 2.6 billion .' ), 'But he was covering about 30 % of the $ 8.9 billion of such loans outstanding .')

Input: A concerning item the analyst cited was the 10 % jump in expenses , which the bank attributes to costs of expanding both its consumer credit-card operations and its overseas branch business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('A concerning item was the 10 % jump in expenses .','The analyst cited A concerning item .' ), 'The bank attributes to costs of expanding both its consumer credit-card operations and its overseas branch business expenses .')

Input: Wells Fargo continued to generate one of the highest profit margins among major banks , minimizing a drop in net interest margin with 13 % third-quarter growth in high-yielding business loans and similar growth in mortgages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was with 13 % third-quarter growth in high-yielding business loans .','This was with similar growth in mortgages .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in net interest margin .','Wells Fargo continued to generate one of the highest profit margins among major banks , minimizing a drop .'))

Input: As a result , Wells Fargo 's net interest income rose $ 36.3 million , or 7 % , to $ 537 million for the quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 537 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Wells Fargo 's net interest income rose $ 36.3 million .','Wells Fargo 's net interest income rose 7 % .'))))

Input: Wells Fargo has sold all of its non-trade loans made to less-developed countries , and managed to partly reverse the sharp rise in domestic non-accrual loans , which fell 8 % from the previous quarter to $ 806.8 million from $ 880.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wells Fargo has sold all of its non-trade loans made to less-developed countries , and managed to partly reverse the sharp rise in domestic non-accrual loans from $ 880.9 million .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the previous quarter .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 806.8 million .','Domestic non-accrual loans fell 8 % .')))

Input: But the amount was still 39 % higher than the year-ago level , and 25 % higher as a percentage of total loans .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('That trend are about the only worries .','Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is about the only worries .','Analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture .'))

Input: Manufacturers Hanover said that excluding the addition to its reserves , certain tax benefits , and a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company , third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manufacturers Hanover said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was to its reserves .','This was to certain tax benefits .','This was to a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company .' ), 'This was excluding the addition .' ), 'Third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million .'))

Input: The bank 's additional provisions brought reserves for loans to less-developed countries to $ 2.4 billion , covering 36 % of its medium and long-term loans outstanding to these nations .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for loans to less-developed countries .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 2.4 billion .','The bank 's additional provisions brought reserves .' ), 'The bank 's additional provisions were covering 36 % of its medium and long-term loans outstanding to these nations .'))

Input: PNC Financial cited higher income from sources unrelated to interest and said it continues to cut costs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from sources unrelated to interest .','PNC Financial cited higher income .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what PNC Financial said .','It continues to cut costs .'))

Input: Trust income grew 15 % , to $ 49.9 million , while service charges , fees and commissions increased 22 % , to $ 79.4 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 49.9 million .','Trust income grew 15 % .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 79.4 million .',', Service charges , fees and commissions increased 22 % .'))

Input: Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections that some analysts say could cost him and his ruling Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party control of the government .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rajiv Gandhi was Prime Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party was his ruling .', SUB/ELABORATION('Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts say .',', Could cost him and Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party control of the government .'))))

Input: Other analysts say the Indian leader could retain control with a slim majority or be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what other analysts say .', CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a slim majority .','The Indian leader could retain control .' ), 'The Indian leader could be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties .'))

Input: Much depends on the opposition , a loose group of regional and ideological parties led by former Gandhi cabinet minister Vishwanath Pratap Singh .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vishwanath Pratap Singh was former Gandhi cabinet minister .', SUB/ELABORATION('A loose group of regional and ideological parties led by Vishwanath Pratap Singh were the opposition .','Much depends on the opposition .'))

Input: The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for or against Mr. Gandhi and his five years in power -- five years of ups and downs , promises and disappointments and wide fluctuations in popularity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('The biggest certainty is .', CO/LIST('The elections will be a vote for or against Gandhi .','The elections will be his five years in power -- five years of ups and downs , promises and disappointments and wide fluctuations in popularity .')))

Input: The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister and Congress -LRB- I -RRB- , which in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister .','The elections will be a rigorous test for Congress -LRB- I -RRB- .' ), ', Congress -LRB- I -RRB- in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence .')

Input: Some analysts predict that disappointment in Mr. Gandhi 's spent pledge to reduce corruption and heavy-handed local government will crest at the polls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi was disappointment in Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Some analysts predict .','Gandhi 's spent pledge to reduce corruption and heavy-handed local government will crest at the polls .'))

Input: Economic analysts call his trail-blazing liberalization of the Indian economy incomplete , and many are hoping for major new liberalizations if he is returned firmly to power .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Economic analysts call his trail-blazing liberalization of the Indian economy incomplete .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many are hoping for major new liberalizations .','If he is returned firmly to power .'))

Input: Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi was Mrs. .','Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Many Indians feared .','Their country might split apart .'))

Input: Analysts say the opposition will struggle this week to unite , and its success will be clear only when it announces its final list of parliamentary candidates .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .','The opposition will struggle this week to unite .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Its success will be clear only .','It announces its final list of parliamentary candidates .'))

Input: The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign , but it 's unclear how it is viewed by average Indian voters .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign .', SUB/ELABORATION('It 's unclear .','It is viewed by average Indian voters .'))

Input: The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers , and was supposed to be free of commissions or agents ' costs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers .', CO/DISJUNCTION('The contract was supposed to be free of commissions .','The contract was supposed to be free of agents ' costs .'))

Input: But many of his statements on the issue in Parliament subsequently were proven wrong by documentary evidence .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The scandal has faded and flared , but recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages , and that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The scandal has faded and flared .', CO/LIST('Recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages .', SUB/ELABORATION('That has helped galvanize the opposition .','The opposition last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills .')))

Input: His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the economy .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in politics or on the military front .','His term has produced no spectacular failures .' ), 'His term has chalked up some successes .'))

Input: When the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- lost the 1977 election , following Mrs. Gandhi 's hated emergency rule , a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi was Mrs. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Congress -LRB- I -RRB- lost the 1977 election .','The Congress -LRB- I -RRB- was following Gandhi 's hated emergency rule .' )SUB/TEMPORAL('A similar coalition took power .','A similar coalition disintegrated .')))

Input: Prime Minister Gandhi tells the Indian Parliament , ... neither I nor any member of my family has received any consideration in these transactions .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi is Prime Minister .','Gandhi tells the Indian Parliament .' ), 'Neither I nor any member of my family has received any consideration in these transactions .')

Input: A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party concludes that there were no middlemen in the deal and no payment to any Indian individual or company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party concludes .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This was to any Indian individual .','This was to company .' )CO/LIST('There were no middlemen in the deal .','There were no middlemen in no payment .')))

Input: Parsow Partnership Ltd. and Elkhorn Partners L.P. said they may seek proposals from third parties relating to a sale or restructuring of CACI International Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Parsow Partnership Ltd. and Elkhorn Partners L.P. said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from third parties .','Third parties are relating to a sale or restructuring of CACI International Inc .' ), 'They may seek proposals .'))

Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Parsow and Elkhorn , which together hold 8.685 % of CACI 's common shares , said they think it is in the best interest of CACI stockholders that the company be sold .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Parsow and Elkhorn said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they think .', SUB/ELABORATION('It is in the best interest of CACI stockholders .','The company be sold .' ), 'Parsow and Elkhorn together hold 8.685 % of CACI 's common shares .')))

Input: CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Parsow and Elkhorn and therefore had no comment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said .', CO/LIST(SUB/SPATIAL('This was by Parsow and Elkhorn .','It had n't seen the filing .' ), 'It had no comment .'))

Input: The partnerships said they may seek board representation , and they may seek the support of CACI 's board and other major shareholders in connection with their plans .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the partnerships said .','They may seek board representation .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with their plans .', CO/LIST('They may seek the support of CACI 's board .','They may seek other major shareholders in connection .')))

Input: According to the filing , Parsow and Elkhorn are based in Elkhorn , Neb. , and are controlled by the same general partner , Alan S. Parsow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan S. Parsow was the same general partner .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the filing .','Parsow and Elkhorn are based in Elkhorn , Neb. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to the filing .','Parsow and Elkhorn are controlled by the same general partner .')))

Input: Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market , in private transactions or otherwise , depending on market conditions and other factors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in private transactions .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was depending on market conditions .','This was depending on other factors .' )CO/DISJUNCTION('Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market .','Additional shares may be bought or sold in otherwise .')))

Input: The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in stock prices .','Bonds fell despite a modest decline .'))

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond fell more than 1\/2 point , or over $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield moved above 8 % for the first time since Thursday .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond fell more than 1\/2 point , or over $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was since Thursday .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first time .','The yield moved above 8 % .')))

Input: Investment-grade corporate , municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some traders estimate $ 9.75 billion of new two-year Treasurys will be sold next week , and they expect Refcorp to offer $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion of long-term bailout bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some traders estimate .','$ 9.75 billion of new two-year Treasurys will be sold next week .' ), 'They expect Refcorp to offer $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion of long-term bailout bonds .')

Input: The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. and a $ 350 million Federal National Mortgage Association deal underwritten by Greenwich Capital Markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue .', CO/LIST('A $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue was underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. .','A $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue was underwritten by a $ 350 million Federal National Mortgage Association deal underwritten by Greenwich Capital Markets .'))

Input: The Remic issuance supported prices of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities , which held up better than Government National Mortgage Association securities during an afternoon sell-off .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Remic issuance supported prices of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was than Government National Mortgage Association securities .','Prices of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities held up better during an afternoon sell-off .'))

Input: As part of its College Savings Plan , Connecticut offered $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of its College Savings Plan .',', Connecticut offered $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 6.25 % in 1994 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 .','General obligation capital appreciation bonds were priced to yield to maturity .')))

Input: West German government bond prices took a wild roller-coaster ride , pulled down by Monday 's U.S. stock market gains then up by a wider-than-expected U.S. trade deficit and falling U.S. stock prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('West German government bond prices took a wild roller-coaster ride .', CO/LIST('A wild roller-coaster ride was pulled down by Monday 's U.S. stock market gains then up by a wider-than-expected U.S. trade deficit .','A wild roller-coaster ride was pulled down by Monday 's U.S. stock market gains then up by falling U.S. stock prices .'))

Input: But Japanese bonds ended weaker .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill that provides a 28 % increase for space research and development and incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill .', SUB/ELABORATION('An estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill provides a 28 % increase for space research and development and incorporates far-reaching provisions .','Far-reaching provisions are affecting the federal mortgage market .'))

Input: Separately , the bill gives authority to the Bush administration to facilitate the refinancing of federally subsidized loans for low-income and moderate-income homeowners .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the Bush administration .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is separately .','The bill gives authority .' ), 'This was to facilitate the refinancing of federally subsidized loans for low-income and moderate-income homeowners .'))

Input: And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Salomon Brothers was the Wall Street firm .', SUB/PURPOSE(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a vain attempt .', SUB/ELABORATION('And a squad of influential former Senate aides came to the Capitol .','Influential former Senate aides were employed by Salomon Brothers .' ), 'This was to strip the provision .')))

Input: This sum has been guarded jealously by appropriators anxious to offset spending elsewhere , and conservative Sen. Phil Gramm cast the fight as a populist stand against monied interests .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This sum has been guarded jealously by appropriators anxious to offset spending elsewhere .', SUB/ELABORATION('Phil Gramm was Conservative Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a populist stand .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was against monied interests .','Phil Gramm cast the fight .'))))

Input: The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy , but the legislation is so vaguely written that it has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose and its ultimate destination .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The bulk of the money would be funneled through the National Endowment for Democracy .', SUB/ELABORATION('The legislation is so vaguely written .', CO/LIST('It has been dogged by questions regarding the money 's true purpose .','It has been dogged by questions regarding its ultimate destination .')))

Input: The money will be applied for voter registration and election monitoring , but more than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(CO/LIST('The money will be applied for voter registration .','The money will be applied for election monitoring .' ), 'More than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party .')

Input: Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what critics warned .',', Such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing .' )SUB/ELABORATION('One irony is .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was under Nicaraguan law .','A major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council .')))

Input: Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills and covers a disparate collection of accounts for science , housing , veterans and the environment .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is within the appropriations conference .','Yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is within the appropriations conference .', CO/LIST('Yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for science .','Yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for housing .','Yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for veterans .','Yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure covers a disparate collection of accounts for the environment .')))

Input: But it is driven by the same fiscal pressures that have forced lawmakers to resort to various bookkeeping devices to juggle as much as $ 1 billion in spending that would otherwise put the bill over budget .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it is driven by the same fiscal pressures .', SUB/PURPOSE('The same fiscal pressures have forced lawmakers .','This was to resort to various bookkeeping devices to juggle as much as $ 1 billion in spending that would otherwise put the bill over budget .'))

Input: These costs will complicate the budget picture in fiscal 1991 , and the measure further commits Congress to a set of costly projects , including the first construction funds for the space station .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in fiscal 1991 .','These costs will complicate the budget picture .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is including the first construction funds for the space station .','This is to a set of costly projects .' ), 'The measure further commits Congress .'))

Input: The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was within the $ 5.36 billion .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .','The $ 5.36 billion was provided for research and development .' ), 'The station is promised $ 1.8 billion .' ), 'The nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers .'))

Input: And while setting a statutory limit of $ 1.6 billion on the automated space probe , the conference appropriated $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The CRAF-Cassini mission was a successor .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Voyager space probe .','And while setting a statutory limit of $ 1.6 billion on the automated space probe , the conference appropriated $ 30 million .')))

Input: Among major domestic agencies , the Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those sought by the administration , with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is among major domestic agencies .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million .','The Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those .' ), 'Those was sought by the administration .'))

Input: While the practice was discouraged in the past , the conference agreement is laced with veterans ' hospitals , environmental projects and urban grants designated for specific communities .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The practice was discouraged in the past .', CO/LIST('The conference agreement is laced with veterans ' hospitals .','The conference agreement is laced with environmental projects .','The conference agreement is laced with urban grants designated for specific communities .'))

Input: An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska , but estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all but about 30 flights would be covered .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what estimates by the tobacco industry indicate .','All but about 30 flights would be covered .'))

Input: And after weeks of delay , the appropriations process is beginning to take some final shape .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Defense and foreign aid are the two most critical areas remaining from the administration 's standpoint .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Defense are the two most critical areas .','Foreign aid are the two most critical areas .' ), 'The two most critical areas are remaining from the administration 's standpoint .')

Input: And among domestic programs , the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders attached to separate bills funding the District of Columbia and Department of Health and Human Services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And among domestic programs , the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders .', CO/LIST('Abortion riders were attached to separate bills .','Abortion riders were funding the District of Columbia and Department of Health and Human Services .'))

Input: Gold , which has n't risen or fallen significantly in quite some time , yesterday achieved what may be a new level of impassiveness : The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in both the dollar and the stock market .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Gold yesterday achieved what may be a new level of impassiveness .','Gold has n't risen or fallen significantly in quite some time .' )CO/LIST('The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in both the dollar .','The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in the stock market .'))

Input: The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: According to one analyst , Bernard Savaiko of PaineWebber , New York , the stock market 's ability on Monday to rally from last Friday 's decline -- which seemed to indicate that the economy was n't going to fall either -- took the starch out of precious metals prices , and out of gold 's , in particular .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bernard Savaiko of PaineWebber , New York was one analyst .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to one analyst .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in particular .','The stock market 's ability on Monday to rally from last Friday 's decline -- which seemed to indicate that the economy was n't going to fall either -- took the starch out of precious metals prices , and out of gold 's .')))

Input: December delivery gold is trading in a range of $ 365 to $ 375 -LCB- an ounce -RCB- and is having difficulty breaking out above that , Mr. Savaiko said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Savaiko was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('December delivery gold is trading in a range of $ 365 to $ 375 -LCB- an ounce -RCB- .', CO/LIST('December delivery gold is having difficulty .','December delivery gold is breaking out above that .' ), 'This was what Savaiko said .')))

Input: Also , Mr. Savaiko noted , stock market investors seeking greater safety are veering toward buying bonds rather than precious metals because we are tending more toward a disinflationary economy that does n't make gold and precious metals attractive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Savaiko is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Also , Savaiko noted , stock market investors seeking greater safety are veering toward buying bonds rather than precious metals because we are tending more toward a disinflationary economy .','A disinflationary economy does n't make gold and precious metals attractive .'))

Input: Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the -LCB- Federal Reserve -RCB- in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system , which helped the stock market rebound on Monday , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the -LCB- Federal Reserve -RCB- in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system .','This was what he said .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Monday .','Financial system helped the stock market rebound .'))

Input: At the moment gold traders are n't concerned about inflation , he said , and as for the dollar , gold 's association with the currency has been diminishing recently so drops in the currency are n't having much impact on gold .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the moment .','Gold traders are n't concerned about inflation .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as for the dollar .','Gold 's association with the currency has been diminishing recently .' ), 'Drops in the currency are n't having much impact on gold .'))

Input: Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its flight to safety quality .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Dinsa Mehta was chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank .','Dinsa Mehta said .' )CO/LIST('There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to safety quality .','Gold may retain some of its flight .')))

Input: I do n't know what it means over the long run , but for the short term , it appears that gold producers are grateful for the $ 10 or so that gold has risen over the past week or so , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('I do n't know .','It means over the long run .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the short term .','It appears that gold producers are grateful for the $ 10 or so that gold has risen over the past week or so .' ), 'This was what he said .'))

Input: Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit , which rose sharply in August , according to yesterday 's report , has been having less and less impact on the gold market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('Mehta was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Mehta observed .','The U.S. merchandise trade deficit has been having less and less impact on the gold market .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to yesterday 's report .','The U.S. merchandise trade deficit rose sharply in August .')))

Input: Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation that can turn elsewhere in the world market and buy the sugar , the analyst said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(SUB/ELABORATION('Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation .', CO/LIST('A wealthy nation can turn elsewhere in the world market .','A wealthy nation can buy the sugar .' ), 'This was what the analyst said .'))

Input: The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents , but could n't sustain the advance , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/CONTRAST('The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents .','The March futures contract could n't sustain the advance .' ), 'This was what he said .')

Input: The prices of cattle , hogs and pork belly futures contracts rebounded as livestock traders shook off fears that the Friday stock market plunge would chill consumer spending , which in turn would hurt retail sales of beef and pork .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The prices of cattle , hogs and pork belly futures contracts rebounded .', SUB/ELABORATION('Livestock traders shook off fears .','The Friday stock market plunge would chill consumer spending .' ), ', Consumer spending in turn would hurt retail sales of beef and pork .'))

Input: The prices of most soybean and soybean-meal futures contracts rose amid rumors that the Soviet Union is interested in buying from the U.S. or South America about 250,000 metric tons of soybeans and as many as 400,000 metric tons of soybean meal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The prices of most soybean and soybean-meal futures contracts rose amid rumors .', CO/LIST('The Soviet Union is interested in buying from the U.S. or South America about 250,000 metric tons of soybeans .','The Soviet Union is interested in buying from the U.S. or South America about as many as 400,000 metric tons of soybean meal .'))

Input: The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs , improve margins and enhance its competitive position in its primary business , vehicle leasing and rental .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the rating agency said .', CO/LIST('It is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs , improve margins and enhance its competitive position in its primary business .','It is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs , improve margins and enhance its competitive position in vehicle leasing .','It is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs , improve margins and enhance its competitive position in rental .'))

Input: Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise , but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Constance Harriman was U.S. delegate .', CO/LIST(', Constance Harriman thundered that down .','Others thundered that down .')))

Input: Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were small retailers tied to the tourist industry and businesses in agriculture and cultivated seafood .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It helps us , and people feel better talking to someone who 's gone through the same thing , an SBA official says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(CO/LIST('It helps us .', SUB/ELABORATION('People feel better talking to someone .',', Someone 's gone through the same thing .' ), 'This is what an SBA official says .'))

Input: The Senate , after deleting Section 89 repeal from its deficit-reduction bill , still is expected to join the House in voting to kill the law , which forces companies to provide comparable benefits to laborers and executives alike .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in voting to kill the law .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was after deleting Section 89 repeal from its deficit-reduction bill .','The Senate still is expected to join the House .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to laborers and executives .','The law forces companies to provide comparable benefits alike .')))

Input: And the group will urge that the federal government pre-empt state rules on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the group will urge .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance .','The federal government pre-empt state rules .'))

Input: And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy -LRB- D. , Mass . -RRB- despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Edward Kennedy was Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('D. was Mass .','And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Edward Kennedy -LRB- D. -RRB- despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually .'))

Input: Sen. Strom Thurmond -LRB- R. , S.C . -RRB- protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Strom Thurmond is Sen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('R. is S.C .',', Strom Thurmond -LRB- R. -RRB- protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies .'))

Input: Groups representing some independent auto-repair shops join a compromise on the Clean Air legislation worked out between environmentalists and Rep. Henry Waxman -LRB- D. , Calif . -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Henry Waxman was environmentalists .','Henry Waxman was Rep. .' )SUB/ELABORATION('D. was Calif .','Groups representing some independent auto-repair shops join a compromise on the Clean Air legislation worked out between Henry Waxman -LRB- D. -RRB- .'))

Input: The plan would increase the warranty on auto-emission systems to eight years or 80,000 miles from five years or 50,000 for major parts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('This is to eight years or 80,000 miles from five years .','This is to eight years or 80,000 miles from 50,000 .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is on auto-emission systems for major parts .','The plan would increase the warranty .'))

Input: Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Banc One Indiana Corp. , the successor company to American Fletcher Corp. , but will no longer be active in day-to-day management .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McKinney is Mr. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Banc One Indiana Corp. is the successor company .', CO/CONTRAST('McKinney will continue as chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Banc One Indiana Corp. to American Fletcher Corp. .','McKinney will no longer be active in day-to-day management .')))

Input: The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing on Jan. 25 , 1990 , and April 26 , 1990 , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .','13-week and 26-week bills were maturing on Jan. 25 , 1990 , and April 26 , 1990 .'))

Input: Beatrice , which went private in an $ 8.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said last month that it might borrow again to help pay investors as much as $ 983 million in preferred stock and debt securities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Beatrice said last month .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in preferred stock and debt securities .','It might borrow again to help pay investors as much as $ 983 million .' ), 'Beatrice went private in an $ 8.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 .'))

Input: When the Soviets announced their last soldier had left Afghanistan in February , the voices of skepticism were all but drowned out by an international chorus of euphoria .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Soviets announced .','Their last soldier had left Afghanistan in February .' ), 'The voices of skepticism were all but drowned out by an international chorus of euphoria .')

Input: Eight months after Gen. Boris Gromov walked across the bridge into the U.S.S.R. , a Soviet-controlled regime remains in Kabul , the refugees sit in their camps , and the restoration of Afghan freedom seems as far off as ever .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Boris Gromov is months after Gen. .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is into the U.S.S.R. .','Eight Boris Gromov walked across the bridge , a Soviet-controlled regime remains in Kabul .' ), 'The restoration of Afghan freedom seems as far off as ever .'))

Input: Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what soviet leaders said .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by all .','They would support their Kabul clients .' ), 'Means necessary all .' ), ', Soviet leaders did .'))

Input: The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the U.S. said .','It would fully support the resistance .' ), 'The U.S. did n't .')

Input: The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gromov was Gen. .', SUB/ELABORATION('Gromov himself said Soviet troops .', CO/LIST(', Soviet troops were expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment .',', Soviet troops were expected to leave behind installations for the Kabul regime .')))

Input: By early May , Moscow had delivered , for example , 1,000 trucks , about 100 tanks , artillery and hundreds of other combat vehicles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by early May .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was for example .','This was for 1,000 trucks .','This was for about 100 tanks .','This was for artillery .','This was for hundreds of other combat vehicles .' ), 'Moscow had delivered .'))

Input: Later that month , it added an entire tank brigade , including 120 T-72 tanks and more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was including 120 T-72 tanks .','This was including more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles .' ), 'Later that month , it added an entire tank brigade .')

Input: In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the last few weeks .', CO/LIST('Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles .','Moscow has the bomber version of the An-12 .','Moscow has MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft .','Moscow has MiG-29s .','Moscow has Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers .' ), ', Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers can outfly the MiG-29s .' ), 'MiG-29s can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s .'))

Input: Complete units have been trained and indoctrinated in the U.S.S.R. and other East bloc nations ; 30,000 to 40,000 of these troops have returned .
Prediction: CO/LIST(CO/LIST(', Complete units have been trained and indoctrinated in the U.S.S.R. .',', Complete units have been trained and indoctrinated in other East bloc nations .' ), '30,000 to 40,000 of these troops have returned .')

Input: In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in preparation for the withdrawal .', CO/LIST('Moscow signed two agreements .','Kabul signed two agreements .','New Delhi signed two agreements .' ), ', Several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel .'))

Input: Rep. Bill McCollum -LRB- R. , Fla. -RRB- reports that these included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards , ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bill McCollum was Rep. .', SUB/ELABORATION('R. was Fla. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Bill McCollum -LRB- R. -RRB- reports .','These included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards , ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms .')))

Input: In this they are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in this .','They are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support .' ), 'Leaders 's policies are anathema to the Afghan public .'))

Input: Experienced resistance commanders wanted to use guerrilla action and siege tactics to wear down the regime .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last summer , in response to congressional criticism , the State Department and the CIA said they had resumed military aid to the resistance months after it was cut off ; but it is not clear how much is being sent or when it will arrive .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the State Department and the CIA said in response to congressional criticism .', SUB/TEMPORAL(SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the resistance months .','They had resumed military aid .' ), 'It was cut off .'))

Input: Thus far there is no indication that they have been re-supplied with Stingers or other anti-aircraft weapons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Thus far there is no indication .', CO/DISJUNCTION('They have been re-supplied with Stingers .','They have been re-supplied with other anti-aircraft weapons .'))

Input: Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on miscalculation and the defense of bureaucratic and political turf .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. was a decade .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was for U.S. .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was based on miscalculation .','This was based on the defense of bureaucratic and political turf .' ), 'Policy has been incoherent .')))

Input: Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was about a wave of government borrowing .','Government borrowing was coming soon .' ), 'Prices of long-term Treasury bonds were finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears .'))

Input: The IRS said it will waive certain tax penalties for earthquake victims unable to meet return deadlines or make payments because of the quake 's devastation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the IRS said .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is for earthquake victims unable to meet return deadlines or make payments because of the quake 's devastation .','It will waive certain tax penalties .'))

Input: And if I think that some people -LCB- on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's -RCB- staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Jack Kemp is HUD Secretary .', SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .',', Some people -LCB- on Jack Kemp 's -RCB- staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown .' ), 'And , I have to tell you something .' ), 'I 'm not going to take it .'))

Input: They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen -LRB- $ 140 million -RRB- in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the venture .','They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen -LRB- $ 140 million -RRB- .' ), 'The venture 's headquarters would be in France or West Germany .')

Input: The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for about a year in 1987 .','The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the coffee business .', CO/LIST('The Kraft General Foods brand gave up several market share points .','The Kraft General Foods brand gave up its leadership position .')))

Input: For their part , the group of Democrats are working on a plan that , like the Packwood proposal , would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for their part .','The group of Democrats are working on a plan the longer they were held by individuals and companies .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is to assets .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like the Packwood proposal .','A plan would grant larger exclusions .')))

Input: But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the map .', CO/LIST('But it could ultimately lead to German reunification .','But it could ultimately lead to the disappearance of East Germany .'))

Input: The would-be raider even hired an investment banker to give teeth to his takeover threat , which was widely interpreted as an effort to flush out an acquirer for USAir , or for his own stake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/PURPOSE('The would-be raider even hired an investment banker .','This was to give teeth to his takeover threat , or for his own stake .' )SUB/PURPOSE('His takeover threat was widely interpreted as an effort .','This was to flush out an acquirer for USAir .'))

Input: National Semiconductor , which went up 1\/4 to 7 5\/8 , and Genentech , which eased 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Radio stations provided an emergency number for people who smelled gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for people .','Radio stations provided an emergency number .' )CO/CONTRAST('People smelled gas .', SUB/PURPOSE('People did n't know .','This was to turn off their gas supply .')))

Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Ruskin had said that holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ruskin was Mr. .', SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ruskin had said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .','Holders of the other 45 % of United Merchants would receive one-half share of a new preferred stock for each of their shares .'))

Input: We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Mr. Laband 's analysis of time values and his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Laband was Mr. .', CO/LIST('We here in the affected areas were dazzled by Laband 's analysis of time values .','We here in the affected areas were dazzled by his comparisons of effectiveness concerning research and development .'))

Input: As part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was significant litigation pending .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said as part of the agreement with the state .', CO/CONTRAST('They would not proceed with condemnation proceedings .','There was significant litigation pending .'))

Input: In July , Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .', CO/LIST('Par owned .','A 60 % - owned .' ), 'Unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official .'))

Input: The investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the premium , and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('The investor will be out the cost of the put .','The cost of the put is called the premium .' ), 'This loss will reduce the stock-market profit .')

Input: Onstage , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is onstage .','A congressional hearing is in progress .'))

Input: If those who have the money do n't get involved with the museums and the charities , then City Hall will do it , badly .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Those do n't get involved with the museums .','Those do n't get involved with the charities .' ), 'Those have the money .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is badly .','Then City Hall will do it .'))

Input: And we do n't have internal controls and discipline that we need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('And we do n't have internal controls .','And we do n't have discipline .' ), 'We need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly .')

Input: Dade County and federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(CO/LIST('Dade County , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans .','Federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans .' ), 'This was to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil .')

Input: Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior around the world , the editorial says , through the enactment of laws that limit advertising , boost tobacco prices and promote anti-smoking education .
Prediction: CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was around the world .','Non-smoking should be established as the norm of social behavior , the editorial says , through the enactment of laws .' ), 'Laws limit advertising .' ), 'Non-smoking should boost tobacco prices .','Non-smoking should promote anti-smoking education .')

Input: For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the year .','The year was ended June 30 , 1989 .' ), 'Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million .')

Input: In July , Eastern and its creditors agreed on a reorganization plan that called for Eastern to sell $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection at two-thirds its former size .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in July .', CO/LIST('Eastern agreed on a reorganization plan .','Its creditors agreed on a reorganization plan .' )SUB/PURPOSE('A reorganization plan called for Eastern .','This was to sell $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection at two-thirds its former size .')))

Input: The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. and a $ 350 million Federal National Mortgage Association deal underwritten by Greenwich Capital Markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue .', CO/LIST('A $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue was underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. .'
