Input: But while the New York Stock Exchange didn't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test, traders say, unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test, traders say, unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks.', 'Some circuit breakingers installed during the October 1986 crash failedtheir first test, traders say, unable to Cool the selling anxiety in both futures.'] )

Input: The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again couldn't handle the selling pressure.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again couldn't handle the selling pressure.", "The 49 Stock specialist firmson the BigBoard floor --the sellers of last Resort who were criticised after the 1986 crash -- never again could N't handlethe selling pressure..."] )

Input: Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL, AMR, BankAmerica, Walt Disney, Capital Cities\/ABC, Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL, AMR, BankAmerica, Walt Disney, Capital Cities\\/ABC, Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading.', 'Seven BigBoard stocks -- UnitedAL, AmR, Pacific R.,BankAmerica, and Walt Disney -- never resumed.'] )

Input: Many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Many money managers had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet.','some traders had already exited their offices earlier Friday afternoon in a warm Autumn day -- although the stock Market was so silent.'] )

Input: Then in a lightning plunge, the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year, chalking up a 190.58-point, or 6.9 %, loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Then in a lightning plunge, the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year, chalking up a 190.58-point, loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume.', 'Then in an lightning plunge, the DowJones industrial in barelyan hour surrendered nearly a thirdof their gainsthis year, chalk up a 6.9 %, loss in the days in gargANTuan trading volumes.'] )

Input: In percentage terms, however, the Dow's dive was the 12th-worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83, or 8 %, a week after Black Monday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In percentage terms, however, the Dow's dive was the 12th-worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83, a week after Black Monday.", "In percentages terms, However, the dow's diving was the 13th- worst ever andthe sharpest until the market fall 8 %, aweek after BlackMonday."] )

Input: Shares of UAL, the parent of United Airlines, were extremely active all day Friday, reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Shares of UAL, the parent of United Airlines, were extremely active all day Friday, reacting to news about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group.', 'Shares of LAL,the parent ofUnited Airlines,, wereextremely active all Day Friday, react to rumors about the alleged $ 6,79 billion sell-out in the airlineby an employee'-management group.'] )

Input: Wall Street's takeover-stock speculators, or risk arbitragers, had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Wall Street's takeover-stock speculators, had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed.", "Wall Street "Wall street's acquisition-stock manipulators,had placed unusually high bets that UAL stock would rise.", 'Wall Street ''s risk arbitragers, had placing unusually large stakes that a coup would succeed.', 'Wallstreet's risk arbitrationragers ) had placed unexpectedly large bets on UAL Stock would rise.'] )

Input: And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group couldn't get financing for its bid.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arbitragers couldn't dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Arbitragers couldn't dump their UAL stock.", 'they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had.'] )

Input: For example, their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group, which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2, Delta Air Lines, which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4, and Philips Industries, which sank 3 to 21 1\/2.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['For example, their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group, which closed down 3 7\\/8 to 41 1\\/2.', 'For example, their selling led to Delta Air Lines, which fell 7 3\\/4 to 69 1\\ /4.'] )

Input: But as panic spread, speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But as panic spread, speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris to offset their losses.', 'But aspanic spread, specsulators beganto sell blue chips such as International Business Machines to offsettheir losses.'] )

Input: Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, trading was temporarily halted in Chicago.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Under an agreement signed by the Big Board, trading was temporarily halted in Chicago.', 'Under an agreements signed by both the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, tradingwas temporarily haltedin Chicago.'] )

Input: After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago, waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board, and specialists continued to notch prices down.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['After the trading halt in the S & P 500 pit in Chicago, waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board.', 'After the reporting halt in S & p 500 pitin Chicago, specialists continued to notch prices down.'] )

Input: As a result, the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart.
Prediction: NONE

Input: This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading, stock index arbitrage, that closely links the futures and stock markets, and has been blamed by some for the market's big swings.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading, stock index arbitrage, that closely links the futures and stock markets.', "This confusion has been blamed by some for the market's big swings."] COORDINATIONS( ["This confusion have been blamedby some for what has been blames by many for the situation'sbig swings.", 'This confusion essentially halted one forms of program investing, stockindex arbitrage, that closely ties the futures markets.' 'This uncertainty effectively halted two form of programs trading, share index arbitra, that tightly links the stock markets,.'] ))

Input: -LRB- In a stock-index arbitrage sell program, traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference. -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['-LRB- In a stock-index arbitrage sell program, traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks to lock in a price difference. -RRB-', '-LRB-' In a share-index appealrage sellprogram, traders offset the trade in futures to lockin a price gap. -LRB/ In a high-index actrage sell scheme, traders buying big basketsof stocks to tighten in a Price difference. ['-lRB- in a stock -index arbitrar sell program, traders sell big basket of stocks. -RLB-'] )

Input: But stocks kept falling.
Prediction: NONE

Input: I just think it's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I just think it's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped things.", "I just thought it "s non productive at this time to get in a debateif index arbitrag would have hurt things."] )

Input: Under another post-crash system, Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter-exchange hot line to the other exchanges, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Under another post-crash system, Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter-exchange hot line to the other exchanges, the Securities and Exchange Commission.', 'Under another pre-crashing system, big Board PresidentRichard Grasso-LRB-' Mr. Lhelan is flying to Thailand as themarket was falling "-RRB'- was talkingon an inter-(exchange Hot line to both the Federal Reserve Board.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Over another post'-crash System, Big board President Richard Gro - LRB-Mr. PHelan was going to Bangkokas the market is falling - RRB- is talking onan inter-Exchange hot lines to the Federal Federal Reserve Group.', "Under anotherpost-crASH system, Little Board President Roger Grasso "-LRB'- Mr. Ghelan, flying to Thai as the Market was falling-RRB - was talking in an interchange hotline to the two exchanges,the Securities Commission.", "Under again post-Crash system, Big Board president Richard Grassoo -L RB- Mr.- Mr. phelan been flying to Singapore as the markets was falling --RRB‑ was talking up an inter'-exchange cold line to other exchanges, the Exchange Commission."] ))

Input: He camped out at a high-tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board, where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders.
Prediction: NONE

Input: At about 3:30 p.m. EDT, S&P futures resumed trading, and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At about 3:30 p.m. EDT, S & P futures resumed trading.', 'for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['at about 3.30 p.-m. EST, S& P futures started trading?', 'For a brief period the futures markets startedto come back to line.', "for a fleeting time the stock markets start to come forth in line."] ))

Input: But the build-up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market, and the link with stocks began to fray again.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But the build-up of S & P futures sell orders weighed on the market.', 'But the link with stocks began to fray again.'] )

Input: At about 3:45, the S&P market careened to still another limit, of 30 points down, and trading was locked again.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At about 3:45, the S & P market careened to still another limit, of 30 points down,.', 'At about three: 45, trading was locked again.'] )

Input: The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 and that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987.', 'The release warned that there have still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market.'] COORDINATIONS( [' The release cautionedthat there are still attractive Investment opportunities inthe stock market, 'The released cautioned that they are significant Differences between the present environment.', "The release warns that there is significant differences among that of Oct 1987."] ))

Input: And I think a lot of people will harp on program trading.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there were no buyers.
Prediction: NONE

Input: At those levels, stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers, who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall, and simultaneously sell off stocks.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At those levels, stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers, who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall,.', 'At those Levels, stocks have set upto be hammeredby index arbitrsagers, whose simultaneously sell off stocks.'] )

Input: But nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But nobody knows at what level the futures will open today.', 'But nobody know at what stage the stocks will open day.'] )

Input: The de-linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But specialists complain privately that just as in the 1987 crash, the upstairs firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday's blood-letting.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Phelan said, It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying and selling Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Phelan said, It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying Friday.', 'Mr. phelan at, There will take an day or less to analyze whom was selling Friday.'] )

Input: Concerning your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles and the leeches : It's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Concerning your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles : It's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom.", "Concerning our Sept. 22 page- one article on the leeches : It "s afew hundred yearsSince England has be a kingdom..."] )

Input: It's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, comprising Wales, Northern Ireland, Scotland, and... oh yes, England, too.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["It's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain, comprising Wales, Northern Ireland, Scotland, and... oh yes, England, too.", "It'sa now theUnited Kingdom of Northern Ireland, comprising Wales, Northern Irish, Glasgow, and..." oh yes."] )

Input: The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt and other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air-charter operations.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt as well as other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air-charter operations.', 'The company described a portion from the $ 42 million realizedfrom the sales is used to repayment its bank debts as soon as it expires air-Charter operations?', 'A portion of what $ 32 billion realized from a sales was used to pay its other obligations ensuing from the current suspended Air-charters operations.'] )

Input: A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp.'s real-estate and shopping-center holdings.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp.'s real-estate holdings.", "A consortium with private investors operate as L.j. Hookers Corp. said he has madea $ 409 billion cash bidfor most of its shopping-center holdings."] )

Input: The group is led by Jay Shidler, chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu, and A. Boyd Simpson, chief executive of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The group is led by Jay Shidler, chief executive officer of Shidlers Investment Corp. in Honolulu.', 'The group comes led by A. Boyd Simpson, chief executive of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc.'] )

Input: Mr. Shidler's company specializes in commercial real-estate investment and claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Shidler's company specializes in commercial real-estate investment ; Mr. Simpson is a developer of L.J. Hooker.", "Mr. Schidler "s firm specializes in Commercial real- estate investment ;Mr. Simpson claims to have $ 1 billion in assets, Mr. Homer is a former senior executive of L.-J. Hooker,", " Mr. Shidiler 'S company claims to has $ 1 million in assets ; Mr.- Simpson isa developer ofL.J. hooker.". "Mr.-Shidler "'s company claimsto have $ one billion inassets ; Mr- Simpson is an former senior executives of L."J. hooker "] )

Input: The assets are good, but they require more money and management than can be provided in L.J. Hooker's current situation, said Mr. Simpson in an interview.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The assets are good, said Mr. Simpson in an interview.', "they require more money and management than can be provided in L.J. Hooker's current situation, saidMr. Simpsonin an interview."] COORDINSATION( ["The assets is good, compared with Mr. Homer in an interviews.", "theyrequire more money than can can beprovided inL.J.", " they require more management than Can be providedIn L.L. HookER's present situation, compared to Mr. Simpsons in an Interview."] ))

Input: Hooker's philosophy was to build and sell.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Hooker's philosophy was to build.", "HookER's Philosophy was to sell."] )

Input: We want to build and hold.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['We want to build.', 'We wants to hold.'] )

Input: Sanford Sigoloff, chief executive of L.J. Hooker, said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Sanford Sigoloff, chief executive of L.J. Hooker, said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid.', 'Sanford Zigoloff, chief executiveof L.L. HookER, said Wednesday in a Statement that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Sanford Sigolooff, chairman of L.-J. hooker, made yesterday ina statement that we has notyet seen the bids.', "Sanford Siegoloff ) chief executive from L.JR. Hookers, saidYesterday in a statements that he will review it.", 'Sanfi Sigolup, chief executives of L.J.hooker, announced yesterday in A statement thathe would bring itto the attention for the creditors committees.'] ))

Input: Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller or B. Altman & Co., L.J. Hooker's department-store chains.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller, L.J. Hooker's department-store chains.", "Not includedin the bid were B. Altman & Co., L.-J. hooker 'S department-Store chains."] )

Input: The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati, the 800,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia, S.C., and the 700,000 square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton, Colo.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati, the 800,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia, S.C.,.', 'The offers covers the 700,000 Square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton, Colo.'] )

Input: Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta, expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International, the commercial real-estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate, plus other shopping centers.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We don't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid, said Allan Campbell, the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett, in an interview.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["We don't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid, said Allan Campbell, the head of mergers at Hoare Govett, in an interview.", "We do N't anticipate Any problems in raise the fundingfor the bid, said AllanCamp, the chief of acquisitions at Hoary Govetti, inan interview."] )

Input: Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious, but ill-fated, $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co., as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers, a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc., the Houston-based retailer, and Parisian Inc., the Southeast department-store chain.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious, $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co., as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers, a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc., the Houston-based retailer, and Parisian Inc., the Southeast department-store chain.', 'Mr. Hescu proceededto launch an ill-fated, $ 2 billion acquisition spree that includedBonwit Tell and B. Altman - Co., as wellas majority positionsin Merksaman Jewelers, a Sac chain ; Sowitz Inc., theHouston-based retail, andParisian Inc.(, the Southeast Department-store chains.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Mr. Hersci proceeded tolaunch an ambitious, $ 1 year acquisition bingethat included Bonkt Teller, as far as majority position in Meraksamer JewelERS, a Sac Chain ; Sakitz Inc..', "Mr. Hiscu proceeded in launch an aggressive, $ 3 billion acquisition frenzy that included B.Altman & CO.,as well as majorities positions inMerksamer Jewers, the Sacramento chain.", 'Mr.-Herscu proceeded on launch an unsuccessful, $ 31 billion acquisition blitz that included bonwit Telling, as soon as majority points in Sakowitz Corp.,the Houston- based retailer,.', ['Mr.- Herscu proceed to launch such unsuccessful, 'Mr- Herscu proceeds to launch a unsuccessful, failed, $ 21 billion acquisition bubble that included Bonnie Teller, as faras majority points from Parisian Dec., a Southeast department'-store chain,.' 'Mr - Herscu proceeding to launch interest in an interest in a successful, failed-feated,$ 1 billion acquire binge that includes B. altman & Col., two well asmajority positions in MksamerJewers, an Sacramento chain.'] ))

Input: Eventually Mr. Simpson and Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company, and Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Eventually Mr. Simpson and Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company.', 'Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Mr. Homer said he resign in 1988.', 'Eventually Mr, Simpson had a fall out over what direction ofthe company., 'Eventually others with a fallingout over what company.'] ))

Input: Since then, Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Since then, Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian's management.", 'Since then, Hooker Inc. is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain.'] )

Input: These aren't mature assets, but they have the potential to be so, said Mr. Shidler.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["These aren't mature assets, said Mr. Shidler.", 'they have the potential to be so.'] )

Input: Managed properly, and with a long-term outlook, these can become investment-grade quality properties.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Managed properly, these can become investment-grade quality properties.', 'with a long-term outlook, these are investment-Grade quality properties.'] )

Input: The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills and redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills.', 'The Treasury wants to raise new cashThursday by redeeming $ 8.58 billion of maturing bills.'] )

Input: The bills will be dated Oct. 26 and will mature Oct. 25, 1990.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The bills will be dated Oct. 26.', 'The bills mature Oct. 25, 1990.'] )

Input: Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury.', 'Bids should be received at Federal Reserve banks or branches.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['bids must been received by one p.hm. EDT Wednesday at the treasury.', "Bids Must be received on Federal Reserve banking.", 'Bid must be used at Federal Federal Reserve branches.] ))

Input: And many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['And many fund managers have built up cash levels.', 'And many funds managers say they will be buying stock this week.'] )

Input: At Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest fund company, telephone volume was up sharply, but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["At Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest fund company, telephone volume was up sharply.", 'it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987.'] )

Input: Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend and a lot of fear around, said C. Bruce Johnstone, who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity-Income Fund.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend, said C. Bruce Johnstone, who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity-Income Fund.", "Two years Ago there were a lot of fear around, described C.Bruce Johnstone, who runs fidelity Investments " $ 5 million Equity- Income Fund "] )

Input: But fund managers say they're ready.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Windsor Fund's John Neff and Mutual Series'Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 %, respectively, this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Windsor Fund's John Neff said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 %, respectively, this year.", "Mellon Series'Michael Price said they have raisedtheir cash levelsto more than 80 % and 70 % ) respectively,."] )

Input: Even Peter Lynch, manager of Fidelity's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund, the nation's largest stock fund, built up cash to 7 % or $ 850 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Even Peter Lynch, manager of Fidelity's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund, the nation's largest stock fund, built up cash to 7 %.", "Even PeterLyn, manager from Fidelity "s $ 14.7 million MagellanFund, the country's large stock fund ) built up Cash to $ 850 million."] )

Input: One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions, the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions, the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August.', 'One reason are that aftertwo years of month net redemptionions, it posted net flows of moneyfrom investors in September.'] )

Input: That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August and September of 1987.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % levels in August of 1987.', 'That, modestly up than the8.8 percentage levels in September of 1987.', 'There was modestLY higher than 9.2 % levels on August of 1988.', "That was moderately higher over 9.1 % levels from September of 1988."] )

Input: But a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around, fund managers said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months, but monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months.','monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels.'] )

Input: Vincent Bajakian, manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund, added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Vincent Bajakian, manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund, added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb Friday.', 'Vincent Cajakians, managerof the $ 2.8 million Wellington Fund, added tohis positions in Woolworth Friday.' 'Vince Bajakinian, managers of the U 1. 8 billion Wellington fund, added unto his positions on Dun & Bradstreet Friday.'] )

Input: And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly, Pfizer and American Home Products whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines.", "And today we 'll been looking to buying drug stocks such as Pfizer whose dividends yields have be bolstered by share declines.". "And Today he's looking to get drug stockslike American Home Products whose dividend yield have been boosted by stock losses."] )

Input: If the market drops further today, he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers and Kellogg.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["If the market drops further today, he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers.", "If the markets drops further day, he made he's buying blue chip such as Kellogg."] )

Input: But most investors were seeking share prices and other information.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But most investor were seeking share prices.', 'But most investors were seeking other information.'] )

Input: They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines and other snags that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987.', 'They hopeto avoid the other snags that infuriating some fundinvest in October 1986.'] )

Input: But most investors seemed to be in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode, said Steven Norwitz, a vice president.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Vanguard, among other groups, said it was adding more phone representatives today to help investors get through.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year's fat profits.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Some early sell is likely to stem from investors who want to lock in this year's fat profits.", "Some early selling is likely will stem from portfolio managers who wants to lockin this year ""] )

Input: Elaine Garzarelli, who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.'s $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio, predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and some panic selling.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Elaine Garzarelli, who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.'s $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio, predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors.", "ElaineGarzaretti, who ran Shearson Leighman Hutt Inc. "Eliana Garzarrelli,who runs She Carson LehmanHutton Inc!'s U 335 million Sect Analysis Portfolios, predicts that market will close down at at least 70 points on some panic selling."] )

Input: But she expects prices to rebound soon and is telling investors she expects the stock market won't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But she expects prices to rebound soon.', "But she is telling investors she expects the stock market won't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs."] )

Input: Half of them are really scared and want to sell, she said, but I'm trying to talk them out of it.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Half of them are really scared and want to sell, she said.', "I'm trying to talk them out of it."] COORDINSATION( ["I're trying to talked them outof it.", 'Half of they are really scary, she says.', 'half of them want to selling, she explained.'] ))

Input: Two years ago, unlike today, the dollar was weak, interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued, they say.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Two years ago, unlike today, the dollar was weak, they say.', 'Two years Ago, unlike day, interest rates were rising, they says.', '(Two years yesterday, unlike Today, the market was very overvalued, they argue.'] )

Input: From the investors'standpoint, institutions and individuals learned a painful lesson... by selling at the lows on Black Monday, said Stephen Boesel, manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["From the investors'standpoint, institutions learned a painful lesson... by selling at the lows on Black Monday, said Stephen Boesel, manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth Fund.", "From the investor'standpoint, institutions learneda painful lesson -- by Selling at the low on BlackMonday, saidStephen Boeskel, managerof the $ 570 million T. Rowe Price Income Fund.". "From a investors'perspective, individuals learned a gruesome lesson...by selling atthe lows on Friday Monday, described Stephen Boeel, managers of the Nov 580 million $. Rowe price Growth Fund.", "From an investors'viewpoint, individuals learn a painful reminder... by Sellingat the lows in Black Monday, said Stephen Coesel, manager of a $ 580 billion T. Row Price Income fund."] )

Input: Newport Corp. said it expects to report fiscal-first-quarter earnings of between 15 cents and 19 cents a share, somewhat below analysts'estimates of 19 cents to 23 cents.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The maker of scientific instruments said orders fell below expectations in recent months.', 'The maker for laser parts said orders fall below expectationsin recent months.'] )

Input: A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter's figure, when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million, or 21 cents a share, on $ 14.1 million in sales.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter's figure, when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million, on $ 14.1 million in sales.", "A spokesman attached that salesin the current week will aboutequal the yearrearlierquarter's number, when Newman reported net incomes of 21 cents a share, on its 14.2 million in sale."] )

Input: Peter Otradovec, vice president for planning at the Phoenix, Ariz., carrier, said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing, now entering its 13th day, has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Peter Otradovec, vice president for planning at the Phoenix, Ariz., carrier, said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing, now entering its 13th day, has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines.'] )

Input: Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday wouldn't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights, including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday wouldn't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights, including three nonstops to Phoenix.", "Mr. otradovesc said Samsung told AmericaWest that the seven57 it is supposed toget this Thursday willn't been delivered until Dec. 7 - the day before the airline has been planning for initiate service in Houston with two daily flights, including one nonstop to Las Vegas."] )

Input: At this point, no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio, Texas ; Newark, N.J. ; and Palmdale, Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At this point, no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio, Texas -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries.', 'At This point,no other AmericaWest flights -- like its new services at Newark, N.J. -- have be affected by a delays in BA deliveries.'] )

Input: I just don't feel that the company can really stand or would want a prolonged walkout, Tom Baker, president of Machinists'District 751, said in an interview yesterday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I just don't feel that the company can really stand, Tom Baker, president of Machinists'District 751, said in an interview yesterday.", "I just would want a prolonged walkout, Tomaker, presidentof Machinist'District seven51, smiled in an interviews yesterday."] )

Input: America West, though, is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['America West, though, is a smaller airline than many of its competitors would be.', 'AmericaWest,though, is therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many among its competitors will be.'] )

Input: I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets, they might not miss one at all, Mr. Otradovec said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['I figure that American probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets, they might not miss one at all, Mr. Otradovec said.', 'I figure whether United probably have so a hard job counting all of the planesin their fleets, they might just miss one on all,Mr. OTradovecs said.'] )

Input: Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery at the end of this month and expects to have the plane on time.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery at the end of this month.', 'Southwest Brands expects to have the plane on time.'] )

Input: American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December and 20 more next year and isn't anticipating any changes in that timetable.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December next year.', "American isn't anticipating any changes in that timetable."] )

Input: In Seattle, a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In Seattle, a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers.', 'In Seattle, a Boeing spokes explained that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike.'] )

Input: Meanwhile, supervisors and non-striking employees have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company's Everett, Wash., plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Meanwhile, supervisors have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company's Everett, Wash., plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout.", "Meanwhile, non-striking employees have been Trying to finishSome 40 aircraft, mostly 747 or 767jumbo jetsat the company "s Everett, Wash.."] )

Input: As of Friday, four had been delivered and a fifth plane, a 747-400, was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['As of Friday, four had been delivered.', 'a fifth plane, a 747-400, was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China.'] )

Input: The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term and that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term, said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term, said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc.', 'The market have taken two Views : that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term, described Howard Rubels, analyst at Cyrus j. Lawrence INC.'] )

Input: But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month, hinting that the company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month, hinting that the company may resume negotiations as early as this week.', 'But Mr.- Baker said we thinks the quickest a pact may be struck will be the beginning of this week, hinted that the union may resume talks as earlyas this week?'] )

Input: But Mr. Baker called the letter -- and the company's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact, plus bonuses -- very weak.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But Mr. Baker called the letter -- very weak.', "But he called the company's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact, plus bonuses -- very strong."] )

Input: He added that the company miscalculated the union's resolve and the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["He added that the company miscalculated the union's resolve.", "He added on the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime."] )

Input: In separate developments : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp. and the Calabasas, Calif., aerospace company.
Prediction: NONE

Input: It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday, but that has been pushed back indefinitely.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday.', 'that has been pushed back indefinitely.'] )

Input: -- And Boeing on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 767-300 wide-body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 326 million.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons, but not because of the strike.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons, but not because of the strike.'] )

Input: Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants, some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB-, in Great Britain and elsewhere.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants, some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US $ 851 million -RRB-, in Great Britain.', 'Atco Corp., said its utility arm is Considering building new electrical power plants, some valued for more than One billion Canadian dollar -L RB- US$ 851 billion -RRb-, elsewhere.'] )

Input: C.S. Richardson, Atco's senior vice president, finance, said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada, and conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere, including Britain, where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["C.S. Richardson, Atco's senior vice president, finance, said its 50.1 % -owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada, where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program.", "C.C.Richards, Atko's strategic vice president, finance, described conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere, including Britain, wherethe British government wants to allowlimited competition in electric generation from public-sector supplier as partof its privatization effort."] )

Input: But we wouldn't go into them alone, and Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["But we wouldn't go into them alone, he said.", "But Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small, he apologised."] )

Input: Ideally, we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- and a modest equity investor.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Ideally, we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB-.", "Ideally."] )

Input: Mr. Richardson wouldn't offer specifics regarding Atco's proposed British project, but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Richardson wouldn't offer specifics regarding Atco's proposed British project.", "he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities."] COORDINATIONAL( [" Mr. Richardson willn't address specifics regarding Inco 'S proposed British Project.", 'he saidit would compete with customers withtwo huge British Power generating companies which would be disbanded under the company's plans to privatized its massive Water utilities.', 'he called it would competition for customerswith two hugeBritish power generating Companies that would been formed under a country 'S plan to privatizationize its huge electric utilities.'] ))

Input: Britain's government plans to raise about  20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities, beginning next month.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Britain's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water utilities, beginning next month.", "Britain 'S government plans on raise about  20 billion "-LRB - $ 31,05 billion-RRB‑ fromthe sale ofmost of its Giant electric utilities, then next month..."] )

Input: Under terms of the plan, independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994, and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Under terms of the plan, independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994.', 'In terms of a plan,independent generators would been able to for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['During terms ofthe plan, independence generators would being able to competed for15 % of customer until 1994 %', 'Under termsof the plan ; independent generators will be able for another 15 % between 1995 % between 1998 %', ['Under Terms of the process, independent Generations would be capable for another 20 % between 1996 % between 1997 %.'] ))

Input: Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion, mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta, where the company serves about 800,000 customers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C $ 1.16 billion, mainly from its natural gas utility businesses in Alberta, where the company serves about 800,000 customers.', 'Canadian Utilities lost 1988 revenueof C$ 1. 16 billion, primarily from its electric utility businesses on Alberta, when the company serve about 800,000 customers.'] )

Input: There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity, Mr. Richardson said, and Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity.', 'Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it.'] )

Input: We're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England, said Bruce Stram, vice president, corporate strategy and corporate planning, with Enron Corp., Houston, a big natural gas producer and pipeline operator.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["We're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England, said Bruce Stram, vice president, corporate strategy and corporate planning, with Enron Corp., Houston, a big natural gas producer.", "We'm certainly looking on some power generation projects inEngland, saidBruce Stram, vice president, corporate strategy or corporate planning, with EnRON Corp..'] )

Input: PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million, or 14 cents to 18 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1,7 million.', 'PSe Inc. declined to report second earnings of 14 cents to 18 cents a share.'] )

Input: In the year-ago quarter, the designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 326,000, or four cents a share, on revenue of about $ 41.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the year-ago quarter, the designer and operator of cogeneration plants had net income of $ 326,000, on revenue of about $ 41.4 million.', 'In the years-ago period, the Designer and operatorof cogenerations plants had gross income of four cents a share, on money of about U 41. 4 million., 'Inthe year-old quarter,the designer and operators of waste heat recovery plants had nets income of more 326,400, onvenue of about Mr 41.3 million.'In theyear-ago week, the design and operatorOf waste heat Recovery plants hadnet income of two cents a per, on fees of about Nov 41.2 million.'] )

Input: CONCORDE trans-Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris and $ 3,200 to London.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['CONCOR DE trans-Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris.', 'CONCORDE trans-atlantic flights are about $ 3,200 to London.'] )

Input: The well flowed at a rate of 2.016 million cubic feet of gas a day through a 16 64-inch opening at depths between 5,782 and 5,824 feet.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The partnership, Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership, is a 50-50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp., a unit of Heitman Financial Corp., a real estate advisory, management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills, Calif.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The land to be purchased by the joint venture hasn't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development, and part of Kaufman & Broad's job will be to obtain such approvals.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The land to be purchased by the joint venture hasn't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development.", "part of Kaufman & Broad's job will be to obtain such approvals."] COORDINATIONAL( ["part of Kelley & Broad.', "the land to being purchased bythe joint venture hasn't yet been received zoning required for Development.", 'The landto be bought by the venture has not yet received other approvals needed for development.'] ))

Input: The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development, but in return, it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices, which can result in sizable savings, said Bruce Karatz, president and chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development, said Bruce Karatz, president of Kaufman & Broad.', 'The partnership is running the risk of it not getting the approvals in return, it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices, which can result in sizable savings, described Bruce Karakis, president and chief executive officer of Kaufman \\ Broad.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['This partnership runsthe risk that he may not getting approval for development, said BruceKaratz, director of Kaufman + Broad., 'in return, he can buy Land at wholesale instead than retail Prices, which could result in substantial savings, saidBruce Karatz, president of Kau & Broad.', 'inreturn, itcan buy landat wholesale rather Than retail prices, which canresult in sizable Savings, said Karatz -- chief executive officers of Kaufman | Broad.] ))

Input: Typically, developers option property, and then once they get the administrative approvals, they buy it, said Mr. Karatz, adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Typically, developers option property, said Mr. Karatz, adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind.', 'Typically, once they get the administrative approvals, they buy it, saidMr. Karowitz, addingthat he believes that joint venture will the first one of its type.'] )

Input: The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital, although it is responsible for providing management, planning and processing services to the joint venture.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital, although it is responsible for providing management services to the joint venture.', 'The company has putting uponly 10 %of the capital, although it has responsible for supplying planning services tothe joint venture.', 'A company is put up only 90 % of capital,Although it is guilty for providing processing services to a joint venture?'] )

Input: But now prices have nose-dived and Quantum's profit is plummeting.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But now prices have nose-dived.', "But now Quantum's profit is plummeting."] )

Input: Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter, compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million, or $ 3.92 a share, on sales of $ 724.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter, compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million, on sales of $ 724.4 million.', 'Some securities analyses are lookingfor no betterthan break- even results fromthe company forthe third quarter, compared with years-earliest profit of about $ 3.92 a share, on sale of $ seven24.3 million.'] )

Input: And the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp., the company exited the wine and spirits business and plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive's job in 1986.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp., the company exited the wine and spirits business after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive's job in 1986.', "Once knownas National Distillingers & chemical Corp., the company plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr.- Stookeyk took the prime executive ''s job in 1987."] COORDINATIONAL( ["Once known with National Distillerers & Chem Corp. ) the company floowed moreof its resources in plastics afterMr. Stookesy took his job in 1985.", 'Once known by National Distilliers & Motor Corp. ))

Input: Mr. Stookey, 59 years old, declined to be interviewed for this article, but he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Stookey, 59 years old, declined to be interviewed for this article.', 'overseas of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction.'] )

Input: Quantum's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin, used to make garbage bags, milk jugs, housewares, toys and meat packaging, among other items.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co., Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co., Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings.', 'But its competitor -- also Dow Chemical Corp., union Carbide Inc. andsever oil giants - have much narrower business interests.'] )

Input: Benchmark grades, which still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring, have skidded to between 35 cents and 40 cents.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world, other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world, other buyers then bet that prices had peaked.', 'Calculated that excess Polyethylene will soon be slidingoshingaround the world, other buyers so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product.'] )

Input: No one knows, however, whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['No one knows, however, whether the new posted prices will stick once producers start to haggle.', 'No one likes, however, whether thenew posted prices Will stick once customers start to gaggle.'] )

Input: One doubter is George Krug, a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. and a bear on plastics stocks.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['One doubter is George Krug, a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co..', 'One doubters is George Koz, a bear on plastics stocks.'] )

Input: But others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual straight-from-the-shoulder performance.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two workers died and six remain in the hospital.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Two workers died.','six remain in the hospital.'] )

Input: Until this year, the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate and picking up trade-group safety awards.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Until this year, the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate.', 'Until this week, the companies had been picking up trade-group safety awards.'] )

Input: When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand, calculating lost profit and thus claims under business-interruption insurance is straightforward.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand, calculating lost profit is straightforward.', 'When a plants has just being running flatout to meetdemand, claims under business-interruption insurance is straightforward.'] )

Input: But the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting.
Prediction: NONE

Input: You say you could have sold X percent of this product and Y percent of that, recalls Theodore Semegran, an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['You say you could have sold X percent of this product, recalls Theodore Semegran, an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer.', 'You say he could have sell Y percent of that, recallsodore Semeggran, analyst at She Carson Lehman Cutton who goes through this Exercise during his current career as an chemical engineer.'] )

Input: And then you still have to negotiate.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum's polyethylene production and 50 % of its ethylene production.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum's polyethylene production.", 'The plantUsually accounts for 50 % of its ethylene production.'] )

Input: Asked about a bid for Quantum, a BP spokesman says, We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors, and I think that falls in that category.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Asked about a bid for Quantum, a BP spokesman says, We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors.','Asked about a Bid for Quantum, a BP spokeswoman says, I think that falls in that category.'] )

Input: A spokesman for the New York-based food and tobacco giant, taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit, and dismissing its 14 employees, in a move to save money.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A spokesman for the New York-based food giant, taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit, in a move to save money.', 'A spokesmanFor the New YORK-based Food giant, taking private earlierthis year ina $ 25 million leveraged sell-outby Kohlberger Kravis Robertson & Co.- Co. ) confirmed that It is dismissing its 14 employees, ina move to saving money., 'A spokeswoman for theNew York- based tobacco giant, chosen private earlier last year in in a U 25 billion Leveraged buy-'out by Mahlberg Cravis Roberts Co.? Co. ; confirmed thatIt is shutting downs the R JR Nabisco Broadcasting unit, by a moveto save money.', 'a spokesman for The New York -based tobacco giant, taken private later this yearin a $ 20 billion leveraging buy-up by Kohlsberg K Travis Roberts & Corp., affirmed that it are dismissing its14 employees, by in a moving to savemoney.'] )

Input: The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network-buying plans with its two main advertising firms, FCB\/Leber Katz and McCann Erickson.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network-buying plans with its two main advertising firms, FCB\\/Leber Katz.', 'The spokesman described RJR are discussing its networks-buching plans with two main Advertising firms, McCann Erickson.'] )

Input: The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1, and the move won't affect RJR's print, radio and spot-television buying practices.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1.', "The spokesman also said the move won't affect RJR's print, radio and spot-television buying practices."] COORDINATIONAL( 'The spokesman says the broadcast units will be disband Dec.1.', "-The spokesman added that the movewon't affects RJR "s print practices.", "The chairman said the moves wo n's radio practices.". "The spokesperson said the movement wo n' affect R JR's spot-Television buying habits."] ))

Input: The U.S., which is finalizing its steel-import quotas, is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The U.S., which is finalizing its steel-import quotas, is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries.', 'The U.-S. ) which isfinalizing its Steel-import quota, isallocating a bigger share of his steel marketto newly industrialized countries which has relatively unsubidized Steel industries.'] )

Input: Meanwhile, the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan's steel quota, and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Meanwhile, the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan's steel quota.", 'Meanwhile, Japan made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community.'] )

Input: Brazil, similar to Mexico and South Korea, is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas, which expired Sept. 30.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Brazil, similar to Mexico, is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas, which expired Sept. 30.', 'Brazil, according to South Korea, isexpected to negotiatea somewhat bigger portion of the United.Sector than it did under the current five- year steel quotas, which expired Nov. 30 % )

Input: Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries that haven't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1, 1990.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Brazil are the only two countries that haven't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1, 1990.", "Venezuela are theonly two countries who have n'completed steel discussions with the United. 1, 1990."] )

Input: Other countries that don't have formal steel quotas with the U.S., such as Taiwan, Sweden and Argentina, also have supplied steel.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Other countries that don't have formal steel quotas with the U.S., such as Taiwan, also have supplied steel.", "Other countries who do n 't have formal stainless quotas with Japan, other have supplied Steel."] )

Input: It also said it would use that two-and-a-half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade, which has been notoriously managed, subsidized and protected by governments.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It also said it would use that two-and-a-half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade, which has been notoriously managed, subsidized and protected by governments.', 'It also called it woulduse that two-(and-ago-halfyear period to help toward aninternational consensus on free up theinternational steel trade, which has be notoriously managed by governments, subsidized by governments and protectedby governments.'] )

Input: The EC and Japan -- the U.S.'s largest steel suppliers -- haven't been filling their quotas to the full extent.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The EC haven't been filling their quotas to the full extent.", "Japan -- the U.S.'s largest steel suppliers -- have n'been fillingtheir quotas to a full extent "] )

Input: But its quota has been as high as 6.9 % in 1984.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan, the EC, Brazil, Mexico and South Korea provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Japan provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program.', 'the EC provide about 70 % of what steel exported to the United. underthe quota program.', 'Brazil provide about 20 % of which steel imported from the U.-S. during the quota period.', ', 'Mexico provide about 40 % of that steel importing to theU.S.- under the quotas program.", 'South Korea provide about80 % of everything imported to Japan under the penalty program.'] )

Input: The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters, such as Australia and Venezuela.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters, such as Australia.', 'The balance comes supplied bya host of small exporters, such as Venezuela.'] )

Input: That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program and 1 % from cutting Japan's allowance.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program.', "That was basically made up from 1 % from cutting Japan's allowance."] )

Input: These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration's steel-quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["These optional 1 % -a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration's steel-quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries.", "These optional 2 % -ba-year changes to the butter quota programare built intothe Bush administration "s steel -quota Program to give their negotiators leveragewith foreign steel supplier to try trying to get their negotiators to withdraw subsidy andprotectionism fromtheir own steel industry."] )

Input: Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results, but anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results.', 'ElcotEL Inc. anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half.'] )

Input: Elcotel, a telecommunications company, had net income of $ 272,000, or five cents a share, in its year-earlier second quarter, ended Sept. 30.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Elcotel, a telecommunications company, had net income of $ 272,000, in its year-earlier second quarter, ended Sept. 30.', 'ElcotEL, a Telecommunications company, lost net incomeof five cents a share, in his year-airlier secondquarter, ended September. 30 % -'] )

Input: George Pierce, chairman and chief executive officer, said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['George Pierce, chairman, said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million.','George Pierce, chief executive officer, saidin an interviewthat earnings inthe most recentquarter will beabout two centsa share on income of just over $ 4 billion.'] )

Input: Within the next year, Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines, made by Minolta in Japan, in hotels, municipal buildings, drugstores and other public settings around the country.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Within the next year, Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines, made by Minolta in Japan, in hotels around the country.', 'Within thenext year, elcotel intends to place10,000Fax machines, make by Minalta in Japanese, in municipal buildings around the city.', ['Within this year,Elcotel hopes to place 100,000 phone machines, making by Minola inJapan, in drugstores around the company.', '(Within the same year, ELcotel wants to place 110,000 computer machines, Made by Minolaa in Tokyo, in other public settings around the Country.'] )

Input: Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect, store and forward billing data.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect billing data.', 'ElcotEL will providea credit-Card reader for those machines to store billing data.','Elcotel Will provide a link-card readers for the Machines to forward billing data %'] )

Input: Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company's system for automating and handling credit-card calls and collect calls.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company's system for automating and handling credit-card calls.", "ElcotEL has also develop an automatic phone processor that'll help collect calls."] COORDINATIONS( [" Elcotel have also developedan automatic call processors that will give further useof the company "s system to automate credit-Card calls.". "Elotel has already developed an Automatic call processorthat will make Further use of that company 'S system for collecting calls."

Input: The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones, which don't accept coins, for use in hotel lobbies, office lobbies, hospitality lounges and similar settings.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones, which don't accept coins, for use in hotel lobbies.", "The company has also been producing a New line of convenient telephones, which do N't accept Coins, for Use in office lobbies.", "In addition to that, the company will then be producinga new lineof convenience telephone, which doesn't reject coins, to use in hospitality lounges.", "-The company is also be produced a new Line of convenience Telephones, who do n'accept coins, for usein similar settings."] )

Input: Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month.', 'Mr. Porter estimated that both the convenience phones would produceabout $ 5 in recurring net income for each Machine each Month.'] )

Input: Britain's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August and was up 7.6 % for the year, the Central Statistical Office said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Britain's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August, the Central Statistical Office said.", " Britain's wholesale price index was up 7.6 % for the year, theCentral Statistical Office statement."] )

Input: The company said the plan wasn't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest, a maker and marketer of hospital products.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The company said the plan wasn't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest, a maker of hospital products.", "The company declined, in responseto any known offer forQuest, a marketer of patient products."] )

Input: The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person or group acquires more than 15 % of the company's common stock or announces a tender offer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person acquires more than 15 % of the company's common stock.", 'The rights allowing shareholders toPurchase Quest stock in a discount when any person announces a tender offer.', "The rights allows shareholders to buy Quest stockat a discountif any group acquires More than 15 percentage of the department's Common stock.". 'The Rights allow shareholders in purchase Quest Stock at a Discount if any group announces a bid offer.'] )

Input: While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products, the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market, where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging of concentrated products, the true test for P & G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market, where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders.', 'While the Japan have embraced both the compact convenience of concentrate products,the true testfor P & g will bein the $ 3 billion United.Sector, where development is slow but liquids have gain prominence over powderers.'] )

Input: But the product, which wasn't as concentrated as the new Cheer, bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["But the product, which wasn't as concentrated as the new Cheer, bombed in a market test in Denver.", "But the Product, which isn't so concentrated as a new CheER, was dropped."] )

Input: P&G and others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches, but they haven't sold well, despite the convenience.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['P & G and others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches.', "they haven't sold well, despite the convenience."] COORDINATIONS( ["they have.", 'p & G also have tries repeatedly to hooks consumers on Detergent combinations in Pouches,.', 'others also have try repeatedly to hooked consumers on fabric softer combinations in mouches?'] ))

Input: But P&G contends the new Cheer is a unique formula that also offers an ingredient that prevents colors from fading.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And retailers are expected to embrace the product, in part because it will take up less shelf space.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with so many brands vying for space, that's no longer the case.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S., but so far the company has focused on acquisitions, such as last year's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co., a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S..', "so far the company has focused on acquisitions, such as last year's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co., a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker."] )

Input: This is something P&G would do with or without Kao, says Mr. Zurkuhlen.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['This is something P & G would do with Kao, says Mr. Zurkuhlen.', 'This is an P & g would do without Kao.'] )

Input: With economic tension between the U.S. and Japan worsening, many Japanese had feared last week's visit from U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Instead, they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long-term view.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Instead, they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together.', 'Instead,they got a Discussion of the importance of the long-term view.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Eventually, they heard a discussion on the importanceof the long long- term view.', ['Instead, they gota discussion of a need for Japan to Work together.'] ))

Input: He said such results should be measurable in dollars and cents in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He said such results should be measurable in dollars in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.', 'He saidsuch results shouldbe measurable in cents in reducing a U.K. trade deficits with Japan.'] )

Input: But Mrs. Hills, speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday, stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring or summer, it is rather to have a blueprint for action.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But Mrs. Hills, speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday, stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring, it is rather to have a blueprint for action.', 'But Mrs.-Hills, speaking in a breakfast meetings of the Japanese Chamber of commerce in Japanese on Saturday, stressed that as a blueprint of action by summer, it has rather to having a blueprintfor action.'] )

Input: She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we're moving in earnest.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment... some small step to convince the American people that we're moving in earnest.", "She addedthat she expected surely to havea down payment -- some small steps to convince both the Japanese people thatwe're goingin earnest."] )

Input: American and Japanese officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['American officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher.', 'Amish officials offeredSeveral theories for what difference in approaches betwen Mrs. Hills.', "Japanese officials offered various theories forthe difference in Approach betwenMr. Moskacher.", 'Japanese officials offer several theoriesfor the differencein approach betw Mrs. Hill.'] )

Input: But some saw it as a classic negotiating tactic.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And some said it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher's, Mrs. Hills replied : I didn't hear every word he spoke, but as a general proposition, I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher's, Mrs. Hills replied : I didn't hear every word he spoke.", "Asked to comparison her visitto Mr.Mosbacher "s, Mr. Hills replies : as a general proposition, I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration."] )

Input: I don't feel either hard or soft.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I don't feel either hard.", "I doesn't feels either soft."] )

Input: I feel committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['I feel committed to the program of opening markets.', 'I feel connected to the programs of expanding trade.'] )

Input: When she met the local press for the first time on Friday, Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products, satellites and supercomputers, three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['When she met the local press for the first time on Friday, Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products, three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill.', 'When shemet the local Press for the First time on Saturday, Mrs.- Hills firmly affirmed the need to progress in eliminating barriers to trading in satellites, three categories targeted underthe Super 301 provisions of the 1987 trade bill.', 'Upon she metthe local pressfor the first word on Friday, Mrs. Hill firmly reiteratedthe need for Progress in removing impedes to Trade in supercomputers, three Areas targeted under a Super 301 proposal of the 2008 trade bill?'] )

Input: But her main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade and open competition.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Buther main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade.', 'But her main thrust, to promote open competition.'] )

Input: She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and shouldn't be tackled by setting quantitative targets.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors.', "She said it shouldn't be tackled by setting quantitative targets."] )

Input: But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle.', 'But I is relieved to seeing that you have become a person of integrity.'] )

Input: Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991, but the Japanese have denied making any such promise.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991.', 'the Japanese have denied making any such promise.'] )

Input: But she stressed, I am against managed trade.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 and is seeking new financing.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30.', 'Traditional Industries Corp. said that it is seeking new financing.'] )

Input: The seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives, including seeking increases in its credit lines.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The seller of photographic products said it is considering a number of financing alternatives, including seeking increases in its credit lines.', 'The seller for photographic services said it are considering a range of financing options, including seek increases in Its credit lines.'] )

Input: Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss and wouldn't say if it expects to show a profit for the year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss.', "Traditional wouldn't say if it expects to show a profit for the year."] )

Input: In the year ended June 30, 1988, Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million, or $ 1.21 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the year ended June 30, 1988, Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million.', 'In the years ended June 29, 1987,Traditional reported net incomes of $ 1.21 a share.'] )

Input: In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million, or $ 1.31 a share, on revenue of $ 44.3 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million, on revenue of $ 44.3 million.', 'In the week 9 months netincome was $ 1.31 a share, onvenue of $ 56.3 billion.'] )

Input: Separately, the company said it would file a delayed fiscal-year report with the Securities and Exchange Commission within approximately 45 days.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Separately, the company said it would file a delayed fiscal-year report with the Securities Commission within approximately 45 days.', 'Separate, the firm said it expected file a delay fiscal- year report withthe Exchange Commission within Approximately 45 days.'] )

Input: A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system's about $ 3 million purchase price for alleged failure to pay royalties.", 'A spokesman from Information International declined to say the lawsuitby two units in Morris Communications Inc. seeks cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for allegedFailure to pay royalty.'] )

Input: The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp. and Florida Publishing Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp..', 'The unitsthat filed the lawsuit are Florida Publishing Co.'] )

Input: A spokeswoman said Sulka operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago, largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago, largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices.', 'Major oil Companies in thenext few days will report much lesser robust earnings as they didfor the thirdquarter a year Ago, largely reflects deteriorating gasoline profitability.'] )

Input: The gasoline picture may improve this quarter, but chemicals are likely to remain weak, industry executives and analysts say, reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The gasoline picture may improve this quarter, industry executives say, reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance.', 'The gasoline story may improve next quarter, analysts say, reduced chances that earnings could equalTheir chemicals are likely to remain weak, industry officials say, reduces chances that gains could equal Their year-endlier performance.", 'their chemicals are expected to remain weaker, analysts says, reducing opportunities that profits should equal their week-earliest performance.'] )

Input: The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals, Glenn Cox, president of Phillips Petroleum Co., said in an interview.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals, Glenn Cox, president of Phillips Petroleum Co., said in an interview.'] )

Input: That change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general, he added.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That change will obviously impact third quarter earnings for the industry in general, he added.', 'That change Will obviously impact fourth quarter earnings by the industryin general, him added.'] )

Input: But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third-quarter earnings.
Prediction: NONE

Input: So, too, many analysts predict, will Exxon Corp., Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['So, too, many analysts predict, will Exxon Corp..', 'So, Too, many years predict, Will Chevron Corp..", 'So, too,many analysts predicted, will Amoco Corp.'] )

Input: Beginning in mid-1987, prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Beginning in mid-1987, prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy spurred demand.', 'Beginning in late-1987, prices began acceleration as the weak dollar spurred demand.'] )

Input: Now, greatly increased supplies are on the market, while the dollar is stronger, and domestic economic growth is slower.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Now, greatly increased supplies are on the market, while the dollar is stronger.', 'Now, much increased supplies have on themarket, while domestic economic growth is slower.'] )

Input: Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year, said William Randol, a securities analyst at First Boston Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year that it generally not very good this year, said William Randol, a securities analyst at First Boston Corp.'] )

Input: Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that didn't materialize.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July that didn't materialize.", "Oil company Refineries ranflat out to Prepare for a strong holiday driving Season in August that didn't materialized."] )

Input: Refiners say margins picked up in September, and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter, though still not to the level of 1988's fourth quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Refiners say margins picked up in September.', "many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter, though still not to the level of 1988's fourth quarter."] )

Input: During the 1988 second half, many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['During the 1988 second half, many companies posted record gasoline profits.', 'During the1988 second half )

Input: Demand has been much stronger than anticipated, and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Demand has been much stronger than anticipated.', 'it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter.'] )

Input: Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Last summer was notable for a heat wave that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use.', 'Last summer is notable for drought that caused Utilities toburn more natural gasoline to feedIncreased electrical demandfrom air conditioning Use.'] )

Input: Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls, the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export-control policies, are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls, the unofficial forum through which the U.S. align their export-control policies, are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26.', 'Most of The Western Europeanmembers of Coordination Committee onMultilateral Export controls, the official forum through whom its allies align their Export-control Policies, areexpected to argueFor more liberal Export rules ata meeting to being held in France Oct. 26.'] )

Input: They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools, computers and other high-technology products.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools.', 'They planto press directly for a relaxing of rules regulating exports of computers.', ', 'Their plan to release specifically fora relaxation of Rules governing export of other high-technology products.'] )

Input: But the Bush administration says it wants to see evidence that all Cocom members are complying fully with existing export-control procedures before it will support further liberalization.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom, but declined to confirm any details.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom.', 'A State department spokesman declined to confirm any details.'] COORDINATIONS( [' A State Department spokeswoman declined to confirmed any details.', 'The State Department spokes acknowledged thatthe U.T. is considering the allegation with theItalian government.', ['A state Department spokesman indicated that the United.T: Cocom,.'] ))

Input: Although the legality of these sales is still an open question, the disclosure couldn't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon and the intelligence community.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Although the legality of these sales is still an open question, the disclosure couldn't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon.", "Although the validity of these purchases is stillan open question, the disclosure Couldn't been better timedto support the positions of export'-control hawkers in the intelligence community."] )

Input: But more recently, the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But more recent, the Pentagon openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc.', 'But more recently, the Commerce Department openly feuding over the amount to which cocom shouldliberalize exports from personal computersto the bloc.'] )

Input: The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 %.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK $ 1.25 each.', 'The 50 thousand warrants are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 %.'] )

Input: Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares, or options to purchase shares, to cover its entire position.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares, to cover its entire position.', 'Salomon is cover the warrant by buying options to purchase shares,to cover its overall position.'] )

Input: Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield, high-risk junk bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky, charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield, high-risk junk bonds.', 'Financial Corp.- Santa Barbara file suit against Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., charged they defRAuded the Thrift by decealing their relationships when persuaded it to sell $ 284 billion in high'-yield junk bonds.'] )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds, the suit alleged, after Mr. Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Financial Corp. purchased the bonds, the suit alleged, after Mr. Boesky negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million.', 'financial Corp. purchase the bonds, the suit claimed, after Drexel negotiated an Agreement for Vagabitond HotELS to purchasea 51 % stakes in the Thrift for as $ 34 billion.'] )

Input: Officials at Drexel said they hadn't seen the suit and thus couldn't comment.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Officials at Drexel said they hadn't seen the suit.", "Officials at Crexel thus couldn't comment."] )

Input: Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp., the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp., the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels.', 'Other named in terms of Northview Corp..'] )

Input: Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 and said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983.', 'Financial Corp.- said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds.'] )

Input: Shortly before the visit, Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Shortly before the visit, Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials.', 'Shortly before a visit, he had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company.'] )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 and since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them, the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984, the company said.', 'financial Corp. since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them, the firm said.'] )

Input: HOFI, the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd., previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. and its 60 % stake in Dundee Cement Co. with its 67 % stake in Ideal.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['HOFI, the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd., previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. with its 67 % stake of Ideal.', 'HOFI, the NorthAmerican holding company for Swiss concern Hanciere glaris Ltd.-, previously suggested combining its 60 % stake on Dundee Cement Co. with his 67 % stakes in Ideal.'] )

Input: But HOFI's first offer would have given Ideal's other shareholders about 10 % of the combined company.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement and approval by Ideal shareholders.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement.', 'The transaction comes subject to approval by Ideal shareholders.'] )

Input: While corn and soybean prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988, wheat prices remain stubbornly high.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['While corn prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988, wheat prices remain stubbornly high.', 'While soybean prices have collapsed well belowtheir drought- induced peaks of 1987, wheat Prices remain stubbornLY high.'] )

Input: And they're likely to stay that way for months to come, analysts say.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if rain doesn't fall soon across many of the Great Plains'wheat-growing areas, yields in the crop now being planted could be reduced, further squeezing supplies.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In response to dwindling domestic supplies, Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In response to dwindling domestic supplies, Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year.', 'In responseto dwindling domestic supply, Agriculture secretary Clayton Yeuttering last month made the U-S.government would slightly increasing the number for acres farmers could still qualify for federal support payments.'] )

Input: It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels, compared with this year's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1988.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels, compared with this year's estimated 2.04 billion.", 'It now forecasts production for this year atjust under 2,6 billion buseshels ) compared with a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1988.'] )

Input: But the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted won't be felt until the second half of next year.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The exchange said it feared that some members wouldn't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate, which had refused requests to reduce its holdings.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The exchange said it feared that some members wouldn't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver.", 'The exchange did not fear that many members would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate, which had refused requests to reduce its holdings.'] )

Input: Unseasonably hot, dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat-growing areas in Washington and Oregon is threatening to reduce the yield from this season's winter wheat crop, said Conrad Leslie, a futures analyst and head of Leslie Analytical in Chicago.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Unseasonably hot, dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat-growing areas in Washington is threatening to reduce the yield from this season's winter wheat crop, said Conrad Leslie, a futures analyst at Leslie Analytical in Chicago.", "Unseasonable hot, wet weather acrosslarge portions ofthe Great Plains is threateningto reduce the yields from this year's Winter wheat crop, said Conrad Les, head of Leslie Analytics in Chicago,", "unseasonably dry, dry-growing regions in Washington and Oregon is threatening that reduce the output from this month'swinter wheat crop -- said ConradLes, a commodities analyst at Les Analytical on Chicago.". "Un seasonably dry weather in Washington & Oregon is threatens to reducethe yield fromthis season 'S winter wheat harvest, said Connie Leslie, headof Leslie Analytic in Chicago..."] COORDINATIONAL( ["unseasonable dry weather over large portionsof the Great plains is threatening for reduce theield from this week's holiday wheat crop... said Conrad Lester, a Fut analyst at Chicago."", "UnSeasonably hot, dry-weather across large portion of the Plains is threaten to eliminate the yieldfrom this season "based on Hugo Leslie, an futures analyst in Washington.", 'Unseasonability dry-wielding areas in Oregon is threatened to reduceThe yield from This season'm winter wheat crops, said Conway Leslie, chief of Leslie Research in Chicago.', "Unapproval of high-density food across large amounts of theGreat Plains has threatening to improve the yield in this season... based on Leslie Leslie, president of Leslie Grouptical in Denver.", "-Unseasonables dry-forward weather in wheat-,growing areas onWashington is threatening at reduce the result from this session's commercial wheat crop-, said Con believably hot-forwarded food in Oregonis threatening to reduced the yield of this season -- said Conchie Leslie, vice analyst of Leslie Reporttical in Houston.", --Unseasonee dry-dry weather in Wheat-growing Areas in Washington exceeds threatening to reducing the yield for this season ''s winter Wheat crop, described Conrad Leslie -- head of Les Analytics on Chicago., " Unseasonably wet-forwarding areas on Oregon is threatento reducethe yields from next season'reprise in Washington equals threatening to reduces the yield to this season's winter grain crop, more said Conie Leslie, the head ofLes Analytical for Chicago." and "Unairably hot -forwarding regions in Oregon celebrates threatening to shorten the yield away this season "... said Congev, a vice analyst at Lester Analyticalin Chicago."] ))

Input: For example, in the Oklahoma panhandle, 40 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union hasn't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans, but many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months, further supporting prices.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The Soviet Union hasn't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans.",'many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months, further supporting prices.'] )

Input: Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long the price decline that began Friday will go.', 'orange Juice TradERS will be watched to see just how far the price collapse that ended Friday will gone.'] )

Input: However, as expected, Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['However, as expected, Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out.', 'However,as expected, Australia cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1,55.'] )

Input: Friday's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had and sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Friday's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had.", " Friday's inadvertent sellingof futures contracts sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time."] )

Input: It's a dollar-priced product, and the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe, the analyst said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["It's a dollar-priced product, the analyst said.", 'the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe,the analyst said.'] )

Input: Barring a cold snap or other crop problems in the growing areas, downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January, when harvesting and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak, the analyst said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Barring a cold snap in the growing areas, downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January, when harvesting of oranges in Florida reach their peak, the analyst said.', 'Barring the cold snaps in thegrowing areas, upward pressure on price is likely will continue into Jan, when processing of oranges to Florida reachtheir peak,the analyst said.', 'barring other crop problems in the grow areas, downwards pressure on Prices is likelyto continue intoJanuary, when harvest of oranges on Florida reach its peak, and processing of orange in Florida reached their peak, the analyst noted.', "Barring other crops problems inthe growing areas, downward pressure in prices is Likely to continue up until January,when processing in oranges inFlorida reach their Peak, the expert said."] )

Input: Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures markets.', 'Friday cappeda week of steady rising crude oils prices inboth spot markets.'] )

Input: He predicted that the November contract will reach $ 21.50 a barrel or more on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels.', 'Analysts general cite a loss of bearISH developments as far as rumorsof a possible tightened of supplies for some crudes.'] )

Input: There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and can't produce as much as it could sell.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports.', "There also have recurring reports of that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and can't produce as much as it could sell."] COORDINATIONAL( [' There also are repeated reports that Japan is having difficulty with its oils exports., 'There also these recurring reports on that Nigeria is about reached Its production limit.', "-There also those recurring reports about that Nigeria ca n ''t produceas much as It could sell..."] ))

Input: Many traders foresee a tightening of near-term supplies, particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Many traders foresee a tightening of near-term supplies, particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea.', 'Many traders envision a tighteningof near- term supplies, especially of high high- quality crudessuch as those manufactured in Nigeria.'] )

Input: If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co., co-founders Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy-out attempt, an official close to the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchis Co., co-founders CharlesSaatchi will lead a management buy-out attempt, an official close to the company said.', 'If a aggressive predator emerges from Saatchsi & SaATCHi Co. ) co-Founders Maurice Saatcha will lead up a management sell-out effort, anofficial close tothe company said.'] )

Input: Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday's stock-market sell-off in New York and turmoil in the junk-bond market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday's stock-market sell-off in New York.", 'Financingfor any takeover attempts may be flawed in the aftermath of turmoil in the junk-bond market.'] )

Input: But the beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant, which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi, has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But the beleaguered British advertising giant, which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi, has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks.', 'But the Beleaguered English consulting giant, who last week added a new Chief executive officerto replace MauriceSaatchi, has beenthe subject of extensive takeover speculationfor weeks.'] )

Input: Last week, Saatchi's largest shareholder, Southeastern Asset Management, said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Carl Spielvogel, chief executive officer of Saatchi's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit, said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company, but was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["And Carl Spielvogel, chief executive officer of Saatchi's big Backer Spielvogsel Bates advertising unit, said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company.", "And Carl Chessvogels, chief Executive officer ofSaatchi "s big Fronter Spielvoogel Bates Advertising unit, was rebuffed by Charles Saatchis."] )

Input: The executive close to Saatchi & Saatchi said that if a bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer, a crazy offer which Saatchi knew it couldn't beat, it would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But -LCB- otherwise -RCB- it would undoubtedly come back with an offer by management.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive said any buy-out would be led by the current board, whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The executive said any buy-out would be led by the current board, whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi.', 'The executive also said any sell-out will be ledby the current Board, whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchis.'] )

Input: Mr. Spielvogel isn't part of the board, nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi's big U.S.-based ad agencies.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive didn't name any price, but securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The executive didn't name any price.",'securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion.'] )

Input: That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive, Robert Louis-Dreyfus, who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive, Robert Louis-Dreyfus, who joins Saatchi on Jan. 1.', 'That speculationabounded Fridayas industry executives analyze the appointment by the new Chief executive,Robert Louis-dreyfuses, who becomes a member of its board on Jan.- 1.'] )

Input: Mr. Louis-Dreyfus, formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc., has a reputation as a savvy financial manager, and will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi's poor financial state.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Louis-Dreyfus, formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc., has a reputation as a savvy financial manager.', "Mr. Charles-Dreysfus ) formerly chief executives of the Pharmaceutical research firm UMS International Dec., will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi's poor financial state."] )

Input: It hasn't had any impact on us, nor do we expect it to, said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co., a major client of Backer Spielvogel.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy-out and restructuring, or a buy-out of Backer Spielvogel alone, led by him.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy-out and restructuring, led by him.', 'Mr. Chessvogelo had saidthat Prudentially-Bach was prepared for finance either an buy-outs of Backer Spielvogsel alone, ledby him.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Mr. Spieluvogel said that prudential-'Bache is prepared to Finance either a buy-up of BackER Spielvogieel alone.', "Mr. Spyvogell had saidThat Prudently-Baches was preparedto finance either two management buy-'out, led for him.", 'Mr.- Spielvongel had saying that PrUDential- Bache was ready to finance both a restructuring, leading by him?'] ))

Input: As expected, Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee, pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven, Conn., to conspiracy and racketeering charges.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['As expected, Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee, pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven, Conn., to conspiracy charges.', 'As expected, Young &Rubicam Corp. alongwith two senior businessmen and a retired employee, plead not guiltyin federal courtin New Haven, Conn. ) to racketeering charges.'] )

Input: A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case, Eric Anthony Abrahams, former Jamaican tourism minister, and Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case, Eric Anthony Abrahams, former Jamaican tourism minister.", "A spokesman from the U.-S.Attorney's Office said extradition hearings are justbegin for those other two defendant in the cases, Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr."] )

Input: The Samsung Group and Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Samsung Group agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea.', 'Bozell Inc. agreed to established a joint joint venture Advertising agency inSouth Korea.'] )

Input: Bozell Cheil Corp., as the new agency will be called, will be based in Seoul and is 70 % owned by Samsung and 30 % owned by Bozell.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bozell Cheil Corp., as the new agency will be called, will be based in Seoul and is 70 % owned by Samsung.', 'bozellCheil Corp.( ['buzell CheIL Corp. ) as the New agency will being called, is 30 % ownership by Bozell.'] )

Input: Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies.', 'Bozoll joins Ogilvy Group as U.-S. agency with interestsin Korean agencies.'] )

Input: Citing a payment from a supplier and strong sales of certain data-storage products, Maxtor Corp. said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Citing a payment from a supplier, Maxtor Corp. said earnings jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24.', 'Citing sales of certain types of certain data-storage products, MaXTor Corp.- said revenue jumped in his second quarter end Sept. 22.'] )

Input: The maker of computer-data-storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million, or 23 cents a share, from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million, or five cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The maker of computer-data-storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million, from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million.', 'The maker with computer- data-storage Products said net incomes rose to more million, or 23 cents a share, from years-earliest net of five centsa share.'] )

Input: Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings.', 'MaxtOR said effects by discontinuingthe line may having a positive impact on future revenue.'] )

Input: A spokeswoman wouldn't elaborate, but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A spokeswoman wouldn't elaborate.", 'the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit.'] COORDINATIONAL( [" A spokeswoman would.", "the company says the discontinued Product has never be a major Source of revenue.", ``the company declined product hasnever been amajor source of profit."] ))

Input: Operationally, Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers and computer workstations.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Operationally, Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers.', 'Operationally, Maxtors benefited from sophisticated sales of product that store computer workstations.'] )

Input: In the fiscal first half, net was $ 7 million, or 34 cents a share, up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million, or 15 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the fiscal first half, net was $ 7 million, up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million.', 'In the nominal first half - net was money 7 million, up from 15 cents a share.', "In theiscal first half- net was 34 centsa share, upfrom the year-'earlier U 3. 1 million.", 'In this fiscal firsthalf, net is 34 centsA share,up from 15 minutes a share of.'] )

Input: Robert G. Walden, 62 years old, was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services, increasing the board to eight members.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Robert G. Walden, 62 years old, was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems, increasing the board to eight members.', 'Robert G, 62 years age, waselected a directorof this provider for advanced technology services, increasingthe board toeight members.'] )

Input: He retired as senior vice president, finance and administration, and chief financial officer of the company Oct. 1.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He retired as senior vice president, finance and administration, of the company Oct. 1.', 'He retirement as chief financial officer of the firm Oct. 2.'] COORDINATIONS( ['It retired as chieffinancial officer ofthe company Oct.- 1., 'He retired from senior vice presidency, finance, ofthe companies Oct. 31.', "He retired through senior vice presidents, administration,of the companyOct. 1."] ))

Input: Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10-K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that the filing doesn't include its audited financial statements and related information.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10-K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission.', "Southmark Inc. added that the filing doesn't include its audited financial statements and related information."] COORDINATIONALATION( ["SouthmarkCorp. saidthat it filed parts of its 2010-K Report withthe Securities Commission.", "SouthMark Corp. based part of his 10-k report withthe Exchange Commission."] ))

Input: The real estate and thrift concern, operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings, said it told the SEC it couldn't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The real estate concern, operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings, said it told the SEC it couldn't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden.", "The realestate concern, operated under bankruptcy'-law proceedings, said it asked the SEC more clearly than expense.", ["The thrift concern, operate under bankruptcy-'law proceedings ) said it found the SEC he could n's provide financial Statements by the End of its second extension without abnormal burden."", "The thrifted concern, operates under bankruptcy.-law proceedings -- said it wasn't providing financial statements in the endof its first extensions without unreasonable expense."] )

Input: Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson and will continue in those roles.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson.', 'He will continue in those roles.'] COORDINATIONS( ['He has continue inthose roles.', "Mr.Seelen Freund isexec vice president at McKesson.", 'Mr. seelenFreund is chief financial operator of McKille.'] ))

Input: Messrs. Malson and Seelenfreund are directors of McKesson, which has an 86 % stake in PCS.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Messrs. Malson are directors of McKesson, which has an 86 % stake in PCS.', 'Messrs.- Seelenfreund are directors for McKesson, which hasan 86 % stakes in PC S.'] )

Input: In its lawsuit, Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages and a preliminary injunction to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In its lawsuit, Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages from MedChem from selling the AMVISC products.', 'In its lawsuits, Pharmacias is seeking a preliminary injunction to block Medchem from sellingthe AMVISc products.'] )

Input: A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem's sales and 10 % to 20 % of its earnings.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem's sales.", 'A Medchem spokesman said those products contribute 10 % to 20 % of its earnings.'] )

Input: In the year ended Aug. 31, 1988, MedChem earned $ 2.9 million, or 72 cents a share, on sales of $ 17.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the year ended Aug. 31, 1988, MedChem earned $ 2.9 million, on sales of $ 17.4 million.', 'In the years ended Oct. 31, 1988,MedChem earned 72 cents a share, on sale of $ 15.4 billion.'] )

Input: MedChem said the court's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial in the patent-infringement proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["MedChem said the court's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial in the patent-infringement proceedings.", "MedChem cited only one of its defenses in the case."] )

Input: Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results, aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage, especially in the Northeast.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results, aided by favorable newsprint prices, especially in the Northeast.', 'Newspapers publishers arereporting mixed third quarter results, hampered by flat or declining advertising linage, especiallyin the Northeast.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['newspaper publisher are reporting Mixed third- quarter results, aided by favourable newsprint price, especially for the Northeast,.', "Newspaker publishers are announcing mixed third-', hampered byflat advertising linages, especially on the Northeast.", 'NewSpaper publishers have reporting mixed second-quarter losses, hamperedby declining advertising linerage, mainly in the Southeast.'] ))

Input: Adding to unsteadiness in the industry, seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships within the retail industry.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Adding to unsteadiness in the industry, seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership within the retail industry.', 'Adding to steadinessin the industry, seasonal retail advertising spending patternsin newspapers have Been upset by general hardships within the Retail industry.'] )

Input: In New York, the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code, while the R.H. Macy & Co., Bloomingdale's and Saks Fifth Avenue department-store chains are for sale.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In New York, the Bonwit Teller department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code, while the R.H. Macy & Co. department-store chains are for sale.', "In New YORK, theBonwit Telling department stores has filed forprotection from creditors in Chapter 11of the federalBankruptcy code, while Bloomingdale's department- store chains arefor sale.", 'In NewYork, the bonwit Tell department stores Have filed for defense from creditors during Chapter 11 in the federal BruptcyCode, while Saks Fifth Avenue department-Store chains areFor sale.", 'InNew York, B. Altman & CO. department stores had filed for bankruptcy from creditors on Chapter 11 de the federal Courtruptcy Codes, whilethe R. H. Macy Co. departments-store chain are for Sale.', 'In York, b. Altmann & Co.- Co. Department stores have organized for protection against creditors under chapter 11 ofthe federal Bankruptedcy Code, while Bloomington's departments are for sales.', "'In Newy, B.- Altman - Co. company stores have been filed for preservation from creditors after Chapter 11 with the federal Bonruptcy Procedure, while saks Fifth Ave department-shop chains are For sale."] )

Input: Until recently, industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year's third and fourth quarters.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Until recently, industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out.', "Until recently, industry analysts predicted decreases in wholesale ad spending would in fact increase in this year's third and fourth quarters."] COORDINATIONAL( ['Before recently,industry analysts believed decreasing in retail advertising spending hadbottomed out?', "After recently, company analysts believed reductions in retail ads spending would increase in these year 'S third quarters.", "Until recent, industry executives believed decreases on retail ad spend would infact increase in the year'm fourth quarters..."] ))

Input: Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage, but the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run, said Edward J. Atorino, industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage, said Edward J. Atorino, industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.', "the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run, saidEdward J.Atorino, industry analystFor Salomon Bros Inc."] )

Input: For instance, Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income, as total ad pages dropped at USA Today, but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['For instance, Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income, as total ad pages dropped at USA Today.', 'For instance ; advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' For instance, MannettCo. postedan 11 %gain in net interest, astotal ad pages dropping at USA TODAY.', "For instance : advertising revenue rise because of higher circulation rates base.", 'For example, advertising revenue rises because of increased rates.'] ))

Input: Gannett's 83 daily and 35 non-daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Gannett's 83 daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue.", "Gannetta's 35 non-daily newspapers reporteda 3 % change in advertising but circulation revenue ""] )

Input: Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified-ad volume increased, while there was softer demand for retail and national ad linage, said John Curley, Gannett's chief executive officer.
Prediction: NONE

Input: While USA Today's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735, a decrease of 4 % from last year, the paper's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter and 13 % in the nine months.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the nine months, Gannett's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million, or $ 1.68 a share, from $ 247 million, or $ 1.52 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In the nine months, Gannett's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million, from $ 247 million.", "In the six months, Cannett "s net rise 9. 5 % to power 270 million, from $ 1.52 a share.", "-In the 9 months, Mannett "'s net rises 9.6 % to cash 1.68 a share, from U 247 million.", "In in the nine years, GANNett 'S net rose nine.5 percent to $ 1,68 a shares, from Mr 1. 52 a share..."] )

Input: Net fell to $ 28.8 million, or 29 cents a share, from $ 32 million, or 33 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Net fell to $ 28.8 million, or 29 cents a share, from $ 32 million.', 'Net fell flat to $ 29.8 billion, from 33 cents a gallon.', ', 'Net came to 29 cents per share,from $ 32 billion.', '(Net fellto 29 centsa share, according to 33 cents A share."] )

Input: The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million, or four cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million.', 'The year'-earlier Period included a single-time Gain of four cents a share.'] )

Input: The drop in profit reflected, in part, continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron's magazine.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The drop in profit reflected, in part, continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal.', "The dropin profit reflected )

Input: The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million, or 12 cents a share, compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million, or 38 cents a share, for the third quarter in 1988.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million, compared with a loss of $ 26.5 billion, for the third quarter in 1988.', 'The publisherof the Boston Glob reported net for $ 8.5 million, compared with losses of 38 cents a share, for a third quarter of 1988. ', 'The manufacturer of the Globe reported record of 12 cents a per share, comparedwith a lossof $ 26,5 million ) for the second quarter in 2008.', "The publisher from the Boston Herald reported netof 12 centsa share, combined with a losses of38 cents a shares, for an third week in 1988."] )

Input: William O. Taylor, the parent's chairman and chief executive officer, said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["William O. Taylor, the parent's chairman, said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper.", "William O.- Taylor,the parent 'S chief executive chief executive officer, said shares continued to being hurt by softerness in advertising volume atthe Boston newspaper,"] )

Input: Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co.'s earnings were down for the third quarter, because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co.'s earnings were down for the third quarter, because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday newspapers.", "Mr.Atorino on Salomon Bros said he Estimates that Times Mir Co. "s earnings are down forthe third quarter, because of softer advertising levels in its Hartford Courant newspapers."] )

Input: New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate, Forest Products Group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times.', 'New YorkTimes Co. will expect lower earningsfor the third period because of deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate, Forest Products Group.'] )

Input: Times Co.'s regional daily newspapers are holding up well, but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market, said Alan Kassan, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Times Co.'s regional daily newspapers are holding up well, compared Alan Kassan, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton.", 'there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market, said Alan Kassanan, analyst with She Carson Lehman hutton.'] )

Input: Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings, largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings, largely because of increased cable revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area.', 'Washington Post co. isexpected to report improve earnings, mainly because of higher publishing revenue helping by anImproved retail market here.'] )

Input: The news-weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The news-weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine.', 'The news has faced a relatively flat magazine advertising market.'] )

Input: Knight-Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett's Detroit News, and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Knight-Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett's Detroit News.", 'Knight- Ridder, Inc. has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter.'] COORDinATION( ['Knight-Midder AG. says McDonald has tell analysts that results were downin the third week.', "Knight-Lidder INC. is face with continued confusion over the potential joint operating agreements between itsDetroit Free Press.", "Knight -LidDER Inc.is faced with further uncertainty over whether Gannetta'sDetroit News."] ))

Input: However, analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers, such as the Miami Herald and San Jose Mercury News.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['However, analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers, such as the Miami Herald.', 'However, strateg point topositive advertising spendingat several ofIts major daily papers, such like San Jose Mercury News.'] )

Input: The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight-Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition and circulation was falling, said Bruce Thorp, an analyst for Provident National Bank.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight-Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition, said Bruce Thorp, an analyst for Provident National Bank.', 'The Miami Market is comingback strong after just a tough two of yearswhen circulation was falling, saidBruce Thorp, an analystfor Provident national Bank.'] )

Input: General Motors Corp., in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada, has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['General Motors Corp., in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada, has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity.', 'General Motor Corp. ) in a Series of Moves that angeredunion officials in Europe, has signaling that asmany as fiveNorth American assembly plant may not survived the mid -1990sas the corporation works to cut their excess vehicle'-making capacity.'] COORDINATIONS( [' General Motors Corp.- in aseries of movesthat angered unionOfficials in the United.', 'GM Motors Corp.( in aSeries of moves which angered unionofficials in Canada, have signaled thatas many as four NorthAmerican assembly plants May not survivethe mid- 1990s asthe corporation strugglesto cut its excessive vehicle- making capacity., 'General Motors Co., on a seriesof moves that enraged union officials on the U,S., has indicated that as soon as five South American assembly units may not survives the mid-'1990s As the corporation fights to cut ITS excess vehicle-'] ))

Input: In announcements to workers late last week, GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants, and cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In announcements to workers late last week, GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants.', 'In announcementsto workers late yesterday week, GE cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories.'] )

Input: GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity in place before those talks begin.', 'GM officials wants to gettheir strategy to reducing the work force in placeBefore those talks begins.'] )

Input: The auto maker's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information, Mr. Yokich said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The auto maker's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability to provide consistent information, Mr. Yokich said.", "The auto manufacturer's announcement to let words of the current shutdowns spill out in different communiquesto the affected plant showed disassembly and an unwillingness to provide inconsistent information,Mr. Yokichi said.". "The automotive maker'm decision to letting word of product reassignments trickle outin separate communique to theaffected plants showed lackarray and a inability to produce consistent information, Mr. Zhich said...", "In the auto maker "s decision not let wordof the latest product reassigningments trickleout in separate Communiques tothe affected plants showing disarray or an unwillingnessto provide consistent Information, Mr, Yokich, said."] COORDINATIONAL( [" The auto maker "'s decision on let word from the latest shuts trickleoutin separate Communique totheaffected plants show disarray, Mr.- Yokich described.", 'The auto company's response to let news of the recent shutdowns flow out in distinct communiquesTo the affected Plants showed disrepair, Mr., Yokich, said."', "Theauto maker'si maker're decision tolet word of production reassignment trickle out on separate communicals to the unaffected plants showed an inability, Mr. Yokich apologised.", "-The auto makers's reaction to let terms of the previous shutdowns flood out insepar communiques with the affected countries showed unwillingness to produce inconsistent information,Mr. Zhichi said...". "In contrast to what word ofproduct reassignMENTS trickle out for separate communics to the affect plants showed a inability,Mr. Yokichi, said..."] ))

Input: That means two plants -- one in Scarborough, Ontario, and the other in Lordstown, Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That means two plants -- one in Scarborough, Ontario -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991.', 'That means both plants -- the other in Lordstown, Ohio -- probably won be shut shut down during the endof 1991.'] )

Input: The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers and about 2,500 workers in Ohio.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers in Ohio.', 'The shutdowners will idle only about 2,500 workers inOhio.'] )

Input: Robert White, Canadian Auto Workers union president, used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement and its champion, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Robert White, Canadian Auto Workers union president, used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement.', 'Robert White )

Input: But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants.', 'ButCanadian auto workers will benefit from one in Quebec.'] )

Input: Workers at plants in Van Nuys, Calif., Oklahoma City and Pontiac, Mich., were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird and Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Workers at plants in Van Nuys, Calif., were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird muscle cars.', 'Workers on plants inVan Nuys, Calif. were toldtheir facilities areno longer being consider to build a next Generation of the Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars.', 'Employers at plant in Oklahoma City were toldTheir facilities are No longer being considering to build new generation ofthe Pontiac firebird muscle car.', '(Workers in plants in Oklahoma city were told they facilities areNo longer being consideration to build this generation of a Chevrolet Camar muscle cars.", 'WorkERS at plants at plants on Pontiac, Mich., are told their facility are no now being consideredto build the Next generation of two PontiacFirebird muscle Cars.', "Workersat plants in Pontiac, Mich. )

Input: GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese, Quebec, company and union officials said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese, Quebec, company officials said.', 'GM is studied whether it could build the New Camaro-'Firebirdprofitably ata plant in Quebec, unionOfficials said.'] )

Input: That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys and Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys uncertain about their futures.', 'That announcement Left union officials at Oklahoma City uncertain abouttheir futures.'] )

Input: At the Oklahoma City plant, which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight-year-old A-body mid-sized cars, Steve Featherston, UAW local vice president, said the plant has no new product lined up, and none of us knows when the A-body cars will die.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At the Oklahoma City plant, which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight-year-old A-body mid-sized cars, Steve Featherston, UAW local vice president, said the plant has no new product lined up.', 'At thelahoma City plant, which employs more 6,400 workers building this eight- year-old UAW mid-size cars,Steve Featherston, UAWlocal vice director, said none of us knows when the A-Body cars will die.'] )

Input: Merieux said the government's minister of industry, science and technology told it that he wasn't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Merieux said the government's minister of industry told it that he wasn't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada.", "MerieUX said thegovernment's director of science told itThat he was N't convincedThat the purchase will likely to being of net benefits to Canada.", "Merchieux said that the government "s minister for technology told itthat he wasn't convinced."] )

Input: Both Merieux and Connaught are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Both Merieux are biotechnology research concerns.', 'Both Merkieux are vaccine manufacturing concerns., 'Both Connaught are Biotechnology research concern.', ['Both ConnConnaught are vaccine production concerns.'] )

Input: He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns, but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns.', 'He says it eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed.'] )

Input: This isn't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before, said Jodi Redmond, press secretary for Harvie Andre, Canada's minister of industry, science and technology.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["This isn't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before, said Jodi Redmond, press secretary for Harvie Andre, Canada's minister of industry.", "This is N't a Change in government Policy ; this provisions has been Used before, compared Jodi Rudolph, press Secretary for Harvvie Andre, Canada 'S minister of science.", ["Thisisn'ta change in federal policy ;this provision has being used before."] )

Input: Spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said they hadn't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada, but added they hope to have more information early this week.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said they hadn't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada.", 'Spokesman for Meriegux andConnaught added they hope to have more information early this week.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Spokingmen for merieux said they hopeto have more Information early this Week.', "Spokes men for Connaught added we hope to having more information earlier this week.", "Sp spokesmen for the government said they haven't seen specific areasof concern by both the government.", "(SpokesMEN for the U.S. said they aren't being informed of Specific areas of interest by either Investment Canada..."] ))

Input: This has become a very politicized deal, concerning Canada's only large, world-class bio-research or pharmaceutical company, Mr. Mehta said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["This has become a very politicized deal, concerning Canada's only large, world-class bio-research company, Mr. Mehta said.", "This has became a very politicalized deal, concerning Canada "s only big, world ofclass pharmaceutical company,Mr. Mehma said..."] )

Input: While neither side will disclose its contents, Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['While neither side will disclose its contents, Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada.', 'While neither sides will discloseits contents,Mr. Mehma expects It to contain less specific guarantees over development spending levels on Canada thanMerieux offer to InvestmentCanada.'] )

Input: Some analysts, such as Murray Grossner of Toronto-based Richardson Greenshields Inc., believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders, such as Switzerland's Ciba-Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville, Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Some analysts, such as Murray Grossner of Toronto-based Richardson Greenshields Inc., believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders, suchas Switzerland's Ciba-Geigy.", 'Some analysts, such asMurray Grossner from Toronto-listed Richardson Greenshsields Corp., believes the government rule leaves the floor open forOther bidder, suchAs Murray Grosser of Toronto -based Richardson Greenhielders Inc. )

Input: Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock, and added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock.', 'Weatherford international Inc. added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares.'] )

Input: Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985 and said it hasn't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million, but will do so some time in the future.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985.', "Weatherford said it hasn't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million, but will do so some time in the future."] COORDINATIONAL( 'Weatherford susp its preferred-'dividEND payment in Oct 1985.", "Woolford said that it has u't any Plans to catchup on dividendsin arreARS about $ six million.", 'Weathermart said it will doso some timein the future.'] ))

Input: Additionally, the company said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock, expected to be offered in November.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Additionally, the company said it filed with the Securities Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock, expected to be offered in November.', 'Additionally,the company said It filed with both the Exchange Commission forthe proposed offer of 10 billion shares of Common stock,expected to be presented in Nov.'] )

Input: The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. and Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc., underwriters for the offering, were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. and Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc., underwriters for the offering, were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments.', 'The company says Salomon Bros Inc. were grantedan option to sell as muchas an additional one.5 billion shares to covers over-ALLotments,.', "The company is Howard, Heil,Labouisse, Friedrichs Corp.,underwriters forthe offering, are granted an opportunity to buy a much asan additional 1,5 million share to coverover-allotsments."] )

Input: Proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Proceeds will be used to eliminate bank debt.', 'Proceeders will beused to restructure bank debt %'] )

Input: Analysts said that Merck & Co., Eli Lilly & Co., Warner-Lambert Co. and the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new, higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Analysts said that Merck & Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new, higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins.', 'Analysts described that Eli Lilly & Co.- all benefitedfrom strong sales for relatively new, higher- priced medicines that produce wide profit margin.', "Analysts presented that Warner-Lambert Co.All benefited from stronger sales of virtually new,higher-priced medicine that provide broad profit margins.", 'Analycers said that the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers SquibB Co. All benefited fromStrong sales of comparatively new, upper-priced drugs that provide wider profit margins.'] )

Input: Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products, many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products, many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs.", "More robust earnings in Pfizer Corp. andUpjohn Co.- were attributedto those companies " older products, many of whom face stiffened competition from other medicines."] )

Input: Joseph Riccardo, an analyst with Bear, Stearns & Co., said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses and instituted other cost savings, such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Joseph Riccardo, an analyst with Bear, Stearns & Co., said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses and instituted other cost savings, such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs.', 'Joseph RicCardo,an analyst with Bears, stearns - Co. ) said that as the past three years most Drug makers have shedding their slow -growing businesses but instituted other costs savings,such as consolidated manufacturing plants AND administrative staffings.'] )

Input: Analysts said profit for the dozen or so big drug makers, as a group, is estimated to have climbed between 11 % and 14 %.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 %, propelled by sales of its line-up of fast-growing prescription drugs, including its anti-cholesterol drug, Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine, Vasotec ; Primaxin, an antibiotic, and Pepcid, an anti-ulcer medication.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the third quarter of 1988, Merck earned $ 311.8 million, or 79 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the third quarter of 1988, Merck earned $ 311.8 million.', 'In the second quarter of 1987, Mercks earned 79 cents a share.'] )

Input: In last year's third quarter, Lilly earned $ 171.4 million, or $ 1.20 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In last year's third quarter, Lilly earned $ 171.4 million.", "In last week's second quarter, Eli earned $ 1.20 a share."] )

Input: Several analysts said they expected Warner-Lambert's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million, or $ 1.25 a share, it reported in the like period last year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Several analysts said they expected Warner-Lambert's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million, it reported in the like period last year.", "Several analysts expressed they expected Lynch-LAMbert 'S profit alsoto increase bymore than 20 percentage from $ 1.25 a share, it announced in thelike period last week."] )

Input: The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years.', 'The company has praised by executives for shedding numerous companies with low profit margins.'] )

Input: Squibb's profit, estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million, or $ 1.25 a share, it earned in the third quarter of 1988, was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Squibb's profit, estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million, it earned in the third quarter of 1988, was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure.", "Squibbor's profits, estimated as analysts to have about 18 percentage above the U 123 million, it earnedin the third week of 1988, was the product of especially sharp sales of his Capotens drug for treat other heart disease.", "-Squibber's net, estimated for analysts tobe about 18 percent above the 1.25 a share, it earn in the second quarter of 1987, was a result of also strong sales for its CapOTen drug to treating high Blood pressure.". "SquIBb 'S profit, expected by analysts not to be as high as the $ 1.5a share, he earned inthe third quarterof 1988,, was in the result from especially strong Sales of itsCapoten Drug for treating other heart diseases."] )

Input: Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering-Plough Corp.'s expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 %, and Bristol-Meyers's expected profit increase of about 13 % are largely because those companies are really managed well.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering-Plough Corp.'s expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % are largely because those companies are really managed well.", "Mr. Siccardo from Bear Stairns saidthat Bristol-Meyers'sexpected profit increase of about 13 % are basically because those Companies are reallymanaged well."] )

Input: ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million, or 84 cents a share, while Bristol-Myers earned $ 232.3 million, or 81 cents a share, in the like period a year earlier.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million, while Bristol-Myers earned $ 232.3 million, in the like period a year earlier.', 'ScherINGPlough earn $ 94,4 million, while Bristol -Myers earn 81 cents a share, in a like perioda year earlier.','schering Plough earned 84 cents a per share, when Bristol-Mers earned 222.3 billion, inthe like period in the way period in which it also earned 81 centsa share,In thelike period ayear earlier.'] )

Input: Sales of Pfizer's important drugs, Feldene for treating arthritis, and Procardia, a heart medicine, have shrunk because of increased competition.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Sales of Pfizer's important drugs, Feldene for treating arthritis, have shrunk because of increased competition.", 'Sales of Procardia, a heart medicine, have sunk because of increasing competition.'] )

Input: In the third quarter last year, Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million, or $ 1.29 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the third quarter last year, Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million for its operations.', 'In the three quarter last week, Pfize earned $ 1.29 a share.'] )

Input: Analysts said they expected Upjohn's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million, or 49 cents a share, it earned a year ago.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Analysts said they expected Upjohn's profit to be flat by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million, it earned a year ago.", "Analysts at their level of flat byonly about 2 percentage to 4 percentage as comparedwith 49 cents a share, it made a year earlier.", "-Analysts described they expected upjohn 'S profit to rise by only About 2 %to 4 %As compared with cash 89. 6 million, which earned ayear ago.". "-Analycers said they expect Upjohn "s profitto rise byonly About 2 percentageto 4 percentageas compared with 49 centsa share, It earned a week ago."] )

Input: Upjohn's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax, a tranquilizer, and Halcion, a sedative.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Upjohn's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax, a tranquilizer.", "Upjohn "Up john's big-selling drug are Halcion, a sedative."] )

Input: Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines.', 'Sales ofBoth drugs have come hurt by adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs.'] )

Input: Also, the company's hair-growing drug, Rogaine, is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year, but the company's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising, analysts said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Also, the company's hair-growing drug, Rogaine, is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year, analysts said.", "Also, as the company "s profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising, executives said."] COORDINATIONAL( ["Both.", 'Also, it's sales-growing Drug, Rogain, is Selling well --at about $125 million for for the Year, analysts say.", "-Also, when the company...s profits from the Drug has been diminished by UpJohn's aggressive print campaigns for Advertising, analysts noted.", --Also, in particular, the companies's profitfrom the drug have been reducedby Upjohn "s expensive television campaignsFor advertising, analysts wrote."] ))

Input: Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million, or 12 cents a share, in the year-earlier period.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million, in the year-earlier period.', 'Relational Technologies reported net incomes of 12 cents a share, inthe year-year-earliest period.'] )

Input: While our international operations showed strong growth, our domestic business was substantially below expectations, said Paul Newton, president and chief executive officer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['While our international operations showed strong growth, our domestic business was substantially below expectations, said Paul Newton, president of the International operations.', 'While our domestic operations showed stronger growth, its domestic business, substantially below expectation, saidPaul Newton, chief executive officer.'] )

Input: A spokesman said the company's first quarter is historically soft, and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A spokesman said the company's first quarter is historically soft.", 'A spokesman added computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales.'] )

Input: Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson, vice president of corporate sales, and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson, vice president of corporate sales,.', 'Mr. Newman said that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned.'] )

Input: In the previous quarter, the company earned $ 4.5 million, or 37 cents a share, on sales of $ 47.2 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the previous quarter, the company earned $ 4.5 million, on sales of $ 47.2 million.', 'In the past quarter, it earned 37 cents a share, on sale of $ 44.2 billion.'] )

Input: The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden, a great zoo, its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and, of course, the Yankees.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden.', 'The Bronx also has a great zoo.', "The Bronx even has its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB-.", 'There also has the Yankees.'] )

Input: But Laura Cunningham's Bronx, her childhood Bronx of the '50s, is something else altogether.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a lovely, novelistic memoir, Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf, 195 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB-, she remembers an exotic playground, peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics and the occasional Catholic -LRB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend, the hell-kitten Diana, age five -RRB-.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In a lovely, novelistic memoir, Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf, 195 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB-, she remembers an exotic playground, peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics.', 'In a nice, novelistically memoir, sleeping Arrangement -L RB- Knopsf, 194 pages, U 18. 95 -RRb-, her remembers an extraordinary playground, the occasional Catholic -LDB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend, the hell-kitten Diana, age five -RR B-.'] )

Input: Ms. Cunningham, a novelist and playwright, has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Ms. Cunningham, a novelist, has a vivid sense of recall.', 'Ms. Cunning, a novel, has an dramatically outsized sense of Recall.', ['Ms.- Cunningham, an playwright, hasa vivid senseof recall.' 'Ms.-Cunning, a playwright, has a dramatically outsizing sense of recalls.'] )

Input: She transforms her Bronx of the emotions, a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx, a world simmering with sex and death and intrigue.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['She transforms her Bronx of the emotions, a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx, a world simmering with sex and death.', 'She transforms its Bronx ofthe emotions,a place wherethe flats of democrity were only relievedby steep descent into hysteria in the BabylonIAN Bronx, the world simmerING with intrigue and intrigue.'] )

Input: In the Babylonian Bronx, Jewish working-class people lived in drab, Soviet-style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB-, whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks, friezes of Pompeii.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the Babylonian Bronx, Jewish working-class people lived in drab, Soviet-style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB-, whose lobbies were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians, friezes of Pompeii.', 'In the BabelIAN Bronx,Jewish working- class people livedin drab, Soviet- style buildings glamronized with name like AnaM Towers - LRB- before owners Anna And Morris Snezezak --RRB -, whose hallways were decoratedwith murals in ancient Greeks, friezers of PompeII.', "In the Assyrian Bronx, Jew working-Class people lived on drab fast Soviet-Style buildings scamorizedwith names like AnnieMor Towers,LRB - after owners Morris Snezerak -RB- who lobbies are decorated with paintings of ancient Iranians, priezesof Pompeii.", "Inthe BabylonianBronze, Jewish worked-class men lived in Drab, KGB-style building glamorization with names such as AnaMor towers -L RB- after owner Morris Snezmanak -LDB- after operators Anna and Mor Snezaks -RR B-, their hallways are decoratedwith paintings of Ancient Greeks, frizes of Mikeii."] COORDINATIONS( [' in the Babelian Bronx, Jewish working -class people live in drabby, Soviet'-style buildings scamronizedWith names like AnitaMor Towers-LRB'- after ownersAnna and Morris Szzak, whose lobbyies were painted with murols of ancient Greeks, prizes for Pompeii.', 'The Babylonian Yankee, Jewish works-class person lived in DRab, Moscow-style towers glamorize with nameslike AnaMor Tower -LMG- after hosts Anna and Morales SnezAK -RRBs-, who lobbie were decoratedWith murals from ancient Syrians in frieze of Pompeiii.', '(In Babylonian Brooklyn, Jewish work-class guys lived indrab, USSR-style designs glamorizing with names that AnaMor Falls -LMB- after owns Anna andMor Snezakov -RRb-, which hallways of Pompeiani.", 'In a Babylonian Yankees, Jewishworking-classpeople lived in martab, Russian working-style structures glamorised with names as Ana Mor Towers -NONE

Input: Sharp-witted and funny but never mean, she's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote, if he 'd been Jewish and female and less bitchy.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Sharp-witted and funny, she's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote, if he 'd been Jewish and female.", "Sharp-Witted but funny,she's just bitchy.", ["never mean, she sayss a tributeist a lot like TrumanCapote, whether he's been Jewish or female.". "never mean, she'm a memorialists a bitlike Truman Capotes, if they 'd less bitchy and less bitchlike."] COORDINATIONS( ["sharp-witting, she "s a Memorialist a part like Truman capote, when he've been Jewish.", "-witted, she mays aMemist a little like Truman Mooreote,if he ''d been female."", "nevermean, she saids a funeralist a chunk like Truman Cruz, if we 'd never Jewish.". "-never mean-, she'sa a memorialIST a bit unlike Truman Capotte, if his 'd become female."] ))

Input: Rosie reinvented this man, who may or may not have known about his child, as a war hero for Lily's benefit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Rosie reinvented this man, who may have known about his child, as a war hero for Lily's benefit.", "Rosie redeveloped this men, who does not have knownabout his child, as a victory hero for Lilly's advantage."] )

Input: Rosie died young and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure, who didn't interfere much with her child's education on the streets.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Rosie died young.', "Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure, who didn't interfere much with her child's education on the streets."] )

Input: The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them, for example -RRB- seem tame by today's crack standards, but Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them, for example -RRB- seem tame by today's crack standards.", 'Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Ms. Cermakes it all look like a big adventure.', "The games Bombers played - LRB- Holding kids down, for instance -RRBs- appear tame bytoday's Crack Standards.", "TheGames Bronx children playing -L RB- stripping them ) forexample -RRb- seem relatively tame by Today's cracking standards."] ))

Input: Without official knowledge of sex or death, we flirted with both, she writes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Without official knowledge of sex, we flirted with both, she writes.', 'Without officialknowledge of death, we floirted withboth, she says.'] )

Input: Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept.', 'Maybe Lily got so obsessed about how because her own arrangements kept shifting.'] )

Input: When Rosie died, her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['When Rosie died, her uncles moved in - and let her make the sleeping arrangements.', 'When Rosies died, his uncles move in -- and letting her make other household arrangements.'] )

Input: They painted the apartment orange, pink and white, according to her instructions.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['They painted the apartment orange, according to her instructions.', 'They painted a apartment pink, accordingto her instructions.', 'Their painted an apartment white, according according to its instructions.'] )

Input: With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe, an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Uncle Len, a mysterious part-time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope, like an undercover President on a good-will mission.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe, an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB-.', 'With loving note she recalls Uncle Len, a mysterious part-time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope, like an undercover President on a good-will mission.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['In loving detail he recalls her uncle Gabe,an Orthodox Jew.', "With loving Detail she recalls his Uncle Gabe, an Orthodox song lyricists -L RB- who sang river with Liver in a Love song - RRB-.", 'With Loving detail she remembers Uncle Len.', ['With Loving Detail she remembers Aunt Len, the mysterious part -time investigator which looked like Nebraska.', '(With loving memory she recalls Aunt Len.'] ))

Input: Lily's grandmother, no cookie baker, excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album, and lugged around her perennial work-in-progress, Philosophy for Women.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Lily's grandmother, no cookie baker, excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album.", "Lily "s grandmother ) lugged around her perennial work-in-progress, Philosophy for Women."] )

Input: The book loses some momentum toward the end, when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The book loses some momentum toward the end, when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys.', 'The book lose some momentum afterward the end, when Lily become less with her delightfully weird family.'] )

Input: But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press, 200 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped and static.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press, 200 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped.', 'But both are past and current worlds ofThe Current climate -L RB- Atlantic Month Press, 400 pages,$ 18. 95 -RRb- feel static.'] )

Input: Harry is now a 57-year-old writer, whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems quaintly out-of-synch.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Harry is now a 57-year-old writer, whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood seems quaintly out-of-synch.', 'Harry isnow a 57 years-old producer, whose Continuing flirtation of drugs andmarg types in New York seems quaintLY out- of-synchronch.'] )

Input: Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife, who's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife, who's so addicted to soap operas she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan.", "Harry has avoids allthat by living on a Long island suburb withhis wife, whose'sso addicted to mystery novels she barely seem to noticewhen her husband disappeared for drug-'seeking foray into Manhattan,"] )

Input: But it doesn't take too many lines to figure Harry out.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 21-square-mile area is contaminated with lead, zinc and other metals.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The 21-square-mile area is contaminated with lead.', 'The 21.square- mile area is contamination with zinc.', '(The 21,square-pound area is contamin with other metals.'] )

Input: The company, which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday, said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The company, which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday, said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements.', 'The company, which issueda statement onthe agreement late Saturday, saidthat $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement.'] )

Input: The agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval, the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The agreement are subject to court approval, the company said.', 'The consent decree are subjectto court approval.'] )

Input: Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the Superfund law.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many of the nation's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Many of the nation's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators.", "Many ofthe nation 'S highest-profile executives saluting Friday 'S market plungeas an overdue Comeuppance to takeover players."] )

Input: Assuming that the market doesn't head into a bottomless free fall, some executives think Friday's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Assuming that the market doesn't head into a bottomless free fall, some executives think Friday's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out frenzy of recent years may be abating.", "Assuming that The market does N't head in a bottomLESS free fall, some executives thinks Friday 'S action could turn into a topless free Fall, as a signal that the takeover frenzy of late years may been abating..."] )

Input: The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies.', 'The executives, remarkably unpercenturbed by a plunge even because it lopping millions off their personal fortunes.'] )

Input: I'm not going to worry about one day's decline, said Kenneth Olsen, Digital Equipment Corp. president, who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I'm not going to worry about one day's decline, said Kenneth Olsen, Digital Equipment Corp. president, who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange leaves of the mountains here after his company's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50.", "I "m notgoing to worry over one day "s decline."] )

Input: The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this won't be a problem.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The fact that this happened two years ago gives people some comfort that this won't be a problem.", "the fact that there was a recovery gives people plenty comfortthat this wo."] )

Input: Of course, established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Of course, established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators.', 'Of course, established corporate managementements often tends to applaudthe setbacks of takeover artists.'] )

Input: Indeed, one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday's events was Robert Crandall, chairman of AMR Corp., the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Indeed, one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday's events was Robert Crandall, chairman of AMR Corp., the parent of American Airlines.", "Indeed, just one chief executives who was outright delighted by Saturday's event was RobertCrandall, chairman of AmR Corp.(, the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump."] )

Input: Asked whether Friday's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate, Mr. Crandall smiled broadly and said : No comment.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Asked whether Friday's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate, Mr. Crandall smiled broadly.", "Asked whetherFriday's actions could help he avoid beingTrumped by The New York Real estate magnATE,Mr. Crandalall said : No comment."] )

Input: Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast, only two projected periods of decline in the nation's output over the next two years, and in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession, said Lewis Preston, chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast, only two projected periods of decline in the nation's output over the next two years, said Lewis Preston, chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co..", 'Of the late economists who working on the business Council forecast, only two projections periods of declines in the country's production over thenext two years, said Lewis Cole, vice chairman of the Business Network.', 'in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession, saidLewis Preston, president of J.-P.Morgan & Co.( ['in both occasions the declines have too modestto warrant the phrases recession, described Lewis Preston -- vice chairman in the Business Channel.'] )

Input: The real estate slump that's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city's retail real estate market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The real estate slump that's pushing down the price of New York office space is also affecting the city's retail real estate market.", "The realestate slump that "'s pushing up the priceof New York housing is also affects the city "s Retail real estate Market."] )

Input: In Manhattan, once-desirable store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In Manhattan, once-desirable store sites sit vacant.','in Manhattan, newly constructed space has been slow to fill.'] )

Input: Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy, turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy.', 'Retail commercial estate brokers says tenants are hesitant to sign leasing because of turmoil in their own industries.', "Retail estate brokers said tenants are reluctance to sign lease because of a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom."] )

Input: A handful of hot retail locations, such as the 57th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas, have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A handful of hot retail locations, such as the 57th Street areas, have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents.', 'A handful more hot retail sites, such like the Madison and Fifth Avenue areas, has been ableto sustain whatmany see as astron rents.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['The handful of Hot retail locations, such as The 57th St areas, having been able for sustain what much see as obscene rents., 'A quarter of hot Retail locations,such as the Madison areas, had been able in sustain what they see as obsolete rents.' ))

Input: And, in some neighborhoods, rents have merely hit a plateau.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But on average, Manhattan retail rents have dropped 10 % to 15 % in the past six months alone, experts say.
Prediction: NONE

Input: As businesses contract or depart, the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks, says Edward A. Friedman, senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['As businesses contract, the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks, says Edward A. Friedman, senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc.', 'As businesses depart, thenumber of employees whom might use wholesale services shrink, saysEdward A. Foley, senior Vice president of helmsley spear Inc.'] )

Input: He says financial problems plaguing electronics, fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He says financial problems plaguing electronics companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market.', 'He saysfinancial problems plagued fur companies --key categories inthe local retail Economy -- haveFurther deflatedthe market.' 'He blames financial problems tonguing furniture companies -- major categories in Japan retail economy'have further difflated the situation.'] )

Input: In these locations, Mr. Friedman says, Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In these locations, Mr. Friedman says, Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding, and rents have remained steady.', 'In these areas, Mr.- Friedman says, Retailers have increasingly cautious toward expanding, but rents have declined.'] )

Input: It is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores, which anchor retail neighborhoods, are in doubt.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It is also no comfort to landlords when the future of larger department stores, which anchor retail neighborhoods, are in doubt.', 'It isAlso no comfortto small New York retailers when the Future of larger Department stores, who anchor retail neighbourhoods, areIn doubt.'] )

Input: Hooker Corp., parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman's, is mired in bankruptcy proceedings and Bloomingdale's is for sale by its owner, Campeau Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Hooker Corp., parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman's, is mired in bankruptcy proceedings.', "Bloomingdale's is for sale by its owner, Campeau Corp."] COORDINSATION( ["Bloomdal's was for saleby its owner, Campeauer Corp.", 'Hookers Corp..', 'Lonex Teller, the parent of B.Altman 'S, ismired in insol proceedings.'] ))

Input: But, despite the recent softening, for many of these retailers there's still been too big a jump from the rental rates of the late 1970s, when their leases were signed.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot, and $ 250 is not uncommon.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot.', '$ 250 is not uncommon.'] COORDINATIONS( ['$ 250 does not uncommon.', 'Madison Avenues can command leases of upto $ 500a square feet.', "Fif Avenues are not uncommon."] ))

Input: By contrast, rentals in the best retail locations in Boston, San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['By contrast, rentals in the best retail locations in Boston rarely top $ 100 a square foot.', 'By contrast, rentals inthe best retail offerings in San Francisco rarely top 100 asquare foot.' 'By Contrast, rentals on the best Retail locations in Chicago rarely top$ 100 a squared foot.'] )

Input: And rents on Beverly Hills'Rodeo Drive generally don't exceed about $ 125 a square foot.
Prediction: NONE

Input: It makes investment castings and has traded over-the-counter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It makes investment castings.', 'It has traded over-the-counter.'] )

Input: This role reversal holds true, as well, for his three liberal and moderate allies, Justices Thurgood Marshall, Harry Blackmun and John Stevens.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['This role reversal holds true, as well, for his three liberal and moderate allies, Justices Thurgood Marshall.', 'This role reversal holdstrue, as Well, for His three liberal allies, Harry Blackmun.', "This role reverse holds true ) as well, for histhree liberal allies, John Stevens.", 'This Role reversal holdstrue ) as Well, for its three moderate allies, Justices Thururgood Marsh.', ['This Role reversal hold true,as well, by his three moderate ally, HarryBlackmun.' 'This point reversal holds True, aswell, for itsthree moderate allies ) John Stevens.'] )

Input: But are these four players, three of them in their 80s, ready to assume a different role after 88 years, collectively, of service on the high court?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role, and the frustrations that go with it, but in different ways.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role, and the frustrations that go with it, but in different ways.', 'Every indication of the four being prepared to adopt this new job, andthe frustrations that come with it ) but in Different ways.'] )

Input: Justices Brennan and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Justices Brennan appear philosophical about it.', 'Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Accordingices Brennan appears philosophical about It.', "Justices Stevens appear philosophicalabout it.'] ))

Input: But always, in years past, they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But always, in years past, they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights cases.', 'But Always, in centuries past,they have buckED the trend but have been unable to pickup a fifth Vote to eKE out a series of major victory in liberties cases.'] )

Input: But Justice Brennan foresaw his new role, strongly defending the importance of dissents in a 1985 speech.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each time the court revisits an issue, the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Each time the court revisits an issue, the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions, he said.', 'Each when the court visits an issue, the justices won't beforced by a diss to rethink the result, he apologised.'] )

Input: Associates of 81-year-old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court's direction last spring, but is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court's cutbacks in civil rights.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Associates of 81-year-old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court's direction last spring.", "Associate of 81 -year- old Justice Marshall says he is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court...."] COORDINATIONAL( [" Associatesof 81- year-old Court's general direction last summer.", 'Associationates of 83-year.-old Justice Marshal say he is depressed about his direction last year.', 'Associated of 81,year-OLD Justice Marshall describe he is determined to speaks out against his role.', "Associateates of81-year -old Justice Sherman say he wants to speak up against the courts's cutbacks in civil rights."] ))

Input: We could sweep it under the rug and hide it, but I'm not going to do it, he said in a speech last month.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['We could sweep it under the rug and hide it, he said in a speech last month.', "I'm not going to do it, she saidin a speech yesterday month."] COORDINATIONAL( ["I "m notgoing to do anything, he announced in a Speech last month.", 'We could sweeps it under it,, he says in a moment.', 'We can hide it, he saidin one speech last week.'] ))

Input: Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future, he says.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Brennan are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future, he says.', 'Marshall are speakingin their dissent to a bigger future, him says.'] )

Input: Friends and associates who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Friends who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years.', 'acquailors who sawJustice Blackmun in the summer expressed he wasno more discouragedabout the Court than in late years.'] )

Input: And his outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his level of frustration showed in a recent, impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: He concluded his remarks by quoting, emotionally and at some length, according to those present, the late Martin Luther King's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["He concluded his remarks by quoting, emotionally, according to those present, the late Martin Luther King's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington.", "He concluded your remarks by quotes, at some length, accordingto those present."] )

Input: Justice Stevens, 69, is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role, in part because he may be the least liberal of the four, but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Justice Stevens, 69, is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role, in part because he may be the least liberal of the four.', 'Justice Stevens ) 69, has probably not because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others.'] )

Input: The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited, says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School, but the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited.', 'the dissenters in the University of Virginia Law School.'] )

Input: The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions, in its first wave of sales of big, sick thrifts, but low bids prevented the sale of a fifth.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions, in its first wave of sales of big, sick thrifts.', 'low bids prevented the sale of a fifth.'] )

Input: Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp., Charlotte, N.C., which has aggressively expanded its markets, particularly in Texas and Florida.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp., Charlotte, N.C., which has aggressively expanded its markets, particularly in Texas.', 'Two of those big thrift were soldto NCNB Inc., Raleigh, N,C. ) which has aggressive expanded its Markets, particularly elsewhere in Florida.'] )

Input: Under these deals, the RTC sells just the deposits and the healthy assets.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Under thesedeals, the RTC sells just the deposits.', 'Under these deals, the CTC sells only the healthy assets.'] )

Input: Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits and branch systems, roughly in line with what analysts were expecting.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits systems, roughly in line with what analysts were expecting.', 'Acquireers paid premiums varying from 1 to5 %to 3.6 % for both the branch systems, broadly in line With what analysts are expecting.'] )

Input: But it's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps.
Prediction: NONE

Input: NCNB, for example, has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market, and in Florida, rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['NCNB, for example, has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market.', 'in Florida, rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities.'] )

Input: The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines, but the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines.', 'the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency.'] )

Input: NCNB continued its foray into the Florida and Texas markets.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['NCNB continued its foray into the Florida markets.', 'NCNB ended its foray in the Texas markets.'] )

Input: It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets, and receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets.', 'It will then receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC.'] )

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission :', 'The following Issues were recently reported with the Exchange Commission :'] )

Input: Limited Inc., offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities and warrants.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Limited Inc., offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities.', 'Limited Inc.:, offering for up to a $ 300 billion of debt warrants.'] )

Input: Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc., initial offering of five million common shares, via Alex. Brown & Sons Inc., John Nuveen & Co., Prudential-Bache Capital Funding, and Bateman Eichler, Hill Richards.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc., initial offering of five million common shares, via Alex. Brown & Sons Inc..', 'Nuveener California PerformancePlus Municipal Fund Act., Initial offering of three million common parts, via John Nuveen & Co..'] )

Input: PacifiCare Health Systems Inc., proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares, of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare and 800,000 shares by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- PacifiCare's 71 % -RRB-, via Dillon, Read & Co. Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["PacifiCare Health Systems Inc., proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares, of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare, via Dillon, Read & Co. Inc..", "Pacificare Health Systems Corp., proposes offering of one.5 billion common shares, of which 800,000 chips by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- Pacificare's 71 % -RRB-, via Goldman, Sachs & Co.)., "pacifiCare health Systems Inc!, proposed offer of 1,5 million Common shares,of which 800.000 shares by UniHart America Inc.. - LRB-PacifiStyle's 70 % - RRB-."] )

Input: Pricor Inc., offering of one million new shares of common stock and 300,000 shares by holders, via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and J.C. Bradford & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Pricor Inc., offering of one million new shares of common stock and 300,000 shares by holders, via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc..', 'pricor Co., offerings of one billion new shares for common stock but 300, thousand shares byholders, via J.C. Bradford & Co.'] )

Input: Time magazine, in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers, is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year, increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Time magazine, in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers, is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year, increasing its subscription rates.', 'Time magazine ) in a moving to reduce what costs of Wooing new subscriptions, is cutting back on merchandise giveaways.'] )

Input: In an announcement to its staff last week, executives at Time Warner Inc.'s weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000, to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In an announcement to its staff last week, executives at Time Warner Inc.'s weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives.", "In an announced to its Staff last week, executives atTime Warner Inc.: cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000, to four million.", 'In an announcements to itsStaff last week,, executives at time Warner Inc!'s Weekly magazine said time will increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55.'] )

Input: Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high, and expensive, circulations is the way to draw advertisers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high, circulations is the way to draw advertisers.', 'Time is going the course through some other Mass-circulating magazines thatin recent years has challenged the manufacturing myth that maintain expensive, circulates is the Way to draw advertising.'] )

Input: In recent years, Reader's Digest, New York Times Co.'s McCall's, and most recently News Corp.'s TV Guide, have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In recent years, Reader's Digest, have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation.", "In recent weeks, Reader "s Digest, have cut our massive circulation rates bases to hold down rates for advertisers.", 'In recent year, New York Times Co.'s McCall's, have Cut their massive distribution rate basesto eliminate marginal distribution.', "In subsequent years, New YORK Times Co!.'sMcCall 'S, have reduced their massive consumption rate bases in holding down ratesfor advertisers."] )

Input: Deep discounts in subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper-competitive world of magazine news-weeklies.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Deep discounts in subscriptions have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper-competitive world of magazine news-weeklies.', 'offensives of free clock radios and watches have become accept forms of retaining new subscriptions in thehyper-competitive World ofMagazine news-Weeklies.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Deep discounts in subscription have become acceptance forms of introducing new subscribersIn subscriptions have became accepted formsOf free clock radio has become accepted Forms of attracting fresh subscribers inthe hyper- competitive world of magazines news- weeklies., 'offers of free watch have become rejected forms of bringing new subscribers on the hyper-'] ))

Input: But Time, as part of the more cost-conscious Time Warner, wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength and actually a benefit to advertisers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Time Magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength.', 'Time magazine executives predictably Paint the circulation cuts as actually a benefit to advertisers.'] )

Input: What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and don't really read it, said Mr. Heinemann.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine, said Mr. Heinemann.', "What we have doing is screen out the Readers who don't really read it, saidMr. Heyerann."] )

Input: We are trying to create quality and involvement.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['We are trying to create quality.', 'We are Trying to create involvement.'] )

Input: And Time's paid circulation, according to Audit Bureau of Circulations, dropped 7.3 % to 4,393,237 in the six months ended June 30, 1989.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine's net revenue per subscriber, or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine's net revenue per subscriber have been stripped away.", 'Mr. heinemann repeated a new interest in theMagazine industry : the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripping away.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Mr. Weinemann, the changes represents a new attention in the industry :a magazine 'S net revenueper subscriber have become stripped away.', "Mr. Itinemann described the changes as a new look in the magazines industry :the actual revenue in subscribers after discount have been strip away.". 'Mr.- HeinemANN said the change represent a New focus inthe magazine industry ; the cost cost of premium have been strips away.] ))

Input: Time's rivals news-weeklies, Washington Post Co.'s Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report, are less reliant on electronic giveaways, and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Time's rivals news-weeklies, Washington Post Co.'s Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report, are less reliant on electronic giveaways.", 'in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases.'] COORDINATIONS( ['in recent year both have be increasing their distribution rate bases.', "Time "s rivals newspapers-weekly, WashingtonPost Co. "s Newsweek, are more dependent on electronic giveaway.", "Time 'S rivals news.-weeklies, U.U.S.- News & WORLD Report, is less relianton electronic giveaways..."] ))

Input: Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for 1990 within a month.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates for 1990 within a month.', 'Both magazines will expected to announcement their circulation levels for 1990Within a month.'] )

Input: It is bigger, faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It is bigger than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks.', 'It is faster than the News divisions of all of the five major broadcasting networks.'] )

Input: But for all its success, CNN has hit a plateau.
Prediction: NONE

Input: CNN executives worry that the network's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale and won't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable-TV.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["CNN executives worry that the network's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale.", "CNN executives won't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable-TV."] COORDINATIONAL( [" CNN executives worryThat the network "s punchingy news format May be getting boring.", "-CNN executives worried that the Network's repetitive newsformat may be losing stale.". "CNN officials wo n' keep viewers come back asthe alternatives multiplyfor news on cable -TV.", ["CNN executive wo n'keep viewers going back as they multiply for information on Cable-TV,"] ))

Input: Just the fact we're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin, says Ed Turner, CNN's executive vice president, news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB-.
Prediction: NONE

Input: So CNN, a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc., is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel, or what people in the television industry call a top of mind network.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['SoCNN, a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc., is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel.', 'So CNN, a units of Atlanta in the television industry call a top of mind network.'] )

Input: The show will be co-anchored by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier, a 34-year-old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The show will be co-anchored by Bernard Shaw, a 34-year-old former Texas judge who has never held a job in television.', 'The show has been co-chored byBern Shaw, the 34- year-old retired Texas judges who hasnever held a role in journalism.', "The show is co-explored by Catherine Crier, a 44-year -old former campus beauty queen who has ever held a jobs in television.", 'The Show will be Co-anchoring by CatherineCrier,a 34-Year-old current Texas judgewho has never hold a job on journalism., 'This show will Be co-ordored by Katherine Criers, a 39-year --old former college beauty queen Who has never holding a jobin television.' 'Theshow will be cho-anchORED by Catherine Catherine Criers, a 34 -year-year-'old former University beauty queenwho hasnever hold a jobs on journalism.'] )

Input: To distinguish itself, CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global-news program.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['To distinguish itself, CNN is also expanding international coverage.', 'To distinguishing itself,CNN is also adding a second global-news program.'] )

Input: It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure experienced staffers.', 'It is giving higher salaries, after years from scrimping, to keep experienced staffers.'] )

Input: And it is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large investigative-reporting team.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that won't be easy.
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs that viewers will tune in specially to see.', 'It also take money thatCNN has been reluctance to spend on hire talent that viewers may tune in specifically to see.'] )

Input: And the cable-TV operators -- CNN's distributors and part owners -- like things just the way they are.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["And the cable-TV operators -- CNN's distributors -- like things just the way they are.", 'And the Cable-TV operator -- CNN "s part owners -- like Things just the same they are.'] )

Input: The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN's unsteady viewership -- and what may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN's unsteady viewership.", 'The repasinging bid comes aimed at what may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive.'] )

Input: Already, CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co.'s Consumer News and Business Channel, both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Already, CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc., both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future.', "Already,CNN is facing heavier competition from General Electric Co.'s Consumer News and Business Channel, bothof which are possible to pursue further general newsin the future."] COORDINATIONAL( [' Already, CNNís facing stronger Competition from Financial news Network Inc.(', " already, CNNis facing stronger interest from General Motors Co. "Already, CNN is faced stronger competition in Consumer News Channel,both of which were likely to pursuing more general News in the past.", "Already : CNN is face stronger competition with General Electric Corp. 'S Consumer Business Channel, both of whom are likelyto pursue more General news inthe future.", 'Already, NBC is facing strong competition from Consumer NewsChannel, both both ofwhich are likely for pursue more specific news in a future.'] ))

Input: In addition, many cable-TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs produced by local broadcast stations.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Its watchers are, on the whole, a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers and news junkies, who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN, according to audience research.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Its watchers are, on the whole, a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers, who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN, according to audience research.', 'Its watcher are, over the whole )

Input: The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data, and advertising, become more important to cable-TV channels.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data, become more important to cable-TV channels.', 'The brief interest viewers giveCNN could put It at a disadvantages as advertising, become More important to Cable-TV channel.'] )

Input: It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world, so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world, so as events took place it could go live quicker than other networks.', 'It focusedOn building up our news buhaus aroundthe world,so as events taking place it can go live longer than other network.'] )

Input: It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak, Daywatch, Newsday, and Newsnight, but the shows varied little in content, personality or look.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak, Daywatch, Newsday, and Newsnight.', 'overall, the shows varied little in content, personality or look.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' It filled itsdaily schedule with freshscasts so Daybreak.', ['It fills its daily routine with new scasts called daywatch.', '(It filled our daily schedule by newscasters called Newsday.', ', 'It filledits daily schedule for newscasting called Newsnight,.', "the shows variedLittle in content.", 'the shows vary little in personality.',', 'the show varied little on look.] ))

Input: And it is exploring other original programs, similar to its Larry King Live and Crossfire talk shows, which executives hope will keep people tuned in.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['And it is exploring other original programs, similar to its Larry King Live talk shows, which executives hope will keep people tuned in.', 'And it has exploring otheroriginal programs, akin to its Crossfire talk shows, which executives expect will keep everybody tuned in.'] )

Input: Then there's The World Today, the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Then there's The World Today, the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw.", "Then there "s The WORLD Today,the prime-minute newscasting featuring Ms. Crier."] )

Input: But 70 % of the cable-television-equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m., the network discovered, so CNN wants in.
Prediction: NONE

Input: I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what, at least in the public's mind, is the same news, says Reuven Frank, the former two-time president of NBC News and creator of the Huntley-Brinkley Report.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what, at least in the public's mind, is the same news, says Reuven Frank, the former two-time president of NBC News.", "I find It hard to conception of people converting over toCNN for what, at leastin the public "s mind," is the Same news, describes ReuVEN Frank, creator of the Huntley-Brinkley Report."] )

Input: CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 %, but they're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 %.', "they're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks."] )

Input: But to improve, they've really got to make the investment in people.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Pennzoil\/Texaco litigation, the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In thePennzoil\\/Texaco litigation, the courts found Pennzoil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be binding.', 'In the Pennzette\\/ Texaco litigation, the courts caught Getty Oil intended to being bound ;in ArcadianPhosphates we found there is no intentionto be bound.'] )

Input: But the outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the facts, as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits, were different.
Prediction: NONE

Input: When you suggest otherwise, you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['When you suggest otherwise, you leave the realm of reporting, which you enter the orbit of speculation.'] )

Input: The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received.', 'The community Reinvestments Act requires loan associations to lent money in totals related to Areas where deposits expire.'] )

Input: Terms weren't disclosed, but Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Terms weren't disclosed.", 'Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually.'] COORDINATIONS( ['TermsWeren't disclose.', 'ValLEY Federal had saying it expectedto post a moderate pretax loss.', "ValleyFederal had said Valley Federal expected to saveabout $ 2 billion in operating expenses annually."] ))

Input: Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp., which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches with Imperial Corp., which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements.', 'ValleyFederal said Fridaythat it is Considering whether to pursue the transaction with ImperialCorp., who said it are attempting to comply Community Reinventionment Act requirement.'] )

Input: Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers, developers and creditors.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers.', 'Lawyersfor dozens of bankrupt savings associations were trying a different tack intheir efforts todefuse suits listed by developers.', "LawyersFor dozens of bankruptcy savings associations have trying a New tack inTheir efforts to diffuse suits charged by creditors.", 'Lawyer for dozens from insolvent loan associations are Trying a new approach in their effort to defUSE suits filedby borrowers.'Lawyers from dozens of restructvent loan association are tryinga new tackin their effortsto defuse suit filed by developers over.', ['Lawers for dozens with insolvent loans associations are tried a new angle in their attempts to defase suits filed against creditors.'] )

Input: The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits, numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone, should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still, one federal appeals court has signaled it's willing to entertain the notion, and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Still, one federal appeals court has signaled it's willing to entertain the notion.", 'Still, the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["So.", "Still, two federal appealscourt has signaled It's willingness to entertainthe notion.". 'Still.', 'Still? the lawyers has renewed their argument in Texas.', "Still.the lawyers have revived their arguments on eight otherstates where the Defense is permitted as state law."] ))

Input: The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC's massive legal bills, which topped $ 73 million last year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas.', "The dismissal from the pending suit could go one long way towards reducing the FSLIC's massive legal bills, which topped $ 73 million last year."] )

Input: Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party, including FSLIC.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Sunbelt argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party, including FSLIC.', 'the FSL IC argued tothe Fifth U.-S. Judicial Court of appeals that there won never be all assets with whom to satisfy an judgment againstSunbelt Savings Nor any means of collect fromany other party, including F SLIC.'] )

Input: But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC.', 'But the Court sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas.'] COORDINATIONS( [' But the court sent thecases back toederal district court for Dallas.', ['But it said it lacks enough financial Information aboutSunbelt.', "But the computer said it lack enough financial info about the F SLIC."] ))

Input: But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group, the developer of Valley Ranch, dismisses such arguments as a defense du jour.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["We 'd take the Valley Ranch free as a booby prize.", "We 'll take the valley Ranch clear as a boooby prize "] )

Input: Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home, but has found the commute too difficult to continue.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home.', 'Mr. Kygerson added that he has found the commute too difficult to continue.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Mr. Thykerson said that he finds the commuteToo difficult to proceed.', ['Mr.- ThygERSON said he has planned to Travel between the jobs in Denver.', "Mr. Nygerson described he had plans to travel within his SanDie home."] ))

Input: SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["SOUTHER AFRICA FREED the ANC's Sisulu.", 'SOUTH AFRica FREED seven other political prisoners.'] )

Input: But his release within the next few months is widely expected.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots, and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots.', 'Food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' The Soviet Union announced that billions of tons to easeidespread shortages acrossthe nation were piling up at port depots, 'The Soviet Soviet Union advertised that thousands thousand tons of tons in goods needed for ease widespread shortage across the country were piledup at rail depot,.'- 'food shipments were decaying because of the lack ofpeople to move it cargo.', ['food shipments are rotting becauseof a lack in equipment to moving the cargo.'] ))

Input: Strikes and mismanagement were cited, and Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Strikes and mismanagement were cited.', 'Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Prem Premier Ryzhov warned of tougher measures.', "Strikes were cited.", 'MismanagementWere cited.'] ))

Input: Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape and incest.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape.', 'Bush indicated we might beRoom for flexibilityin a billto allow federal Funding of abortions in a case to allow national funding of abortion for poor woman who are incest.'] )

Input: He reiterated his opposition to such funding, but expressed hope of a compromise.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He reiterated his opposition to such funding.', 'He expressed hope of a compromise.'] )

Input: South Korea's President Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five-day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Roh, who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea, is to meet with Bush tomorrow and is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Roh, who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea, is to meet with Bush tomorrow.', 'Roh ) is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday.'] )

Input: China's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti-party elements and wealthy private businessmen, whom they called exploiters.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["China's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti-party elements.", "China'm Communist leadership went to purge a party of wealthy private businessmen, whom they called exploiters."] COORDINATIONS( [" China's Party leadership votedto purge the Party of wealthyprivate businessmen, who they called exploiteders.", ["China "s Communist Leadership voted to pur the party from hostile elements." "China "m Communist Leadership went to pur a party from anti-Party elements."] ))

Input: Zaire's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola's civil war.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Zaire's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola's civil war.", "Zaire "s PresidentMobutu visited in southern French with a senior U.S. envoy in a Bid to revivean accord to extend Angola 'S civil war "] )

Input: The decision is the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. Posner that began in August.
Prediction: NONE

Input: One week later, Leonard H. Roberts, president and chief executive officer of Arby's, was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["One week later, Leonard H. Roberts, president of Arby's, was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner.", "One week ago, Leon H.Roberts, chief executive officer of Arrial's ) was firedin a disputewith Mr.Posner."] )

Input: The franchisees, owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby's in the U.S., said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us, because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby's system.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The franchisees of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arrial's in the U.S., said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us, because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby "s system.", "The owners of 1,000 ofthe 1, 900 franchisedArby 'S in theU.S.-, said: We have determined that continued takeover of Arrial "s byVictor Posneris totally unacceptableto us, although it is extreme likely to causing irreparable harm to the arby ''s system."/ "The operators of 1 1,040 of the 2,900 Franchised Arby's in Japan, said ; We have conclude that continued controlling of Arbys'sby Victor Posnery is totallyacceptable to us, because it has extremely likelyto cause irre irreparable destruction to theArby "S system."] )

Input: We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby's Inc. and the Arby's system.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby's Inc..", "We support every efforts to removing Victor Posberger from control over the Arby "s system."] )

Input: The group said it would consider, among other things, withholding royalty payments and initiating a class-action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Florida, Renee Mottram, a senior vice president at DWG, responded : We don't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In Florida, Renee Mottram, a senior vice president at DWG, responded : We don't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system.", "In Florida : We didn't believe any individual nor group should illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives."] )

Input: September's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists, and the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market's plunge Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["September's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists.", "the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market's plunge Friday."] )

Input: That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August, and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August.', 'That rise suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy.'] )

Input: But economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself, but what is even worse is that excluding food and energy, the producer price index still increased by 0.7 %, said Gordon Richards, an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself, said Gordon Richards, an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers.', 'what is even worse is that excluding food and energy, the producer price index still increased by 0.7 %, saidGordon Richards,an economist atthe National Association for Manufacturers,

Input: But Sung Won Sohn, chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis, blamed rising energy prices and the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But Sung Won Sohn, chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis, blamed rising energy prices for most of the September jump.', 'But Sung won SOHN, chief economists at NorWest Corp.in Minneapolis, blames the annual autumn increase in car prices formost of the Sept jump.'] )

Input: Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index, but the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index.', 'the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated.'] )

Input: But Dirk Van Dongen, president of the National Association of Wholesaler-Distributors, said that last month's rise isn't as bad an omen as the 0.9 % figure suggests.
Prediction: NONE

Input: If you examine the data carefully, the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices, rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods, he explained.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['If you examine the data carefully, the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices, rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer goods, he explained.', 'If you examined the data careful, the increases is concentrated on energy and Motor vehicle prices, rather than be a broad broad- based advance inthe prices of industrial goods, him explained.'] )

Input: Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September, after climbing 0.5 % in August and declining in the late spring and summer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September, after climbing 0.5 % in August.', 'Passenger Car prices jumped three.8 percent in September, after declining in the late spring and summer.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['passenger car Prices jumped 3,8 % on September, having climbing 0,5 % on August., 'Passengers car prices jump 3. 8 % in Sept, after decliningin the late summer.', "Passengercar prices jumped3.8 percentage in September- after declining on the late springs.", "passenger Car Prices jumped three,8 percent on September, than declining inthe late summer."] ))

Input: But at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices, analysts said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices for crude goods, an array of raw materials, jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Prices for crude goods, an array of raw materials, jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August.', 'Prices are for crude Goods, an arrays of raw Materials, jumped one.1 percentage after edging up 0.2 % in July.'] )

Input: Here are the Labor Department's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September, before seasonal adjustment, and the percentage changes from September, 1988.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Here are the Labor Department's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September, before seasonal adjustment.", 'Here are what percentage changes from September, 1988.'] )

Input: In the year-earlier period, CityFed had net income of $ 485,000, but no per-share earnings.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the year-earlier period, CityFed had net income of $ 485,000.', 'In the years-earliest period, cityFed had no per-share earnings.'] )

Input: CityFed's president and chief executive officer, John Atherton, said the loss stems from several factors.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["CityFed's president, John Atherton, said the loss stems from several factors.", "CityFed "s chief executive officer, John Ctherton," said the losses stems from various factors."] )

Input: He said nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 700 million from $ 516 million between June and September.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Accordingly, CityFed estimated that it will provide between $ 85 million and $ 110 million for credit losses in the third quarter.
Prediction: NONE

Input: City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey.', 'City Federal opens 105 banks offices in Florida.'] )

Input: CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida and, as a result, is taking a charge for discontinued operations.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida.', 'CityFed itself said it as a result, is taking a charge for discontinued operations.'] COORDINation( ['cityFed also says it, as aresult, istaking a chargefor discontinued operations, 'City Fed also said we expects to shedding its remaining Mortgage loan originating operations outside our principal markets on New Jersey.', "CityFedAlso said it expect to shed our remaining mortgage loans origination Operations outside its principals markets in Florida."] ))

Input: He added, however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves, the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He added, however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing, the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range.', 'He added )

Input: In a statement, Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift's operating losses and apparent losses in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In a statement, Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift's operating losses in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends.", 'In a Statement, Miami.-based CencTrust saidthe regulators cited apparent losses in Its junk-bag portfolio in order the suspension in the dividends.'] )

Input: David L. Paul, chairman and chief executive officer, criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision, which issued the directive, saying it was inappropriate and based on insufficient reasons.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['David L. Paul, chairman, criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision, which issued the directive, saying it was inappropriate based on insufficient reasons.', 'David L.- Paul, chief executive officer, criticizedthe federal Office for ThriftSupervision, who issued the directives, say it was based on inadequate reasons.'] )

Input: In March, regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution, largely because of its big junk-bond holdings and its operating losses.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In March, regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution, largely because of its big junk-bond holdings.', 'In March, regulators labeledCenTrusta troubled institution, largely becauseof its operating losses.'] )

Input: Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities Commission.', 'Mr.Paul said only About $ 150 billion of the present holdings are transferable securitiesregistered with the Exchange Commission.'] )

Input: The remainder, he said, are commercial loan participations, or private placements, that aren't filed with the SEC and don't have a ready market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The remainder, he said, are commercial loan participations, or private placements, that aren't filed with the SEC.", "The rest, he made, are Commercial loan participation, orprivate placements ) that don't have a ready market."] )

Input: CenTrust and regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['CenTrust have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds.', 'utility regulators have beenin a dispute about market valuation for the Junk bonds.'] )

Input: The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings, but CenTrust has said it can't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings.', "CenTrust has said it can't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market."] COORDINATIONAL( ['Programs of Thrifts Supervision have been hounded Centrust to provide present market valuesfor its holdings?', "centrust has saidit ca n 't easily obtainsuch values becauseof the relative Illiquidityof the bonds.", "CinTrust has described it ca N't easily obtained such valuesBecause of lack of an ready market.'] ))

Input: Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust's and other thrifts'junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk-bond market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust's junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation.", "Regulators has become increasingly anty aboutCenTrust "s junk -bond holding in light as the recent deep decline in the junk-Bond market.", 'Regulators Have become increasingly dusty about other thrifts'junk-bag holdings in Light of the past federal thrifts bailout legislation.', 'Regulator have become especially antsy on other thrift'junk -bag holdingsin light ofthe recent deep declines in the Junk-bonds market.'] )

Input: In a statement Friday, Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision, saying the thrift's operating losses and apparent junk-bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In a statement Friday, Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision, saying the thrift's operating losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank.", "In a statements Friday, he challenged the regulations'decision, saying apparent junk-bond losses have be substantially offsetby gains in existing activities ofthe bank."] )

Input: Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction, which was announced in July, long before now.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Most analysts had expected a decision on the proposed transaction, which was announced in July, long before now.', 'Most thrift executives had expecteda decision onthe proposed transaction, which was announcement in July.'] )

Input: Branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Branches can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution.', 'dep deposits can be sell at a higher in the case federal regulators Take over an institutions.'] )

Input: CenTrust, however, touts the branch sale, saying it would bring in $ 150 million and reduce the thrift's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['CenTrust, however, touts the branch sale, saying it would bring in $ 150 million for the thrift's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion.', "Centrust, however."] )

Input: It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million, or about 1.2 % of assets, from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30, thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million, from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30, thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards.', 'It said that the sale will give it good tangible capital for about 1.2 % of assets, froma negative $ 3 million asof Sept. 29, thus bring Centrust close to compliance standards.'] )

Input: Critics, however, say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits and junk bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Critics, however, say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits.', 'Critics, therefore, say that the branch sales will makes Centrust more dependent over ever on junk bonds.'] )

Input: The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds, and it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate, as required under the new thrift law.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds.', 'it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate, as required under the new thrift law.'] )

Input: But perhaps even more remarkable, the three-hour-show, Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB-, regularly wins the top slot in the country's TV ratings, sometimes drawing as many as 50 % of West German households.
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the 1992 economic integration approaches, Europe's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism, threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas, Miami Vice and L.A. Law.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["As the 1992 economic integration approaches, Europe's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism, threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas.", "As the1992 economic integration approach, Europe "s cultural Curators have took to the rampsarts againstAmerican cultural imperialism, threatening to imposing quotas againstsuch pop invaders such as Miami Vice.", ["As The 1992 economic integrate approaches, Germany's culture curators has taken tothe ramparts toward American cultural empire, threateningto impose quotas on such pop invasement as L.A. Law."] )

Input: But much of what the Europeans want to protect seems every bit as cheesy as what they are trying to keep out.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers, who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe's TV shows be produced in Europe.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television producers, who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe's TV shows be produced in Europe.", "The most radical opposition toAmerican TV imports have come fromFrench movie producers, whom have demanded quota ensuring that one full 60 percentage of Europe "s TV Shows be producedin Europe."] )

Input: A glance through the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A glance through the television listings suggest one reason why.', 'a few twists of the European television dial suggest one purpose why.'] )

Input: While there are some popular action and drama series, few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['While there are some popular action series, few boast the high culture one might expect.', 'While there have some popular drama series, many boast the classy production values one might assume.'] )

Input: More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows, variety hours, movies and talk shows, many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows, many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts.', 'More European Air time is fill with variety hours, manyof which areauthorized knock-off of their European counterparts.'] )

Input: Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost, agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost, agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying their combined weight in potato pancakes.', 'Mr. Curt nonetheless charged the penaltyas if he lost, selling their combined Weight in potato panc.'] )

Input: European programs usually target only their own local audience, and often only a small portion of that.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['European programs usually target only their own local audience.', 'European programs often only a small portion of that.'] )

Input: Mega-hits in Germany or Italy rarely make it even to France or Great Britain, and almost never show up on U.S. screens.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mega-hits in Germany rarely make it even to France or Great Britain.', 'Mega- hits in German almost never show up on U.S. screens.', "Mega-Hits in Italy rarely makeIt even toFrance or GreatBritain.", 'Mega'-hits on Italy almost nevershow up onU.S.-based screens.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Mega-hITS in Germany almost never see up on United.S, screens.','Mega- hITS in Italy almost rarely show up in U.U. screens.'-','mega-hiting in Germany often make it only to France.', '(Mega-hsits in France rarely make It even to Great Britain.", "Mega -hitsin Italy rarely makes it evento France.", 'Mega - hitsinItaly rarely makeit even toGreat Britain.'] ))

Input: For the most part, what's made here stays here, and for good reason.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["For the most part, what's made here stays here.", 'for good reason.'] )

Input: There is, for instance, One Man and His Dog, a herding contest among sheep dogs.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['There is, for instance, One Man, a herding contest among sheep dogs.', 'There is )

Input: Also riveting to the British are hours of dart-throwing championships, even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Also riveching to the British are hours of dart-throwing championships.', 'Also riveting to theBritish are even more hours of lawn bowling contests.', '(Also rivetering to the Brit are still more hours in snooker marathons.'] )

Input: A French knock-off of Dallas, called Chateauvallon and set in a French vineyard, had a good run in France, which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A French knock-off of Dallas, called Chateauvallon, had a good run in France, which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident.', 'A French knocked-offof Dallas, set in a French vineyard, hada good runin France, who ended afterthe female lead is injured ina real- life auto accident?'] )

Input: Schwarzwaldklinik, -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB-, a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa, is popular in Germany, and has spread into France.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Schwarzwaldklinik, -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB-, a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa, is popular in Germany.', 'SchwarznwaldkLINik, "-LRB'- Black Forest Clinik, A kind of Germany St.Elsewhere set on a health Spa, has spread into France.'] )

Input: Italy's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra, or The Octopus, which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Italy's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra, which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia.", "Italy "s most Popular series is an drama called The Octopus, whichchronicles the Fight of an Idealistic young Investigator in Palersmo againstthe Mafia."] )

Input: But frequently there isn't much choice.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We've basically got to start from scratch, to train writers and producers to make shows that other people will want to see, concedes Colin Young, head of Britain's National Film Theatre School.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["We've basically got to start from scratch, concedes Colin Young, head of Britain's National Film Theatre School.", "We ''ve basically gotto train writers to make shows that other people will want to see, concedes Steven Young, founder of Britain "s National Television Theatre School "We "ve basically gotten to train producers to make Shows that other person will wantto see, declares Colin Young, head ofBritain'sNational Film Theatre Group."] )

Input: Until recently, national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Until recently, national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little advertising.', 'Until recent, national Governments in Europe uncontrolled most of, and allowed no advertising.'] )

Input: Since production costs were guaranteed, it didn't matter that a program couldn't be sold abroad or put into syndication, as most American programs are.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Since production rates were guaranteed, it didn't matter that a program couldn't be sold abroad, as most American programs are.", "Since production costs were guaranteed.', "Sinceproduction costs were guarantee, it doesn't Matter that a programs could n 't be put into syndication, asmost American programs were."] )

Input: But not much money was spent on the shows, either, a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk and game shows, while discouraging expensive-to-produce dramas.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But not much money was spent on the shows, either, a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk shows, while discouraging expensive- to-produce dramas.', 'But not enough money was used on theshows, either ; a situation which encouraged cheap -to-made game shows, if discouraging expensive-'to-' dramas.'] )

Input: Now, however, commercial channels are coming to most European countries, and at the same time, satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Now, however, commercial channels are coming to most European countries.', 'Now, therefore, at the same time, satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Before, however. commercial channels is coming tomost European countries?', 'now, however.", 'Now, however.at the sametime, satellite technology is spread rapidly.', '(Now, too, cable Technology is spreading rapid.'] ))

Input: The result is a new and huge appetite for programming.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The result is a new appetite for programming.', 'The result comes a huge appetite for Programming.'] )

Input: But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas, most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S..
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas, most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S..', 'But perhapsto the constERNation of some calling for quota, mostof this void will likely to being filled with most plentiful programming now offered -- rerun -- usuallyof shows made made in Japan.'] )

Input: Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn, Laura Colby in Milan, Tim Carrington in London and Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to this article.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article.', 'Laura Colby in Milan contributed to This article.'] )

Input: British Aerospace PLC and France's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions, greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['British Aerospace PLC said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions, greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors.', "France's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they're nearing an opportunity to mergetheir guided-Missile divisions."] )

Input: The 50-50 joint venture, which may be dubbed Eurodynamics, would have combined annual sales of at least  1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world's largest missile makers.
Prediction: NONE

Input: After two years of talks, plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French and British government clearance.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['After two years of talks, plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French government clearance.', 'After two year of talks, plans forthe venture are significantly advanced for those companies to seeking British government clearance.'] )

Input: The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies, and help make them a leading force in European defense contracting.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies.', 'The venture will help make them a leading force in European defense contracting.'] )

Input: In recent months, a string of cross-border mergers and joint ventures have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In recent months, a string of cross-border mergers have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture.', 'In recent times, a series of joint ventures have reshaping the once'-balkanedized worldof European arms production.'] )

Input: Already, British Aerospace and French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air-traffic control radar system.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Already, British Aerospace Collaboration collaborate on a British missile contract.', 'Already,British Aerospace collaborate on an air-traffic control radar system.', "Already, French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate ona British missile contracts.", 'Already, French government.-controlled Thomson-'s collaborate onan air-Traffic control Radar system.'] )

Input: The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe's defense industry.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe's defense industry.", "The sudden Romance of British Aeropharmaceuticals -- traditionally cynical competitors for Third World weapons contracts ) is stirring excitement in WesternEurope's Defense industry."] COORDINATIONAL( ["This sudden romance in British Aerospace -- traditionally bitterly competitors forMiddle East weapons contract -- is stir controversy in Eastern Europe 'S defense industry,", "This sudden Romance with British Aerospace, traditionally bitter competitor for Third world weapons contracts... is stirring uncertainty in Western European'sdefense industry.". "Theudden romance of Thomson- CSF -- traditional bitter competitorsfor Middle East arms contracts -- has stirring controversyin Western Europe "s defense era.", "-The sudden crush of Thomson'-CSF, traditionally cynical competitor forThird World weapons contract... is stirred controversy inWestern Europe'm defense industry..."] ))

Input: Most threatened by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals, including Matra S.A. in France and Britain's General Electric Co. PLC.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Most challenged by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals, including Matra S.A. in France.', "Most threatened by closerBritish Aerospace- Thomson tieswould be their combined national rivals, including Britain's General Electric Co. PLC."] )

Input: But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford, Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday, a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight, as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Yesterday, a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight, as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace.', 'Yesterday, the source closeto GEC announced that he company may joined the FerRANTi fight, as partof a possible coalition that would Bid against Thomson-CSF.'] )

Input: Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra, Britain's Dowty Group PLC, West Germany's Daimler-Benz AG, and France's Dassault group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra, which is Britain's Dowty Group PLC, which are West Germany's Daimler-Benz AG, which also includes France's dassault group.'] )

Input: But it may be weeks before GEC and its potential partners decide whether to bid, the source indicated.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But it may be weeks before GEC decide whether to bid, the source indicated.', 'But it May be weeksBefore its potential partners decide whetherto bid,the source indicated.'] )

Input: Also, any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts, and its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country's defense industry.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Also, any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators.", "Also, if Ferranti is GEC's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts.", 'Also, its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country's defense industry.'] )

Input: A consortium bid, however, would diminish GEC's direct role in Ferranti and might consequently appease ministry officials.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A consortium bid, however, would diminish GEC's direct role in Ferranti.", 'A consortium bids, therefore, might consequently appease ministry officials.'] )

Input: For both Thomson and British Aerospace, earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries ; and Middle East sales, a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports, have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['For both Thomson and British Aerospace, earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries.', "But Middle East sales, a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports, have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices."] COORDINATIONS( ["For both Reuters, earningsin their home market have comeunder pressure from extremely tight-feisted defense policies.", "For both British Aerospace ) earnings intheir home markets has come underpressure from increasingly Tight-fisting defense ministries."] ))

Input: The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance, West Germany's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain's Plessey Co., and Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b. H.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The European defense industry is consolidating.", "West Germany's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain's Plessey Co..", 'Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b. H.'] )

Input: In missiles, Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival, France's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to better compete, Thomson officials say, they need a partnership.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In missiles, Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace ; to better compete, Thomson officials say, they need a partnership.', "In missiles, Thomson is also overshadowed by its home rival, France's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to more compete, Reuters officials say, they needa partnership."] )

Input: Interprovincial, Canada's biggest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S., said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991, 8 % lower than a previous estimate.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Interprovincial, Canada's biggest oil pipeline operator, said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991, 8 % lower than a previous estimate.", 'Interprovince, a major transporter of crude to the U.S., said revisions industry forecasts indicating that Canadian Oil output willtotal about one.64 billion barrels aday by 1991, 8 % higher than a previously estimate.'] )

Input: The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping, and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically, as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas, said Ronald Watkins, vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial's parent, Interhome Energy Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping, as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas, said Ronald Watkins, vice president for government relations with Interprovincial's parent, Interhome Energy Inc.", "The capability to deliver Oil is dropping, as manyducers shift their importance to naturalgas, said Ron Watkins, chairman for oil exploration activity is also down dramatically, asmany producers shifttheir emphasis to Natural gas, more recently, in both government relationsWith Interprovince's parents, InterHome Energy Inc.', "The ability of existing field to deliver gas is down sharply, as much producers shiftTheir emphasis to oil exploration activities is also up dramatically,as many producers move their emphasisto natural gas."] )

Input: Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial's system is down about 2 % since January and is expected to fall further, making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial's system is down about 2 % since January, making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s.", "Mr. Owens said volume in Interprovince's systems is expected to fall further, making contraction unnecessary untilperhaps the mid -1990s "Mr.- Watkins said volumes on InterProvincial 'S system is downs about 2 percentage since January.", "-Mr. Yates said volume over Interprovional's System is expectedto fall further."] )

Input: Many of Canada's oil and gas producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil, and have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Many of Canada's oil producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil.", "Many ofCanada's gas producers say they have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly."] COORDINATIONAL( [" many of Canada "s oilducers say the Outlook for natural Gas is betterthan it isfor oil.". "Manyof Canada 'S oil producers complain the forecast for naturalgas has shifted its exploration budgets accordingly.", "Few of Canada "'s oil companies say the forecastfor natural gas has shifted their development budgets immediately.", ["ManyofCanada 'S gas producers are better than they is for gas.", 'Many of Alberta's natural gas producers have shifting their exploration spending accordingly.', 'ManyOf Canada'sin gas producershave shifted their production budgets accordingly.'] ))

Input: The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago, and the number of completed oil wells is down more than that, due to the increasing focus on gas exploration, said Robert Feick, manager of crude oil with Calgary's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada, an industry group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago, compared to the increasing focus on gas exploration, said Robert Feick, manager of crude oil with Calgary's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada, an industry group.", "the number of completed oil wells is down more than that, due to the increase focus on oil exploration, based on the increasing interest on gas production, saidRobert Feick, manager of oil with Alberta's independent Petroleum Associationof Canada,an industry Group."] )

Input: Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada, and almost 60 % of Interprovincial's total volume consists of light crude.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada.', "almost 60 % of Interprovincial's total volume consists of light crude."] )

Input: Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial's system, whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region, including Chicago, Buffalo, Toronto and Montreal.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial's system, whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.K. cities in the Great Lakes region, including Chicago.", "Nearly allof the crude oils that Canada export to the United.S.-Canada cities inthe Great Lakes area, including Buffalo.", ["NearlyAll of the oil thatCanada exports to Japan is transportedon Interprovince's systems, its main line run from Edmontonto major U.-S. cities on the Great lakes region, like Toronto.", "-Nearly allOf the crude Oil that Canada sells to the L.S.; Canada cities in general Lakes region, including Montreal."] )

Input: Canada's current oil exports to the U.S. total about 600,000 barrels a day, or about 9.1 % of net U.S. crude imports, said John Lichtblau, president of the New York-based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation.
Prediction: NONE

Input: That ranks Canada as the fourth-largest source of imported crude, behind Saudi Arabia, Nigeria and Mexico.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['That ranks Canada as the fourth-largest source of imported crude, behind Saudi Arabia.', 'That ranksCanada as the second-largest sources of imported oil, behind Nigeria.', ['That rank Canada as a fourth-highest source of importing crude, between Mexico.'] )

Input: But when something is inevitable, you learn to live with it, he said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume and increased costs.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Inland Stainless Industries Inc. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume.', 'Inland Steel Industries Inc.- expects toreport that third quarter earnings dropped More than 50 percentage from the next quarter as as a combination of increased costs.'] )

Input: In the second quarter, the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share, including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit, on sales of $ 1.11 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the second quarter, the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million, including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit, on sales of $ 1.11 billion.', 'In thesecond quarter, it had net Income of $ one.25 a share, includinga pretax Charge of $ 15 million relatedto the settlementof a suit, on sales from $ 1.11 billion.'] )

Input: The company said normal seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter, compared with the second quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The company said normal seasonal softness reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter, compared with the second quarter.', 'The company says lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipmentsby 200, thousand tons inthe latest week, comparedwith the secondquarter.'] )

Input: At the same time, the integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair and maintenance expenses, as well as higher labor costs under its new contract.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At the same time, the integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair expenses, as well as higher labor costs under its new contract.', 'At the Same time,the integrated- steel business was hit by continued increase in materials prices and maintenance expenses,as well as older labor costs in its current contract.'] )

Input: The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins and start-up costs associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit.', 'The service-'s center business was hit by start-up costs associated with Its Joseph T. Ryerson Associates unit.'] )

Input: The company said it is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel and steel-service-center segments, which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The company said it is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel segments, which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter.', 'The company described it is begin to see more shipping-rates improvements inboth the steel-service-center segments, who should resultin improved resultsfor the fourthquarter.'] )

Input: In the year-earlier third quarter, when the industry was in the midst of a boom, the company had net of $ 61 million, or $ 1.70 a share, on sales of $ 1.02 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the year-earlier third quarter, when the industry was in the midst of a boom, the company had net of $ 61 million, on sales of $ 1.02 billion.', 'In the years-earliest third quarter, when the company was in in the middle of a bo, the industry had netof $ 1,70 a share, on sale of $ 2.02 million.'] )

Input: Take Microsoft Corp., the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Take Microsoft Corp., the largest maker of personal computer software.', 'Take Microsoft Inc., generally considered an industry bellwether.'] )

Input: But that was all of three months ago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: To illustrate, Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer-related firms he follows, half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year's results, and half above those results.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["To illustrate, Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer-related firms he follows, half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year's results.", 'To illustrates, Mr.- Rogers said he is half above those results.'] )

Input: Among those companies expected to have a down quarter are Hewlett-Packard Co., Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc., generally solid performers in the past.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In July, the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million, or 23 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In July, the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million.', 'In July, the company announced that boom sales of New personal computers ranging from Apple or IBM had yielded in net interest more than doubled for its four quarter ended July 30 to 23 cents a share.'] )

Input: In computer publishing, a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc., which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In computer publishing, a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc., which sells software that controls the image produced by printers.', 'In computerilling, a fight over typeface is hurtingadobe Systems Inc, which sellssoftware that controls what image produced through displays.'] )

Input: Until recently, Adobe had a lock on the market for image software, but last month Apple, Adobe's biggest customer, and Microsoft rebelled.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Until recently, Adobe had a lock on the market for image software.', "overall, last month Apple, Adobe's biggest customer, and Microsoft rebelled."] COORDINATIONAL( ['Before recently,adobe had a locked on themarket for imagesoftware.', "-last month Apple.", "last month Adobe 'S biggest customer.", 'last month Microsoft rebelling.'] ))

Input: Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe's approach, and analysts say they are likely to carry IBM, the biggest seller of personal computers, along with them.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe's approach.", 'Now analysts say they are likely to carry IBM, the biggest seller of personal computers, along with them.'] )

Input: It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales, said Russ Crabs, an analyst at Soundview Financial Group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It creates uncertainty, said Russ Crabs, an analyst at Soundview Financial Group.', 'It usually slows down sales, saidRuss Crabs, an analystat Soundview National Group.'] )

Input: IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel, while the nine other leading computer makers, including H-P and Compaq Computer Corp., have chosen another method.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel, while the nine other leading computer makers, including H-P Computer Corp., have chosen another method.', 'IBM has backing one types of buses called micro channel, whilethe nine other Leading computer makers ) including Compaq Computer Corp.-1, has chosen another way.'] )

Input: He said Apple's family of Macintosh computers, for instance, uses four different buses and no one seems to mind.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["He said Apple's family of Macintosh computers, for instance, uses four different buses.", 'He said no one seems to mind.'] )

Input: The gap between winners and laggards will grow.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In personal computers, Apple, Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold on their business.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In personal computers, Apple are expected to tighten their hold on their business.', 'In personal computing, Compaq are expectedto tighten their grip on theirbusiness.', ['In Personal computers, IBM are expected will tighten their holding on their businesses.'] )

Input: Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business, but they haven't delivered products that sell, said Kimball Brown, an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business, according Kimball Brown, an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities.', "they haven't delivered products that sell, said KimballBrown, analyst at PrUDential- Bache Securities."] )

Input: Ever-more powerful desk-top computers, designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains, are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Ever-more powerful desk-top computers, designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains, are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers.', 'Ever-MORE powerful desk-'s powerful desks-top computer, designedwith one or less microprocessORS as their brain, areexpected to increasingly Take on functions carry out by higher expensive mainframes.'] )

Input: As a result of this trend, longtime powerhouses H-P, IBM and Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['As a result of this trend, longtime powerhouses H-P Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own.', 'As aresult of this week, longtime Powerhouses IBM Corp. were scrambling tocounterattack with macroprocessor- based systems oftheir own.'] )

Input: But they will have to act quickly.
Prediction: NONE

Input: So are Indiana, Ohio and Michigan.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['So are Indiana.', 'So are Ohio.', '(So are Michigan.'] )

Input: Iowa, for instance, saw its population grow by 11,000 people, or 0.4 %, between 1987 and 1988, the Census Bureau says.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Iowa, for instance, saw its population grow by 11,000 people, between 1987 and 1988, the Census Bureau says.', 'Iowa,for instance, seen its population grew by 0.4 %, between 1988 and 1988, the Census bureau says.'] )

Input: Between 1987 and 1988, North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population, a loss of 4,000 people.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, South Dakota and Wisconsin.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois.', 'Six of those midwestern countries have been grow steadily since1980 -- Kansas.', ['Sixof the 12 Midwestern states are growing steadily until 1980 -- Minnesota.',�Six ofthe 12 midwest states have grown steadily since 1981 -- Missouri.', `Six of these 12 midWestern states have become growing steadilysince 1980 -- South Dakota.', '(Six of The 12 midastern states have remained growing steadilySince 1980 -- Wisconsin.'] )

Input: And although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade, they are growing again.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['And although Pennsylvania suffered slight declines earlier in the decade, they are growing again.', 'And although Massachusetts suffered slight losses earlier inthe decade,they are growingagain.'] )

Input: At the same time, several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At the same time, several states in the South have had their own population turnaround.', 'At the Same time,Several states in West have hadtheir own population turnover.'] )

Input: Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Montana, Wyoming and Alaska.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia.', 'Seven states who grew inthe early 1980ss are now loses population -- Mississippi.', "Seven states which grew in Japan are now lost population -- Louisiana.",'seven states that grown in the late 1980s were now losing populations -- Oklahoma.', '(Seven statesthat grew in Europe are now lose population -- Montana.', `Seven statesThat grew in California are now loss population -- Wyoming.'] )

Input: Overall, though, the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest, and fast-growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Overall, though, the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest.', 'Overall,though, fast-growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' overall, though ; the South still outpaced the Northeast.', "Overall, while, the West still uppace the Midwest.", 'Overall ) though, fast,growing states such Florida ensure that it pattern will continued.', ``Overall, however, fast-,growing stateslike California ensureThat the pattern is continue.', ['Overall -- though, as the South continue to outpacethe Northeast?', 'Throughout, though, the South continuing to overpace the West despite the Northeast ensure that they pattern will continues.', '(Overall, handling,as the West continue to oversize the Northeast despite the pattern change, 'Overall ))

Input: But the growth gap between the Sun Belt and other regions has clearly started narrowing.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even after losing a spouse, more of the elderly are staying independent.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even among those aged 75 and older, the share living with a spouse rose slightly, to 40 % in 1988 from 38 % in 1970.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But even among those aged 75 and older, the share living with a spouse rose slightly, to 40 % in 1988 from 38 % in 1970.'] )

Input: Only 17 % of those aged 75 and older lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988, down from 26 % in 1970.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Only 17 % of those aged 75 lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988, down from 26 % in 1970.', 'Only 17 percentage of those older lived with cousins other than spouse in 1988, down from 56 % in 1973.'] )

Input: More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically.', 'Most people are remain independent longer Presumably because they have better off financially.'] )

Input: MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success and money above family.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success above family.', 'MANYAFFLUent people place money above family.'] )

Input: At least that's what a survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich, Clancy, Shulman indicates.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["At least that's what a survey by Ernst & Young, Clancy, Shulman indicates.", "At leastthat'swhat a surveyby Yankelovich, Clancy, Shulmann indicates."] )

Input: Being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Being successful in careers are top priorities for this group.','spending the money they make are top priority for these group.'] )

Input: Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000, and average net assets were reported as $ 775,000.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000.', 'average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 %'] )

Input: Across the board, these consumers value quality, buy what they like rather than just what they need, and appreciate products that are distinctive.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Across the board, these consumers value quality, buy what they like rather than just what they need, and appreciate products that are distinctive.', 'Across the Board, theseumers buy what it like rather less what they needs, and appreci products that have distinctive.'] )

Input: Despite their considerable incomes and assets, 40 % of the respondents in the study don't feel financially secure, and one-fourth don't feel that they have made it.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Despite their considerable incomes and assets, 40 % of the respondents in the study don't feel financially secure.", "Despite their substantial incomes andassets, one-fourth do n'feel that they have made it."] COORDINATIONS( [" despite their considerable income, 40 percent of the participants in thestudy do n' feel financially secured.", ["Despite our considerable assets, one'-fourth do N't feel that we have made It.", 'Despite their tremendous incomes, 40%) of the Respondents in the Study do n\' feel financially insecure.', "Despitetheir considerable incomes, two % of their respondents inthe study do N's feel financiallysecure.", "-Despite their remarkable assets, two-fourthdon't feels that they has made it..."] ))

Input: While twothirds feel some guilt about being affluent, only 25 % give $ 2,500 or more to charity each year.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE NUMBER of women and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["THE NUMBER of women who hold jobs in top management in the nation's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978.", "THE NUMber of minorities who hold Jobs in top Management in the country's large banks has less than doubledsince 1978."] )

Input: The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials and managers in the top 50 banks, up from 33 % in 1978.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The AmericanBankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials in the top 50 banks, up from 33 % in 1978.', 'The American Bankers Association describes that women makes up 47 percentage of managers in the bottom 50 banks ) up from 53 % in 1976.'] )

Input: The amount of income divvied up for each man, woman and child was $ 16,489 in 1988, up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987.
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 54 % are women, and 44 % are part-time students.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['About 54 % are women.', '44 % are part-time students.'] )

Input: Trouble with a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Trouble with a capital T.', 'that rhymes with P and that stands for pool.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['troublewith a capital P.', "that rhyles with P.", 'that stands for Pool.'] ))

Input: Mayor Lynn Spruill and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison's main street.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mayor Lynn Spruill said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison's main street.", "two members of the council said they are worried about Setting a precedentthat would permit pools halls alongAddison 'S main street..."] )

Input: And the mayor, in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Prof. Hill's, warned that alcohol leads to betting, which leads to fights.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pool is hot in New York and Chicago, he insists, where upscale, suit-and-tie places are adding tables.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Pool is hot in New York, he insists, where upscale, suit-and-tie places are adding tables.', 'Pool is Hot in Chicago, he insist, where affluent, suit'-and- tie places are added tables.'] )

Input: With today's tougher drunk driving laws, he adds, people don't want to just sit around and drink.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["With today's tougher drunk driving laws, he adds, people don't want to just sit around.", "With Today's tough drunk driving rules, he emphasizes, peopledon't wants to just drink."] )

Input: Besides, rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski, where rooms average $ 200 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Besides, rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski, where rooms average $ 200 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop.'] )

Input: At the lounge, manager Elizabeth Dyer won't admit patrons in jeans, T-shirts or tennis shoes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["At the lounge, manager Elizabeth Dyer won't admit patrons in jeans.", "At the loun't admits patrons in T-shirts.", "-At the Lounge, managerElizabeth Dyerwon't admitting patrons in tennis shoes."] )

Input: But a majority of the Addison council didn't buy those arguments.
Prediction: NONE

Input: After its previous mayor committed suicide last year, an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects, gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town's coffers for trips and retreats.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['After its previous mayor committed suicide last year, an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects.', 'After its subsequent mayor committed Suicide last year, an investigation indicated that town executives regularly gave special favors to developer friends.', "After its previously mayor commit suicide last week, an Investigation disclosed that market officials regularly dipped into the town's coffers for trips and retreats."] COORDINATIONAL( ['When its previous president committed suicide yesterday year, An investigation disclosedThat town officials frequently voted ontheir own projects.", 'Afterits previous mayor commit Suicide last week, an Investigation indicated that market executives regularly giving special favorsto developer friends?', "Before its previous Mayor committed suicide next year,an investigation disclosed how town officials dipped intothe town 'S coffers for visits.", "Afterits previously mayor committed suicides last year,, an investigation discovered that town representatives dipped into in the town "s coffers to trips.", ["After its earlier mayor committedicide last year ; an investigation disclosing that town Officials dipped into into the market's liquidity for retreats.")] ))

Input: The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS's new show Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts, Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole, tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole, tucking in a Hawaiian shirt.', 'Richard Chamberlain dress as aMainland Haole, rolling up its long sleeves.'] )

Input: And the local expression for brother is brah, not bruddah.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty, if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left, not right, ear.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A good bet would be the tension between blacks and Jews in New York City.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or so it must seem to Jackie Mason, the veteran Jewish comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- 9:30-10 p.m. EDT -RRB-.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup, he's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup, and he's currently a man in hot water.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup.', "Not only he's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup.", "Now only he's currently a man in hot water."] )

Input: Here, in neutral language, is the gist of Mr. Mason's remarks, quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign, and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Here, in neutral language, is the gist of Mr. Mason's remarks, quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign.", "Here, on neutral language, is the essence of Mr.- Mason 'S remarks, then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company."] COORDINATIONAL( [" Here, inneutral language, comes the gistof Mr. Muller's comments, quoted then in the Voice while it was a Paid spokesman forthe Rudolph Giuliani gubernatorial campaign."., "here, inutral language, goes the gist with Mr.-Mason's statements, thenin Newsweek afterhe parted company.", "Here, in neutral languages, isthe gist ofMr. Mason "s remarks."] ))

Input: As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt, live television and the nightclub circuit, Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt, Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular.', 'As a practitioners of ethnic jokes from the past days on live television, Mr.- Mason instinctively reaches for the #vernacular.','As a practitionerof ethnic humorfrom the old Days on the nightclub circuit, Mr. Mason instinctively reach for the style.'] )

Input: He said Jews were sick with complexes ; and he called David Dinkins, Mr. Giuliani's black opponent, a fancy shvartze with a mustache.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He said Jews were sick with complexes.', "he called David Dinkins, Mr. Giuliani's black opponent, a fancy shvartze with a mustache."] )

Input: It probably would, because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["It probably would, because few of the people upset by Mr. Mason's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language.", "It probably will, because none of the People upset byMr. Mason "s remarks has bothered to differentiate between the substances of his remarks and the truth that he use insulting language..."] )

Input: These critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group, such as Polish jokes ; and the type that is double-edged, aiming inward as well as outward.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latter typically is the humor of the underdog, and it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The latter typically is the humor of the underdog.', 'it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['the latter typically comes the humorof the underdog!', 'It was perfectedby both blacks on the Minstrel stage asA means of mock their white audiences alongwith themselves.', ['It was mastered by both black on the mstrelstage as a possible of mockingtheir gentile audience along with their.', "It was invented by both Jews onthe vaudebille stageas a means to mocking their White audiences alongWith themselves.", 'itwas perfected byboth Jews on both vaudevaille stageAs a meansof mocking their gentile viewers along with itself.'] ))

Input: In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce, this double-edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce, this double-edged blade could cut both the self to ribbons.', 'In the palms of a fervor like Lyle Bruce,this double- edged blade could cutting both the audience to ribnets.'] )

Input: But wielded by a pro like Jackie Mason, it is a constructive form of mischief.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing, they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing, they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions.', 'Because despite every the media Prattle about Comedy and politicsnot mixing,they are similarin one respect ; Both can offer as mechanisms to facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict.'] )

Input: That's why it's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police, on college campuses and elsewhere, taboo all critical mention of group differences.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["That's why it's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police, on college campuses, taboo all critical mention of group differences.", "That "s why there's so-intentionedly considered thought police."] )

Input: The question is, if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB-, and if Mr. Mason's type of ethnic humor is passe, then what other means do we have for letting off steam?
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The question is, if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB-, then what other means do we have for letting off steam?", "The question Is, if Mr. Mason's type of ethnic humor is passe, then which other means does we havefor letting on steam?"] )

Input: Don't say the TV sitcom, because that happens to be a genre that, in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody, resembles politics more than it does comedy.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Don't say the TV sitcom, because that happens to be a genre that, in its desperate need to attract everybody, resembles politics more than it does comedy.", "Do n 't say theTV sitcom, although that happen to be one genre that, in its desperation need to offend nobody, resemblespolitics more than It does comedy..."] )

Input: But these are not the differences that make headlines.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Chicken Soup, Mr. Mason plays Jackie, a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB-, an Irish widow and mother of three, against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB-.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In Chicken Soup, Mr. Mason plays Jackie, a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB-, an Irish widow, against the wishes of his mother - LRB- Rita Karin -RR B-.', 'In Chicken soup, Mr.- Mason plays Jacquie, aJewish bachelor courted Maddie, one Irish widow, against the wish of her brother Michael -L RB- Brandon Maggart -RRb-.' 'InChicken Soup,Mr. Mason Plays Jackie, an American mother of three, againstthe wishes of himself mother -LDB- Rita Kurt -RR b-.'] )

Input: At least, they both speak with strong accents, as do Jackie and Maddie.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At least, they both speak with strong accents, as do Jackie.', 'At least, they both spoke with strong accent, as does Maddie.'] )

Input: And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Back in the 1920s, the play and movie versions of Abie's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author, Anne Nichols, lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Back in the 1920s, the play versions of Abie's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author, Anne Nichols, lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain.", "Back inthe 1920s, the movie versions ofAbie 'S Irish Rose make the theme about courtship among the assimilating offspring of Judaism and Irish immigrant so popularthat its author, Anne Nichols, lost a duplism suiton the groundsthat the plot have entered thepublic domain."] )

Input: And it has remained there, as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie, whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['And it has remained there, as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie, whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter.', 'And it have remained there, as evidenced as its reappear in a 1973 CBS sitcom call BridgetLoves Bernie ) whose sole difference was that It led to a real- life marriage of David Birney.'] )

Input: Clearly, the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over, but whether it will simmer at all.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Clearly, the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over.', 'Clearly, it is not if it will simmer at all.'] )

Input: So far, the bubbles have been few and far between.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['So far, the bubbles have been few between.', 'So far between.'] )

Input: For instance, Michael dislikes Jackie not because he's a shrewd Jewish businessman, but because he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["For instance, Michael dislikes Jackie not because he's a shrewd Jewish businessman.", 'For instance, Michael dislits Jackie not only because he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker.'] )

Input: Even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom preachiness and Mr. Mason's comic persona.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB-, when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode and starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The best moments in the show occur at the beginning -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB-, when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode.', 'The best moment in the shows occur at both the beginning and frequently in themiddle -RRBs-,when Mr. Muller starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself.', "The best times in the group occur at either the beginning "-LRB'- and occasionallyin the middle "-RRB'-, whenMr. Mason slip into his standsup mode.", 'The Best moments in this show occur in the beginning-LRB - and occasionally on the middle-RRB -, when he starts meted out that age-fashioned Israeli mischief toOther people as far as to his.', '(The best Moments in the Show occur at each end -LDB- and sometimes in the center -RRb-, When Mr. Crane slips intohis standupmode.', ', 'The good moments in that show occur on the end - LRB- but occasionally inthe middle -LB- when Mr.- Mason starts metING out that same-fashioned Russian mischief to OTHER people as clearly as to itself.'] )

Input: But too often, these routines lack spark because this sitcom, like all sitcoms, is timid about confronting Mr. Mason's stock in trade - ethnic differences.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But I am suggesting that they stop requiring Mr. Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about caring for other people that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy, he added, remains well-balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The economy, he added, remains well-balanced.', 'the outlook is for continued moderate growth.'] )

Input: After the 1929 crash, Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country... is on a sound and prosperous basis.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['After the 1929 crash, Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country... is on a sound basis.', 'After the 1987 crash, Herb Hoover said ; The fundamentalbusiness of the nation... ison a prosperous basis.'] )

Input: James Robinson, 57 years old, was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['James Robinson, 57 years old, was elected president of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives.', 'James Robinson, 57 yearsold, waselected chief executive officer of this makers of magnetic Recording heads for disks drives.'] )

Input: He has been president and chief executive officer of Amperex Electronics Corp., a division of North American Philips Corp., itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He has been president of Amperex Electronics Corp., a division of North American Philips Corp. ; itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands.', 'He has also chief executive officer of Ampesrex ElectronicsCorp.,a division of South American Philips Inc., which is itself a subsidiaries of N.V. Phillips of the Hague.'] )

Input: The former president and chief executive, Eric W. Markrud, resigned in June.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The former president,Eric W. Markrud, resigned in June.', 'The former chief executive, Eric W.Markrud, resigned inJune.'] )

Input: Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks and spending increases.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks.', 'Lawmakers dramatically streamlined the draft to blunt complaints that it were bloated with spending increases.'] )

Input: But Senate supporters of the trimmer legislation said that other bills would soon be moving through Congress that could carry some of the measures that had been cast aside, including a capital-gains tax cut.
Prediction: NONE

Input: House-Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek and last for a while.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['House-Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek.', 'House- Senate negotiations are unlikely to last for a while.'] )

Input: But, he added, I believe Republicans and Democrats will work together to get capital-gains reform this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But, he added, I believe Republicans will work together to get capital-gains reform this year.', 'But, we added, he believe Democrats will work Together to get Capital-gain reform this season.'] )

Input: The Senate's decision was a setback for President Bush and will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The Senate's decision was a setback for President Bush.", "The Senate "s decision will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year."] )

Input: And a senior aide to the House Ways and Means Committee, where tax legislation originates, said there aren't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["And a senior aide to the House Ways Committee, where tax legislation originates, said there aren't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year.", "And a Senior aide tothe House Means Committee, when tax legislation originatedates, called there are N't any efforts to produce an tax bill which could carry up gains tax limit this year..."] )

Input: One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut, and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill, is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut, is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit.', 'One obvious places to attach perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill, isthe legislation to raising the federal borrow limit.'] )

Input: Although I am encouraged by the Senate action, said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D., Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways and Means Committee, it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Although I am encouraged by the Senate action, said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D., Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways Committee, it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate.', 'Although I is encouraged by what Senate action, said ChairmanDan Rostenk -L RB- D., Ill." -RR B- of a House Means Committee, he is uncertain if a cleanbill can be accomplished in the impending conference withthe Senate.'] )

Input: But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor, so they went ahead with the streamlined bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle, so they went ahead with the streamlined bill.', 'But Republicans senators sawno way to garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor, sothey went aheadwith the streamlined draft.'] )

Input: These include a child-care initiative and extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing and research-and-development expenditures.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['These include a child-care initiative.', 'These include extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing and research-and-development expenditures.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['There include a Child-care Initiative.', "These include Extensions of soon.-to-Expire taxbreaks for low low- income housing.", 'These including extensions of early-to'-expiretax breaks for research-ands-development expenditure.'] ))

Input: One high-profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['One high-profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts.', 'One high -profile provision which was cut out because it lost money was the proposals by Chairman Charles Bentszen -L RB- D., Texas US -RR B- of a Senate Finance committee to expand a deduction for Individual retirement accounts.'] )

Input: Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties, which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety Administration penalties, which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990.', 'Also stricken is a five fold increase in production of the maximum Health Administration penalties, which wouldve raised $ 60 million in total 1990.'] )

Input: Mr. Mitchell's relations with Budget Director Darman, who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure, have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Mitchell's relations with Budget Director Darman, who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure, have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill.", "Mr. Donovan'srelations with Budget director Darman, who pushedfor a capital'-gains cuts to be add to the question, have be strained since he chose to deal with other lawmakers earlier this week during a disputes over drug spending in the Fiscal 1989 supplemental Spending bill."] )

Input: The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990, and $ 26 billion over five years.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990.', 'The deficits reduction bill includes $ 26 billion over five years.'] )

Input: -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport taxes.', '-- Raise $ eight51 millionby suspending for another year an Automatic reduction in airway taxes.'] )

Input: -- Impose a tax on ozone-depleting chemicals, such as those used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam, beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['-- Impose a tax on ozone-depleting chemicals, such as those used in air conditioners, beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year.', '-- Imposes a tax in Styrofoam, then at $ one.10a pound startingnext year.'] )

Input: -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax, and impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures by commercial ships.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['-- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax.', '-- impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures by commercial ships.'] )

Input: The measure also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The measure also includes spending cuts.', 'The measures also includes increases in federal fees.'] )

Input: -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline-landing rights at New York's LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports, O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and National Airport in Washington.
Prediction: NONE

Input: -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators, ship stations and mobile radio facilities.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties.', '-- establishing new fees for amateur radio operators, ship stations and mobile radio facilities.'] COORDINATIONAL( [''- Raisingan additional $ 53 million by Increasing existing Federal Communication Commission fees.', "--Raising an extra $ 43 billion byincreasing existing federal Communications Commission penalties.", '--establish new feesfor amateur radio operator.', ['-- establishingnew fees for ship stations.', `-- establishing additional fees for mobile radio facility.'] ))

Input: I was laid off in August 1988, and after a thorough and exhausting job search, was hired in August 1989.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['I was laid off in August 1988.', 'I was hired in August 1989.'] )

Input: My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks in many companies.', 'My unemployment Insurance ranout before I find a job; I found layoffs in many Companies.'] )

Input: The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date, certainly as an average for the Northeast, and possibly for the rest of the country.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date, certainly as an average for the Northeast.', 'The statistics cited by the old Census Bureau Report -L RB- garner from 1984to 1986 -RBB-are out ofdate, possibly for the rest of the country.'] )

Input: I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you're getting laid off don't worry, and if you're unemployed, it's a seller's market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you're getting laid off don't worry, it's a seller's market.", "I think something bothered me more about the article was thatthere seemed to been an underlying mentality to tell YOUR readers all Is well --if you've unemployed, it "s a sellers's marketplace."] )

Input: Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life.', 'Looking for the job is for most people.'] )

Input: The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2.", 'The agency added it will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade.'] )

Input: The rating concern said Franklin's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade, citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary and the possible sale of other subsidiaries.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The rating concern said Franklin's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade, citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary.", "The rating interest said Franklin "s troubled diversity record inthe securities business, one reason by the downgrade, citing the possible sale of other subsidiaries."] )

Input: Or is this an extraordinary buying opportunity, just like Oct. 19, 1987, eventually turned out to be?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday's action, what happens next and what investors should do.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Here's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday's action.", "Here'm what several Leading market experts say about what happens next.", "-Here're what many leading market analysts say aboutWhat investors should do.", ["Here "s whatseveral leading money manager say about Wednesday's actions.", 'Here'sa what several leads money managers says about what happen next.', "Here "re what several lead money managers complain about what investors shoulddo."] )

Input: I'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre, all through late August and September, says Mr. Granville, once a widely followed market guru and still a well-known newsletter writer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre, all through late August, says Mr. Granville, once a widely followed market guru.", "I're the only person who said that would bean October massacre, all through mid August, is Mr. Grenville, still a well-known newsletter writer.", "-I's the only man who said it would be another October massacre -- all through September, saysMr. Graniola, oncea widely followed Market guru.". "I "m theonly one who says there wouldbe an October Massacre, all throughout September, isMr. Greniola, stilla well- known newsletter writer.")] )

Input: Well, in some ways it is different, but technically it is just the same.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Well, in some ways it is different.', 'Well, technically it is just the same.'] )

Input: Right now they're telling me to get the hell out and stay out.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Right now they're telling me to get the hell out.", "Right now we're asking me to stay out."] )

Input: This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 and 1979.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978.', 'This wasan October massacrelike those that happened in 1979.'] )

Input: So she thinks the damage will be short-lived and contained.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['So she thinks the damage will be short-lived.', 'So she think the damage won be contained.'] )

Input: Those corrections lasted one to four weeks and took the market 10%-12 % down, she says.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Those corrections lasted one to four weeks, she says.', 'Those corrections took the market 10 % -12 % down,she says.'] )

Input: She says that ratio could climb to 14.5, given current interest rates, and still be within the range of fair value.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['She says that ratio could climb to 14.5, given current interest rates.', 'She saysThat ratio could still be within the range of fair value.'] )

Input: But Mr. Davis, whose views are widely respected by money managers, says he expects no 1987-style crash.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We will probably have a year-end rally, and then go down again.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['We will probably have a year-end rally.', 'We will then go down again.'] )

Input: I don't think that's the case at all, says Mr. Cooperman, a partner at Goldman, Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I don't think that's the case at all, says Mr. Cooperman, a partner at Goldman, Sachs & Co..", "I do N't thinkthat's a case atall, saysMr. Coopperman, chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management."] )

Input: Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains, but he doesn't think there's any need to rush.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains.', "he doesn't think there's any need to rush."] )

Input: I expect the market to open weaker Monday, but then it should find some stability.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['I expect the market to open weaker Monday.', 'then it should find some stability.'] )

Input: He ticks off several major differences between now and two years ago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And unlike 1987, the economy doesn't appear to be in any danger of overheating.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the economy's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits isn't good, he says.
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios, I would not do any buying.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['If I had come into Friday on margin, I would not do any buying.', 'if I had came into Friday with very little cash in the portfolios, I will not do all buying.'] )

Input: But we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio, so I would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors and loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The explosion of junk bonds has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors.', 'The explosion on junk bonds and takeovers has loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity.', "The explosion in junk bonds or takeovers have lodged a lots of insecure Securities in the minds of investors.", 'The explosions of junk bond and takeover has loaded up the corporation that arethe objects of takeoverovers and feared Takeovers withhuge amounts of Debt rather than Equity.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['This explosion of Junk bonds has entrenched a lotof insecure securities into the hands with investors.", 'The Explosion of junk securities has loaded a lot with insecure securities on the hands for investors., 'This explosion on takeovers is loaded the Corporation that are a objects of seizeovers.', ['The explosions on takeover is loaded up large corporations that fear takeovers in huge amounts for debt Rather than equity.', 'In the explosion of food bonds has loaded on the corporations who are the object of takeover.', ', 'In The explosion of takeouts has loaded onto the corporations which are the Objects of takeakes.',�In the explosions of food products has loaded those corporations that were the objects that are fearedTakeovers with Huge amounts of debts rather than equ.'] ))

Input: This has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['This has both made investors uneasy.', 'This has either made the corporations more vulnerable.'] )

Input: It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community may try.', 'It takes less error nowto have a Major depression than forth in the thirties - much asthe government may try.'] )

Input: These sorts of takeovers don't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them, so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["These sorts of takeovers don't require junk bonds to finance them, so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue.", "These sortsof takeovers DOn't requiring big bank loans to finance they, soMr. Gabella figures they'll continue."] )

Input: He thinks another crash is unlikely, and says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday's plunge.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He thinks another crash is unlikely.', "He says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday's plunge."] )

Input: It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon, says Mr. Rogers, a professor of finance at Columbia University and former co-manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history, Quantum Fund.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon, says Mr. Rogers, a professor of finance at Columbia University.', 'It seem to methat this is just one of the most successful hedge funds in history, Quantum Fund.'] )

Input: Dealers would give you a quote, but then refuse to make the trade.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Dealers would give you a quote.', 'Dealers refuse to make the trade.'] )

Input: If the dollar stays weak, he says, that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['If the dollar stays weak, he says, that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S..', 'If the Dollar stays weak, he says, that will make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much.'] )

Input: Mr. Rogers won't decide what to do today until he sees how the London and Tokyo markets go.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. Rogers won't decide what to do today until he sees how the London markets go.", "Mr.Rog wo n 't decide whatto do today when he wakes how the Tokyo markets go?"] )

Input: He recommends that investors sell takeover-related stocks, but hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities, which often do well during periods of economic weakness.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He recommends that investors sell takeover-related stocks.', 'He recommends those investors hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities, which often do well during periods of economic weakness.'] )

Input: Stock prices would still have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks, says Mr. Terrizzi, president and managing director of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Renaissance, which manages about $ 1.8 billion, drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year and thus missed a strong rally.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Renaissance, which manages about $ 1.8 billion, drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year.', 'Rena Renaissance, which manage about $ 2.8 million, drew broad criticism frommany clients earlierthis year because It thus missed a strong rally.'] )

Input: Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos, chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing, alleging :
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos, chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment, alleging :', 'Regarding the oct. 3 letters to the edit from Rep.- Tom LANTos, president of the Senate Subcommittee on Housing, alleging ;'] )

Input: 1. That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate and deliberately misleading.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['1. That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate.', '1.That your Sept.- 28 editorial Keraroo Committees is deliberately misleading.'] )

Input: I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['I thought your editorial was factually accurate.', 'I thought YOUR editorial was deliberately elucidative.'] )

Input: As your editorial rightly pointed out, Samuel Pierce, former HUD secretary, and Lance Wilson, Mr. Pierce's former aide, are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['As your editorial rightly pointed out, Samuel Pierce, former HUD secretary, are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment.', "As YOUR editorial rightly point out, Lance Wilson, Mr. Pierce's former aide, areCurrently being heldup to scornfor taking the fifth Amendment."] )

Input: My colleagues and I fully realize we are not a court... etc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['My colleagues fully realize we are not a court... etc.', 'I fully realizewe are nota court -- etc.'] )

Input: By any reasonable man criterion, Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['By any reasonable man criterion, Mr. Lantos have a whole bunch of people tried.', 'By anyreasonable man criterion, Mr.Lantos has a whole lot of people convicted.', ', 'By every reasonable man criteria, his colleagues have a Whole bunch of men tried.'By any sensible man criterion - his colleagues has a Whole lot of men convicted.'] )

Input: But if his explanation of motivation is true, why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency?
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste?', 'Why not just questions designed for identify sources or causes of inefficiency?'] )

Input: Such as, what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats or whatever they supposedly cost?
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Such as, what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats?', 'Such as?'] )

Input: 4. That the Journal defends the sleaze, fraud, waste, embezzlement, influence-peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD, etc. and so forth.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['4. That the Journal defends the sleaze of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD, etc..', '4. The Journal defends so forth.'] )

Input: No, to my mind, the Journal did not defend sleaze, fraud, waste, embezzlement, influence-peddling and abuse of the public trust...
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['No, to my mind, the Journal did not defend sleaze...', 'No,to my mind ; the Journal went not defend fraud...', "No, To my mind : the Journal came not defend waste...", 'No.",'No, tomy mind,the Journal didNot defend embezzlement...', `No,To my mind -- the Journal does not defend influence-peddling...', '(No, on my mind - the Journal not defend abuse of the public trust...'] )

Input: it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards and practical common sense.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards.', 'it defended practical common sense.'] )

Input: The problem, which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles, is not the likes of Mr. Lantos, who after all is really a bit player on the stage, but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi-parliamentary\/judicial body.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The problem, which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles, is not the likes of Mr. Lantos, who after all is really a bit player on the stage,.', 'The Problem, whichthe Journal so wrongly pointed outin a numberof articles, the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi-parliamentary\\/judicial body.'] )

Input: But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and, yes, maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty than any incompetency -LRB- and, yes, maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate.', 'But I Think the kindof congressional investigationthat has been pursuing is a Far greater dangerto American notionsof freedom than any competency - LRB- AND, yes, maybe criminality "-RRB'- within HUDCould possibly generate?'] )

Input: Thus, in a criminal case, a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness, thus forcing him to take the Fifth.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Supreme Court and some states have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Supreme Court have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause.','some states have specifically recognition that the Fif Amendment doesNot preclude the implication where theilege is claimedby a partyto a civil Cause.'] )

Input: Thus, in a civil case, a defendant may be called as a witness, he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth, and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Thus, in a civil case, a defendant may be called as a witness.', 'Thus, on a civil cases, he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth.'] COORDINATIONS( ['So, in the civil case, a defendants may be calls as a witnesses.', "Thus, during a civil Case, his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the Civil matter.", 'Thus, in a Civil case, he is forced to testified.', ['Thus, on a Civil Case, he was forced to take the Sixth.'] ))

Input: He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution.', 'He may takes the Fifthin a civil matters only ifhe has a justifiable belief that its testimony may Subject him to Criminal prosecution.'] )

Input: Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one's testimony harms him in the civil matter, but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one's testimony harms him in the civil matter.", 'Allowing a defendant to taking the Fifthin a civil matters is not because the testimony in the Civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution.'] )

Input: The subcommittee, Congress and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Mr. Pierce's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The subcommittee have every right to draw the adverse inference.', "The subcommittee has every right not to concur with Mr. Pierce's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime.", 'Congress have everyright to draw a adverse inference (.', "Congress have all right to Concur withMr. Pierce "s own conviction that his testifying could help convicted him ofa crime.".', 'the American public have everyRight to drawthe adverse inference.", "the Americanpublic have every Right to concura with Mr.- Pierce'sin belief that its testimony could helped convict him for a crime..."] )

Input: It was Friday the 13th, and the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It was Friday the 13th.', 'the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points.'] )

Input: Or is triskaidekaphobia -- fear of the number 13 -- justified?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In academia, a so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up and shot down by different professors.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In academia, a so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up by different professors.', 'In academia : a so-'called Fridaythe 13th effects has been shot down by different instructors.'] )

Input: Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez, professors of finance at the University of Miami, found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Robert Kolb, professors of finance at the University of Miami, found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th.', 'Ricardo Rodriguez, professors with finance atthe University ofMiami, found Evidence that the economy is spooky by Fridaythe 13th %'] )

Input: But their study, which spanned the 1962-85 period, has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the date tends to be a plus, not a minus, for stocks, according to Yale Hirsch, a collector of stock market lore.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a similar vein, he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash and Saturday's full moon could have played a part, too, in Friday's market activity.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In a similar vein, he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash could have played a part, too, in Friday's market activity.", "In aSimilar vein, we adds that Saturday's full moon could have playing a part, too, on Friday 'S market activity "] )

Input: reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated, some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted, some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered.','reminisocent ofthose during the 1986 crash --that as trading activity escalated, some phones calls tomarket makers inover-the-'counter stocks gone unanswered.'] )

Input: Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not, Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect, Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York exchanges.', 'Whether unanswered telephone calls had all effect, NASdaq stocks sinking far lessthan those on those on both the American exchanges., 'Whether not, NasDAQ stocks sank Far less thanthose on the NY exchanges.' )

Input: Nonetheless, the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever, diving 14.90, or 3 %, to 467.29.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Nonetheless, the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year, diving 14.90, to 467.29.', 'Nonetheless, it suffered its bigger point declines of the years, diving 3 %, to 475.29.",'nonetheless, thedaq Composite index suffered its sixth worst ever, diving14.90, to 4 67.29.', 'Throughout, it lost its sixth Worst ever, diver 3 %, to 436.29 %'] )

Input: By comparison, the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday and the American Stock Exchange Composite fell 4 %.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['By comparison, the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday.', 'By comparison, the American Stock Exchange composite fell 4 %.'] )

Input: On Oct. 16, 1987, the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points, or 3.8 %, followed by its devastating 46.12-point, or 11 % slide, three days later.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['On Oct. 16, 1987, the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points, followed by its devastating 46.12-point slide, three days later.', 'On Oct.- 16, 1986, the NASdaq Composite fall 16. 18 points, trailed by its catastrophic 11 % slide, two days later.', 'In Oct.16, 1987, the NasDAQ Composite fell 3.8 %, followedby its devastating 47.12'-point slide, three days ago.', "On Oct.* 16, 1988, the Ndaq Composite falling 3,8 % ) followed byits devastating 11 % Slide, three Days later."] )

Input: Mr. King of Robinson-Humphrey and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls, rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mr. King of Robinson-Humphrey were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls, rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades.", "Mr.King of others were quickto add that we believe the issue stemmed more than traders'ability to handle volume of Calls, rather Than a deliberate attempts to avoid Making trades."] )

Input: The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market-making companies, which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who couldn't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq, which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who couldn't reach their brokers in the chaos of the crash.", "The subject comes a soreOne for NasDAQ, which are widely criticized 2 years ago after complaints from investor who couldn't trade in the Chaos of the Crash.". "The matter is a sour one for its market-making companies, which weren widely criticized twice years Ago following complaints by investors whocouldn't reached their brokers during the chaosof the crash", "The problem is a flat one for our market-maker companies, who were widely criticised two years Ago after complaints by investor whocouldn't move their trading in the chaotic of the collapse."] )

Input: There were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['There were too many phones ringing.', 'There are too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots.'] )

Input: But, he added, you can only take one call at a time.
Prediction: NONE

Input: When selling is so frenzied, prices fall steeply and fast.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['When selling is so frenzied, prices fall steeply.', 'When sell is so fast, prices Fall fast.'] )

Input: But, with profits sagging on Wall Street since the crash, companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories.', 'that was the big culprit.'] )

Input: Because Nasdaq's trading volume hasn't returned to pre-crash levels, traders and OTC market officials hope the damage won't be permanent.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Because Nasdaq's trading volume hasn't returned to pre-crash levels, traders hope the damage won't be permanent.", "Because NasDAQ's selling volume has l't returned from post-crashing levels, OTC market officials hope the destruction wo n 't be temporary."] )

Input: But they are worried.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big and small institutional investors, as well as individual investors and market makers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big institutional investors, as well as individual investors.', 'The seller on Friday coming from all corner of the UTC market, big institutional investor, as far as market makers.', ', 'The sellerson Friday camefrom all corners in the Otc market -- small institutional investors -- as wellas individual investors.", 'The selling on Friday come from all circles of the ETC market - small institutional Investors, as wel as market maker.'] )

Input: But grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares to 50,000 shares, compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shearson's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to bargain-hunt.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Shearson's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday.", "Shearson "s Mr.-DaPuzzO said retailinvestors never returned to bargain-hunt."] )

Input: We had a good amount of selling from institutions, but not as much panic, Mr. DaPuzzo said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['We had a good amount of selling from institutions, Mr. DaPuzzo said.', 'We had not as much panic,Mr. Da Puzzo, said.'] )

Input: In addition, Mr. DaPuzzo said computer-guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 2000 small stocks and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock Index sent occasional waves through the market.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues, including the big OTC technology issues, tumbled 4.2 %, or 19.76, to 449.33.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues, including the big OTC technology issues, tumbled 4.2 %, to 449.33.', 'The NasDAQ 100 Indexof the largest Nonfinancial issues, including the Big OTC Technology issues, lost 19.76, to449.32.'] )

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 %, or 9.31, to 462.98.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 %, to 462.98.', 'The NasDAQ Financial Index for giant insurance stocks dropped 9.31, to 47562.96.', ['Thedaq FinancialIndex of giant banking stocks lost 2 % ) to 4 62.98 %,.'] )

Input: But they fell sharply.
Prediction: NONE

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications, for instance, has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia's New York City cellular telephone interests, and in a separate transaction, sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["McCaw Cellular Communications, for instance, has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia's New York City cellular telephone interests.", 'McCaw Communication, for example, has in a separate transaction, sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular.'] )

Input: McCaw lost 8 %, or 3 1\/2, to 40.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['McCaw lost 8 %, to 40.', 'McCaw 3 1\\/2, to 41.'] )

Input: LIN Broadcasting, dropped 5 1\/2, or 5 %, to 107 1\/2.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['LIN Broadcasting, dropped 5 1\\/2, to 107 1\\-2.', 'LIN Broadcasting, dropped 5 %, to 106 1\\ -2.'] )

Input: Among other OTC issues, Intel, dropped 2 1\/8 to 33 7\/8 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1\/8 to 19 1\/2 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 1\/4 to 10 1\/4 ; MCI Communications slipped 2 1\/4 to 43 1\/2 ; Apple Computer fell 3 to 45 3\/4 and Nike dropped 2 1\/4 to 66 3\/4.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but don't always represent actual transactions.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The key U.S. annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels.', "The key United annual interestrates below don't always represent actual transactions."] )

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s, usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pension funds, insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday's market rout.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Pension funds of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday's market rout.", "exchange( ["life insurers of the investment world said we began scooped up stocks in Friday "other behemoths ofthe investing world, said they ended scoopingup stocks during Wednesday's stock rout."] )

Input: And they plan to buy more today.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rightly or wrongly, many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Rightly, many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off.', 'Wrever, many Giant institutional investors appears to be fought the latest War by applying what lesson they learnt in the Oct 1987 crash ; Buying on the bottom wins off.'] )

Input: They could still panic and bail out of the market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['They could still panic.', 'They could also bail out of the market.'] )

Input: But their 1987 performance indicates that they won't abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last time, we got rewarded for going out and buying stocks when the panic was the worst, said John W. Rogers, president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc., which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Last time, we got rewarded for going out when the panic was the worst, said John W. Rogers, president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc., which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks.', 'Last time, we got lucky for buying stocks when the Panic was the Worst, saidJohn W.Rog, president from Chicago-listed Ariel Capital management Inc. ) which manages about $ 1 billion of shares.'] )

Input: I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- and I 'll be buying again because I know we're getting good value, said Frederick A. Moran, president of Moran Asset Management Inc., Greenwich, Conn.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB-, said Frederick A. Moran, president of Moran Asset Management Inc., Greenwich, Conn.', "I 'll be buying again because I know we're getting good value."] )

Input: Unlike mutual funds, which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money, big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Unlike mutual funds, which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money, big investors such as pension funds can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock.', 'Unlike mutual products, which is forced to selling stockholdINGS when investors rushes to withdrawmoney, big investor such as insurance companies can decideto ride outmarket storms without mettisoned stock.'] )

Input: The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long-term holders, and that they can't react to short-term events, good or bad, said Stephen L. Nesbitt, senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica, Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long-term holders, said Stephen L. Nesbitt, senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica, Calif.', "The last Crash taught institutionalinvestors that they can't react to short-term events, good or bad, saidStephen L. nesbITT, senior Vice president forthe pension consultantsWilshire Associates on Santa Monica, Calif."] COORDINATIONAL( ["The lastCrash taught institutional Investors that they has to be short-year holders, according Stephen L.- Nesbaumitt, former vice president at the pension consultant Wilshire Solutions in Santa Santa Monica- Calif.", "The next crash taughtitutional investors that we ca n 't react to long-time events,good, said Steven L.Nesb Kitt, senior deputy president for both pension consultants Wshire Associates for Santa Monica in Calif.". "The current crash taught industry investors thatthey ca n' react to shorter-term event, bad, described Stephen L.) ))

Input: You could go down 400 points and still have a good year in the market, said James D. Awad, president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['You could go down 400 points, said James D. Awad, president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp.', 'You could still have a good year in the market, saidJames D.Awad, chairman of New YORK-based obesity Capital Corp.'] )

Input: Mr. Awad, however, worries that the market could go down 800 or 900 points in the next few days.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Awad, however, worries that the market could go down 800 points in the next few days.', 'Mr.Awad, therefore, worriesThat the market may go down 900 points inthe next few Days.'] )

Input: He said he discerns many parallels with 1987, including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re-emergence of computerized program trading.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He said he discerns many parallels with 1987, including the emphasis on takeover stocks.', 'He said we discernsmany parallels with1987, includingthe re-emergence of computerized program trading.'] )

Input: Not really insurance, this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Not really insurance, this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices by selling waves of S & P futures contracts.', 'Not really Insurance, this technique was designed by generating an offsetting profit by selling Waves of S& P futures contract.'] )

Input: In its severest test, the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash didn't work, as stock buyers disappeared and stock and futures prices became disconnected.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In its severest test, the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash didn't work, as stock buyers disappeared.", "In its ceveresttest, the U 60 billion in portfolio insurancein effect in Japan crash did N't work, as stock and futures prices became disconnected."] COORDINATIONAL( [" in its sevetrest test, the $ 30 billion of collateral insurance in Effect in the 1986 crash didn't work -- as stock buyer disappeared.". "Inits seveast test, that $ 60 million of portfolio Insurance in effectin the 1987 Crash did n 't work, with stock prices becoming disconnected.", "-In its seamverest tests, the Nov 60 billion for portfolio insurance on effect inthe 1987 crash endedn't working, as futures prices becoming disconnect."] ))

Input: We're not making a killing, but we had a good day.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["We're not making a killing.", 'we had a good day.'] )

Input: Food and Drug Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney's office in Baltimore.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Food Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney's office in Baltimore.", "Drug Administration spokesmanJeff NesBit said the Agency has turnedover evidence ina criminal investigation surrounding VitarINE Pharmaceuticals Corp. tothe U.s. Attorney "s office on Baltimore."] )

Input: Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens, N.Y., company's officials or employees have been charged with any crimes.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens, N.Y., company's officials have been charged with any crimes.", 'None VitarINE nor any employees have been accused with any crime.'] )

Input: Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine.', 'vitarine acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests.'] )

Input: But so far the company hasn't complied with that request, the spokesman said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bolar, the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General's office of the Health and Human Services Department, only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers, mostly wholesalers, Mr. Nesbit said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bolar, the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA, only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers, mostly wholesalers, Mr. Nesbit said.', "bolar, in a criminal Investigation by the Inspector General's office of the Health and Human Services Department, only agree to recalltwo strengths ofits version of MACrodantIN as far as indirect customers, Mostly wholesalerers, Mr.- NesBit said."] COORDINATIONAL( ["Bolar.', 'Bolar.", "the probe by the Food, only agreement to recallTwo strengths of his version of macrodantins as far Down as direct consumers, mostly wholesalealers, Mr. nesbit, Mr- Nesbits said.", 'the probe of the Inspector Gen's Office of the Food Department, Only agreed to Recall two strengths from its version for MacrodANTin as Far down as indirect consumers, Mostly wholesalealerers, Mr.-Nesbit described.", "the investigation of the inspector general's offices of the Human Services department, only conceded to recall three strengths of itself version ofMacrodantín as far up as direct shoppers, mostly distributors, Mr. NesBIT said.".] ))

Input: Bolar, of Copiague, N.Y., earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bolar, of Copiague, N.Y., earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram versions of the drug.', 'Bolar ) of Copisague, Calif., later began a voluntarily recall ofBoth its 50 milligrame versions ofthe drug.'] )

Input: The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management-controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management-controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders.', 'The eventual school decision could becoming a landmarkin Dutch corporate Law because the suit ASKO hopes to file will be the same to challengethe entire practice of companies awarding voting preferred chips to management -controlled truststo dilute Voting power of general stockholders.'] )

Input: ASKO says the Dutch-based international food retailer hadn't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["ASKO says the Dutch-based international food retailer hadn't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust.", "ASKO argues that the Netherlands-based International food retailer lostn't substantial grounds to thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders."] COORDINATIONAL( [" ASKO says that the Dutch.-based international Food retailer hadn't reasonable basis to issue Preferred stock toa friendly trust...", "AsKO says what the Dutch -based internationalfood retailer lost out on the worth power of AsKO.", "-ASKO alleges the Dutch-'s international food company lost out over the value power of other shareholders.', "AS KO says theDutch-basedinternational food retailer endedn't sufficient grounds to thereby diluting the voting powerof ASKO.". "ASko says the Netherlands-'s International Food retailer ended N't reasonable Grounds to thus diluted the voting Power of other shareholder."] ))

Input: A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position and the propriety of the preferred-share issue.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position of the preferred-share issue.', 'A spokesmanFor Ahold declined to comment on the propriety of the Preferred-share issues.'] )

Input: Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican, but on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush's economic policy-making.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican.', "on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush's economic policy-making."] COORDINation( ["on Fridaymorning he had fewer kind wordsfor President Bush "Chasehattan Bank Chairman willard Butcher.", 'Chase Morgan Bank Chairman Isa conservative banker.', 'Chasing Manhattan Bank chairman Isa Republican.'] ))

Input: I 'd like to see that initiative, and I haven't.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I 'd like to see that initiative.", "I haven't."] )

Input: But Mr. Butcher's comments make one thing clear : Some on Wall Street wonder if anyone is in charge of economic policy.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cuts are necessary because Congress and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The cuts are necessary because Congress have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill.', 'The cuts have necessary because the administration have failedto reach agreement over a deficit -cutting bill.'] )

Input: We simply don't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices, House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D., Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News's Meet the Press.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["We simply don't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit, House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D., Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News's Meet the Press.", "We simply doesn't having strong leadershipto try to make tough choices, House budget Committee Chairman Leo Panetta --LRB'- D.. - RRB- made yesterday onNBC News "s Meetthe Press."] )

Input: -- For the last two weeks, the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['-- For the last two weeks, the Bush administration have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy.', '-- Forthe last two years, the Federal Reserve have been engaging in a Semi-public Battle over international Economic policy.'] )

Input: One of the things that continues to worry me is this monetary warfare between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve Board, said Lawrence Kudlow, a Bear, Stearns & Co. economist, on ABC's This Week.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury and the White House over that decision.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury over that decision.', 'But he have since run in opposition from both the White House overthat decision.'] )

Input: And he has kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines, which includes a big stake by British Airways PLC.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then, as now, the budget debate was behind schedule and automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Then, as now, the budget debate was behind schedule.', 'Then,as now, automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold.'] )

Input: And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous.', 'And concern over official actions targeted at takeover -- thenby the tax-'writing House Means Committee rather rather thanthe Transportation Department - were making Markets nervous.'] )

Input: The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration and Democratic lawmakers to the table for the first budget summit, resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration to the table for the first budget summit, resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period.', 'The 1987 Crash brought Democratic lawmakers to the plate for the whole budget summit, resulting ina two- year plan to reduced the deficitby more than$ 76 billion - eventhough the deficit actual rose byNearly $ 12 million during that time.'] )

Input: But, barring further drops in the market this week, a similar outcome doesn't seem likely this year.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lawmakers and administration officials agree that Friday's drop, by itself, isn't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit-reduction agreement that would be more serious and more far-reaching than last spring's gimmick-ridden plan, which still isn't fully implemented.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Lawmakers agree that Friday's drop, by itself, isn't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit-reduction agreement that would be more serious than last spring's gimmick-ridden plan, which still is n'fully implemented.", "Lawmakers argue that Friday "s dropped, by themselves, is N't enoughto force both side back tothe table to trying to reaching a deficit -reduction agreements that would more far-reaching than last week's gimm-ridden proposal, which currently is n' fully implemented...", "administration officials agree that Wednesday's dropped.'] )

Input: One of the biggest reasons that new talks aren't likely to come about is that, as everyone learned in 1987, the economy and the market can survive a one-day 508-point tumble.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["One of the biggest reasons that new talks aren't likely to come about is that, as everyone learned in 1987, the economy can survive a one-day 508-point tumble.", "One ofthe biggest reasonsthat new talks arenn'tlikely to comeabout is that, as everyone learns in 1987 ) the market can survivea one-Day 508'-point tumble "One among the biggest reason that new discussions are n'likely tocome about isthat, as someone learned in 1986, the Economy can survive an one- day 508-'point tumble.", "One against the biggest factors that new negotiations are n' likely to Come about is That, as anyone learned in 1988, the marketcan survive a day 50 8-point decline."] )

Input: But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta, who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta, who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president to take a much harder look at fiscal policy.', 'But administrationofficials privately agreewith Mr.Panetta, who said that precipitous dropped this weekis going to forcing Congress to takea much harder Look at fiscal Policy.'] )

Input: There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit and that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut, said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB-.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit, said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB-.', 'there should be -- that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut, saidSenate Finance Committee chairman Lloyd Binsen - LRB- DS., Kansas -RR B-.'] )

Input: Nevertheless, it clearly will take more than Friday's 190-point decline to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and White House Budget Director Richard Darman over the capital-gains fight.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April's budget accord and his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April's budget accord.", 'Hill Democrats have particularly angry on his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation.'] )

Input: There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply didn't live up to this year's deal, Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D., Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News's Face the Nation.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise next year because the administration simply didn't live up to this year's deal, Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D., Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News's Face the Nation.", "There isno prospect ofany so- called grand deal next year that the administration just did n ''t liveup to this week's deals, Senate Minority Leader George Mitch -LDB- D., Maine's FACE the Nation "] )

Input: During last week's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill and the capital-gains issue, there were signs that Senate Republicans and the administration were at odds.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["During last week's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill and the capital-gains issue, there were signs that Senate Republicans were at odds.", "During last Monday's maneuversings on government-cutting legislation and the Capital-gain issue,there were signsthat the administration were at Odd."] )

Input: Friday's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit-reduction measure, a process that isn't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Friday's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House versions of the deficit-reduction measure, a process that isn't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest.", "Friday'sipper tumble could lead action on reconcileing the Senate versions ofthe deficit-ringuction measure, a processthat is n 'ti."] )

Input: Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate, which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate, which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit.', 'Senate Republicans express the fear that the Senate would followthe lead of a Senate, who on Friday agree to dropa variety of tax breaksthat would haveIncreased the fiscal1990 deficit.'] )

Input: The market needs a strong signal that we're serious about deficit reduction, and the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions, Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R., N.H. -RRB-. said yesterday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The market needs a strong signal that we're serious about deficit reduction, Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R., N.H. -RRB-. said yesterday.", 'the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions, Sen.- Warren Rudmann -LDB- R.- R. ) N. Hampshire. - RRB-, said yesterday.'] )

Input: The White House Office of Management and Budget, whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met, estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion, almost half of the Congressional Budget Office's estimate of $ 11.0 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The White House Office of Management, whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met, estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion, almost half of the Congressional Budget Office's estimate of $ 11.0 billion.", "The WhiteHouse Office of Budget, whose measurements determine whetherthe Gramm.-Rudmann targets are meet, estimatedthat the House'-passed deficits-reductions measure would reduce the fiscal1990 shortfall by more 6.3 billion, nearly half of what Congressional Budget office's estimates of $ 4.0 million."] )

Input: Rep. Panetta said that OMB's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts, but added : We're getting very close to the margins here.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Rep. Panetta said that OMB's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts.", "Rep.Panetta added : We're getting very close to the margins here."] )

Input: But some players were quick to seize the moment.
Prediction: NONE

Input: There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut, Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance, but I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut.', 'I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others.'] )

Input: The following U.S. Treasury, corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week, according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The following U.S. Treasury offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week, according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :', 'The following United.S.-based corporate offerings are Tentatively scheduled to sale this Week, according from Dow Jones capital Markets Report:', 'This following U.-S. municipal offerings are tentsatively scheduled by sale thisweek, accordingto DowJones Capital Markets report :'] )

Input: $ 15.2 billion of three-month and six-month bills.
Prediction: COORDINATION( [' $ 15.2 billion of three-month bills.', '$ 15. 2 billion of six-month bill.'] )

Input: $ 68,230,000 of various bonds, including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds, Series 1989A, and $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds, Series 1989B, via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['$ 68,230,000 of various bonds, including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds, Series 1989A, via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group.','$ 68,228,000of various bonds, including $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds.'] )

Input: University of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey --
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['University of Medicine of New Jersey --', 'University of Dentistry of New York --'] )

Input: West Virginia Parkways, Economic Development And Tourism Authority --
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['West Virginia Parkways -', 'Economic Development --', 'Tourism Authority --'] )

Input: $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds, via a First Boston group.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['$ 640 million of gas revenue refunding bonds, via a First Boston group.', '$ 640 billion of electric revenue refunded bonds,via a FirstBoston group.'] )

Input: Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend, but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend.','most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market.'] COORDINATIONS( ['small investors matchedtheir big institutional counterparts in anxiety ove the weekend?','most seemed to been taking a philosophy approach.', "most said they are resigned to ride out the current storm inthe stock market."] ))

Input: But he's not so sure about everyone else.
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell, predicted Mr. Sullivan, whose investments include AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit and several mutual funds.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic, predicted Mr. Sullivan, whose investments include AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit.", "I thinkon Monday thesmall -LDB- investors-RRB‑ are going on panic, predicts Mr.Sullivan, whose contributions include several mutual funds.", 'I think in Monday the simple -LQB- investors "-RRB-, are goingto sell, predictedMr. Sullivan, whose investments including AMR Inc. 'S American Airlines units.', 'I thinks on Mondaythe small - LRB- Investors -RRb- are Going to sell, predictsMr.Sullivan, whose contributions including several mutual Funds.'] )

Input: And I think institutions are going to come in and buy...
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['And I think institutions are going to come in...', 'And I mean institutions areGoing to buy...'] )

Input: Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash, but no one got discouraged, and we gained that back -- and more.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash.", 'Mrs.Crump said no one got discouraged, and we gained that back -- and more.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["Mr. Crumper said herAshwood Investment Group's portfolios lost about 1-thirdof its value after the BlackMonday crash.". 'Mrs.- Crump added that no one gets discouraged,.', 'Mrs- Crump also said we gainedThat back --.', "Mrs. crump said we lost that back.", "Mrs.-Crump added more."] ))

Input: But Robert Showalter, an official of the association, said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors'clubs are planned.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["But Robert Showalter, an official of the association, said no special bulletins of the investors'clubs are planned.", "But Robert showalter,an official ofthe association, declined to say emergency meetings of the Investors'clubs were planned."] )

Input: Not everyone is reacting so calmly, however, and many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday's slide, reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Not everyone is reacting so calmly.', "many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday's slide, reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines."] )

Input: Sara Albert, a 34-year-old Dallas law student, says she's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Sara Albert, a 34-year-old Dallas law student, says she's generally skittish about the stock market.", "SaraAlbert, a 44-year -old Dallas Law student, describes she'm generally skITTish aboutthe takeover activity that seems to fuel it."] )

Input: I have this feeling that it's built on sand, she says, that the market rises but there's no foundation to it.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I have this feeling that it's built on sand, she says, that the market rises.", "there's no foundation to it."] )

Input: She and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash, although she still owns some Texaco stock.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['She pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash, although she still owns some Texaco stock.', 'her husband pulled mostof their investments up of themarket after the 1986 crash,Although she still holds some Texac stock.'] )

Input: Partly because of concern about the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school, I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Partly because of concern about the economy, I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid.', 'partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school, I thinks at this stage we wantto be a whole more liquid :'] )

Input: Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash and, to his regret, never went back even as the market soared.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash.', 'Mr. Greene never went back even as the market soared.'] )

Input: Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday, but mostly through mutual funds.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago, says Leslie Quick Jr., chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat like they were two years ago, says Leslie Quick Jr., chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm.', 'Discount discount customers have often been in a market not whole hog like they are two years Ago, says Les Quick Jr.-, chairmanof the Quick \\ discount brokerage firms.'] )

Input: But it's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alan Helfman, general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston, said he and his mother have some joint stock investments, but the overall economy is his chief worry.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Alan Helfman, general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston, said he and his mother have some joint stock investments.', 'Alan Helfer, general selling managers of a Chevrolet dealership inHouston, said the overall economy is his chief worry.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Alan Helfman, general sales managers ofa Chrysler dealership on Houston, says the overall economic is his main worry.', ['AlanHelfman,general sales manager from a Chrysler dealer in Houston, said he have some joints stock investments?','Alan Helfer, general selling manager ofa Chevrolet dealership onHouston, called his mother has some joint Stock investments.'] ))

Input: And I can tell you that a high roller isn't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["And I can tell you that a high roller isn't going to come in tomorrow.", "And Ican tell you what a high Roller is n 't going to buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati."] )

Input: And, finally, there were the gloaters.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everything, said Pascal Antori, an Akron, Ohio, plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Everything.', "Everything, said Pascal Antori, an Akron, Ohio, plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago.", "Everything."] )

Input: Compaq Computer Corp.'s long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market, especially Zenith Electronics Corp., the current market leader, and on a swarm of promising start-ups.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Compaq Computer Corp.'s long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market, especially Zenith Electronics Corp., the current market leader,.", "Compaq computer Corp. "s long long-anticipated entry today in the notebook Field is expected on a swarm of promising start-ups."] )

Input: One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard-sized computer called a notepad, and two others have introduced even smaller palmtops.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard-sized computer called a notepad.', 'two others have introduced even smaller palmtops.'] )

Input: But those machines are still considered novelties, with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But those machines are still considered novelties, with keyboards only a munchkin could love.', 'But those Machines are still consider novelties, with screens to match.'] )

Input: Analysts say they're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Analysts say they're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market.", "they're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000."] COORDINATIONS( ["they "re priced aggressive at $ two,400to $ 5,000.", 'Analysts says they've faster on the markets.', 'Analycers say they carry more memories than anything other of their sizes on themarket.'] ))

Input: All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds.', 'All of these comes in in a Machine that fits comfortably into most briefcases.'] )

Input: In recent months, Compaq's competition, including Zenith, Toshiba Corp., Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["In recent months, Compaq's competition, including Zenith all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly.", "In recent times, Compiq's Competition, including Toshiba Corp. all have introduce portablesthat weigh approximatelythe same andthat are called notebook -- perhaps confuseingly."] )

Input: Instead of a keyboard, it features a writing surface, an electronic pen and the ability to read block printing.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Instead of a keyboard, it features a writing surface.', 'Instead of an electronic pen.'] )

Input: At 4 1\/2 pounds, it may be too ambitiously named, but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At 4 1\\/2 pounds, it may be too ambitiously named.', 'it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth.'] )

Input: Atari Corp.'s Portfolio, introduced in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September, weighs less than a pound, costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries, yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Atari Corp.'s Portfolio, introduced in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September, weighs less than a pound, yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs.", "AtARI Corp. "In Europe two month ago, costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries, yet does the powerto run some spreadssheets and words processing programs...", "In contrast, in the country. in late September, weights less than one pound, but has the ability to run more spreadsheets.", "-In contrast, in Japan in early Sept, weighs about a pound, yet hasthe power to runs some word processing operations.", ["AtARICorp. 'S Portfolio, in the United.S.- in early July, costs less than $ 400, yet have the power for run some Spreadsheets." and "AtariCorp. "in the U.-S.in early September, costs a simple $ 400 but runs on two AA batteries, yet doesthe power for running some word Processing programs.". "And in contrast, on contrast, with contrast, between the two countries in early August, runs onthree AA batteries and yet has a power to Run some spread sheets.", "(And in contradiction, with ambiguity, with regard, with respect, to contrast, among the two states in early June, runson three AA battery, yet makes the power of run some wordprocessing programs."] )

Input: Poquet Computer Corp., meanwhile, has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1-2-3 and other sophisticated software programs, but costs five times as much.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Poquet Computer Corp., meanwhile, has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1-2-3 and other sophisticated software programs.', 'Poquet Information Corp. ) meanwhile, costs five times as much.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Poquet Computer Inc., meantime, costs three times as Much.', "Poquet Software Corp..'] ))

Input: Whether it's $ 5 billion or $ 3.5 billion, it doesn't matter.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Whether it's $ 5 billion, it doesn't matter.", "Whether it "s $ 3.5 billion, he does n'matter."] )

Input: Size and weight considerations also have limited screen displays.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Size considerations also have limited screen displays.', 'weight considerations also has limited screen display.'] )

Input: Toward that end, experts say the real battle will take place between center-stage players like Toshiba, Zenith and now Compaq.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Compaq's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc., which introduced in June a computer that, like Compaq's, uses an Intel 286 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Compaq's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc., which introduced in June a computer that, like Compaq 'S, uses an Intel 286 microprocessor.", "Compaq "s new Machines are considereda direct threatto start-UP firms like dynabook Corp., who introduced inJune a computer which, likeCompaq's, has a hard disk drive."] )

Input: But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq's.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq's.', "But it comes up with twice asHeavy.", "But that comes up against Compaq "s."] )

Input: Compaq's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith, which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market but recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie. des Machines Bull, the French government-owned computer maker.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Compaq's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith, which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market.", "Compaq says it recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie. des Machines Bull, the French government-owned computer maker."] )

Input: Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale, a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith's share and sales.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale, a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith's share.", "Zenith holder will vote on December on a proposed $ six35 million sales, a Price that could Slip because it are pegged to its sales."] )

Input: Rod Canion, Compaq's president and chief executive officer, notes pointedly that Zenith's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk, whereas Compaq's new machines use the more common 3 1\/2-inch disk.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Rod Canion, Compaq's president, notes pointedly that Zenith's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk, whereas Compaq today's new machines use the more common 3 1\\/2-inch disk.", "Rod CanION, Compiq's chief executive officer, notes pointly thatZenith 'S $ 2,000 MinisaPort usesan unconventional two,inch floppy disks, whereas compaq'sa new machinesuse the morecommon 3 1 \\/2'-inch disk..."] )

Input: I can't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who won't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq and a stopper for everyone else, says Gene Talsky, president of Professional Marketing Management Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I can't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who won't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq, says Gene Talsky, president of Professional Marketing Management Inc.", "I ca N't imaginethat you 'LL talk to someone who wo N't tell him this is a stopper for everyone else, saysGene Talskaya, president with Professional Marketing management Inc."] )

Input: Compaq's machines include the 3 1\/2-inch floppy disk drive, a backlit screen that is only 1\/4-inch thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words, almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Compaq's machines include the 3 1\\/2-inch floppy disk drive -- in other words, almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine.", "Compaq "s machines including a backlit screen that is only 1\\-4-inch thick -- in order words, nearly all the limitations of a Typical office machine "Compiq's Machines include an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in every words,almost all the capability of aTyp office machine..."] )

Input: Others undoubtedly will follow, but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Others undoubtedly will follow.','most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition.'] )

Input: Toshiba's line of portables, for example, features the T-1000, which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory, and the T-1600, which also uses a 286 microprocessor, but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Toshiba's line of portables, for example, features the T-1000, which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory,.", "Tosheet's Line of portsables,for example, includes the T -1600, which also uses a 286 microprocessor, but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size."] COORDINATIONAL( ["Soshiba "s lineof portables, for example, features the C-1000.', "TOShiba 'S line of portsable, for such, features a T-2000, who is in a same weightclass, but is very slower,.". "Toeshiba ''s line of Portables,For example, also features the M-1600, who also usesa 286 microchip, but it weighs almost as much.", ["TOSheet 'S Line of portable,for such, includes that T-1600, which also is three days the size,"] ))

Input: A third model, marketed in Japan, may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990, but by then, analysts say, Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A third model, marketed in Japan, may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990.', 'by then, analysts say, Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players.'] )

Input: International Business Machines Corp., analysts say, has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market and shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['International Business Machines Corp., analysts say, has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market.','International Business MachinesCorp., executives say, shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon.'] )

Input: Honeywell Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Honeywell Inc. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space.', 'International Business Machines Corp. received air Force contractsto develop integrated circuit for usein space.'] )

Input: Honeywell's contract totaled $ 69.7 million, and IBM's $ 68.8 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Honeywell's contract totaled $ 69.7 million.", "IBM's $ 68.8 million."] )

Input: The index, which registered 156.8 at the end of September, has a base of 100 set in 1983 and isn't seasonally adjusted.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The index, which registered 156.8 at the end of September, has a base of 100 set in 1983.', "The index ) isn't seasonally adjusted."] )

Input: Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year, outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second, revised goal of 5.8 %.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year, outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez.', 'Prices has risen 5,9 %in the first 9 months ofthe year, upstripping either the second, revised goal of 5.8 %.'] )

Input: Japan's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier and were up 0.4 % from the previous month, the Bank of Japan announced Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Japan's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier, the Bank of Japan announced Friday.", "Japan 'S wholesale prices for September were up 0.4 % from the previous month, theBank of Japan announcement Friday."] )

Input: And among the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Edison Co. and Niagara Mohawk Power Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co., Westinghouse Electric Corp., Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp., the big insurer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co., the big insurer.', 'Other major Issues hitting highs include Westinghouse Electric Corp., Exxon Corp..', ', 'Other big issues hitting lows included Cigna Corp. -- the big insurers.'] )

Input: Other new lows included Navistar International Corp., Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp., all of which are included in the industrial average.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Other new highs included Navistar International Corp., all of which are included in the industrial average.', 'Other new lows included Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp..'] )

Input: Shares of Rally's Inc., an operator of fast-food restaurants, closed at $ 17 each, up from its $ 15 offering price and shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc., a health-care consultant, closed at $ 14.125, up from its $ 12 offering price.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Shares of Rally's Inc., an operator of fast-food restaurants, closed at $ 17 each, up from its $ 15 offering price.", 'Shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc.., a health-care consultant,closed at $ 14.125, upfrom its $ 12 offering price.'] )

Input: Jaguar, the London Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions, the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Jaguar are being notified of the transactions, the company said.', 'the London Stock Exchange are being informed of the transaction, the firm said., 'the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notify of the decisions, the man said.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Maguarre being notified in the transactions, the company announced.', "the London Securities Commission are been notified of what transactions,the company said.", 'others Commission are be notified of those transactions, a company said.', 'publicly traded products are being notification of the deals, the companies said.] ))

Input: That's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["That's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares to enhance the collateral backing their loans.", "That "s becausetheir brokers can rely them to put up more cash to enhancethe collateral backingtheir loans."] )

Input: But some big brokerage firms said they don't expect major problems as a result of margin calls.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual, but reasonable, a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual, a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said.', 'Margins calls since Saturday have been reasonable, a spokeswoman for Youarson Lehmann Hutton, said.'] )

Input: The Garden City, N.Y., car-rental company said it won't renew contracts with NWA Inc.'s Northwest Airlines unit, Pan Am Corp.'s Pan American World Airways unit and Midway Airlines at the end of this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The Garden City, N.Y., car-rental company said it won't renew contracts with NWA Inc.'s Northwest Airlines unit at the end of this year.", "The Garden city, N,Y. ) car-veal company announced it wo N't renew agreements with Pan Am Corp. 'S Pan American World Airways unit at a end ofthis year.". "The garden City, n.Y.:, car'-rental firm said itwon't renewed contracts with Midway Airlines at the beginning of this week."] )

Input: But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit and Delta Air Lines.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit.", 'But it stays involved in program with Delta Air Lines.'] )

Input: Industry estimates put Avis's annual cost of all five programs at between $ 8 million and $ 14 million.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for Avis wouldn't specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A spokesman for Avis wouldn't specify the costs.", 'A spokesman at Avis said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total.'] )

Input: Budget Rent a Car Corp., of Chicago, and National Car Rental Systems Inc., of Minneapolis, both said they had no plans to follow suit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Budget Rent a Car Corp., of Chicago, both said they had no plans to follow suit.', 'NONE

Input: In fact, Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs, in which renters earn frequent-flier miles and fliers can get car-rental discounts.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In fact, Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs, in which renters earn frequent-flier miles.', 'In fact ; Budget indicated itself saw some benefits to stay involved inthese programs, which fliers can get car-rental discounts.'] )

Input: I can not see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget's programs, said Bob Wilson, Budget's vice president, marketing planning.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["I can not see how this news by Hertz can not benefit Budget's programs, said Bob Wilson, Budget 'S vice president, marketing planning.", "I can't see how that news by Avis can not help Budget''s program, saidBob Wilson, budget's vice president."] )

Input: Northwest and Midway are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Northwest are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements.', 'Midway are two.'] )

Input: National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines, including Delta and USAir Group Inc.'s USAir unit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines, including Delta Group Inc.'s USAir unit.', "National also participate in the Southwest frequent-ferlier programalong with four more airlines, like USAir Group Inc.-s USAira unit."] )

Input: A month ago, Hertz, of Park Ridge, N.J., said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta, America West and Texas Air Corp.'s Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines, and that pacts with American Airlines, UAL Inc's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended... sometime after Dec. 31.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A month ago, Hertz, of Park Ridge, N.J., said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta, America West and Texas Air Corp.'s Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines also would be ended... sometime after Dec. 31.", "Hertz, from Park Ridge, N.j., added that pacts with American Airlines, UAL Inc's United Airlines and USAir also would been ended...ometime after Dec.- 31."] COORDINATIONAL( ["Hertzl, of park Ridge, n.J.-, saidthat it wouldDrop its marketing agreement at year stop with Delta Airlines, and then later on Dec. 30,.", 'A month earlier, Hertzl, in Park Ridge- N.Y., compared that it will drop its Marketing agreements at month end with America West, and later on December.', "A month later, Hertzi, of West Ridge, Calif., made that passes with Texas air Corp. "America West, but later onDec. 31, "Amonth ago, Heinz, on Park Ridge - N.JR., called that pounces with Eastern Airlines both would be end... sometime before Dec.31.", ["Amonth later, Heinzl, from West Ridge, Calif. ) said that pains with American airlines also wouldbe ended... anytime after Dec- 31.". "A Month ago, Hartz, in West Ridge-N.J.:, said on pactswith UAL, and USAIR also would Be ended... someday after Dec."] ))

Input: At the time, Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At the time, Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million.', 'At the moment, Hertzl said that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million.'] )

Input: Analysts and competitors, however, doubt the numbers were that high.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Analysts, however, doubt the numbers were that high.', 'competitors, therefore, doubt that numbers were That high.'] )

Input: Robert D. Cardillo, Avis vice president of marketing, said, The proliferation and costs attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Robert D. Cardillo, Avis vice president of marketing, said, The proliferation attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value.', 'Robert d. Cardilo, AVIS vice presidentof marketing, made, The costs attached to "-LCB'- frequent-ferlier programs-RCB/ have significantly reduced their value %.'] )

Input: This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis, said Charles Finnie, car-rental industry analyst at Alex. Brown & Sons.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['This year has been difficult for both Hertz, said Charles Finnie, car-rental industry analyst at Alex. Brown & Sons.', 'This year have been difficultfor both Avis, saidCharles Finnie, car-veal industry analysis at Alex, Brown & Son.'] )

Input: They've been looking to get their costs down, and this is a fairly sensible way to do it, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["They've been looking to get their costs down, he said.", 'this is a fairly sensible way to do it, he apologised.'] )

Input: I have every intention of making this the best possible show and having it run one hour is the best way to it, said Rod Perth, who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['I have every intention of making this the best possible show, said Rod Perth, who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August.', 'having it run one hour is the best way to it, saidRod Perth, which was named Vice president oflate night entertainment on August.'] )

Input: But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes and begin at 1:30 a.m.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes.', 'But CBS news will begin at 1:30 a.m.'] )

Input: The show, despite a promising start, has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co., finishing far below Tonight on NBC, a unit of General Electric Co., and Nightline on ABC-TV, a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The show, despite a promising start, has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co., finishing far below Tonight on NBC, a unit of General Electric Co..', 'The show, despite a promise start, is slipping badly in many weekly ratingsas compiled by Nightline on ABC-TV, a units of Capital Cities\\/ABC Inc.'] )

Input: Tandem Computers Inc., preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business, said it expects to post higher revenue and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Tandem Computers Inc., preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business, said it expects to post higher revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30.', 'Tandem Computingers Inc.- preparing to fights with International business Machines Corp.- for a Piece of the Mainframe Business, said It expects to posts higher earnings for its nominal fourth quarter end Sept. 29.'] )

Input: Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million, compared to earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share.'] )

Input: In the year-earlier period, Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million, or 31 cents a share, on revenue of $ 383.9 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the year-earlier period, Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million, on revenue of $ 383.9 million.', 'In the years-earliest period, Kandem reported gross income of 31 cents a share, onvenue of $ 384.9 billion.'] )

Input: Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino, Calif., company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino, Calif., company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share.'] )

Input: Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges, networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges.', 'Tandem does fault-tarant computers - machines with build-in backups systems --that run networks of automatic tellers.', '(Tandem making fault-torant computers... machines with Built-in Backup systems --That run other complex computer systems.'] )

Input: But Mr. Treybig questions whether that will be enough to stop Tandem's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions that large organizations previously sought from Big Blue's machines.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The answer isn't price reductions, but new systems, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The answer isn't price reductions, he said.", "The answer comesn't new systems, he apologised."] )

Input: It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit and it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit.', 'it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar.'] )

Input: The resulting decline in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business -- indeed, the entire economy.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The resulting decline in interest rates could reinvigorate American business -- indeed, the entire economy.', 'The subsequent decline in the value of the dollar could reinvuigorateAmerican business -- Indeed, the whole economy.'] )

Input: Its spasms can't be traced to fundamental business conditions, nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth, damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth, damage business confidence.', 'Sharply sliding stock prices discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance.'] )

Input: But if the stock market doesn't continue to plummet, the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["But if the stock market doesn't continue to plummet, the beneficial effects of lower interest rates may well dominate.", "But if that stock market losesn't continuing to plummet, the beneficial effect of a lower dollar may well dominating."] )

Input: But the experience of the 1987 crash suggests the Fed is likely to bring down short-term interest rates in its effort to calm markets.
Prediction: NONE

Input: That wasn't the case in 1987, when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse, producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S..
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["That wasn't the case in 1987, when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse, producing panic among foreign investors.", "That was N't the Case in 1987, when the pound was so sick that some economist and government Officials seriously worriedthat it might collapses, diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S.."] )

Input: Another big difference between 1987 and 1989 isn't so comforting.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly and for a short period of time, recalls Mr. Zarnowitz, a longtime student of business cycles.
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['-LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe than some had feared.', '-LCB - The effects "-RCB - were much more severe than many had expected.', "-LC B- The effect -RC B- were less prolonged than some have feared.", '- LCB- What effects -RRB- Were less prolong than some expected.'] )

Input: Today, he frets, exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week and if consumers retrench in reaction.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Today, he frets, exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week.', 'Today, they frets, exports andbusiness investment spending will be insufficientto pick upthe slack if consumers retrench in reaction.'] )

Input: But, in the process, the Fed risks reigniting inflation.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even before Friday's events, Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed won't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets, banks and highly leveraged corporations.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Even before Friday's events, Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed won't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets.", "Even before Wednesday's event, HarvardUniversity economist Benjamin Foley was arguingthat the Fedwon't been able to Live up toits tough words in eliminating inflationBecause of its responsibilities to protect banks.", ["EvenBefore Friday'm events, Boston University economist Ben Friedman was argued that theFed wo n 't be ableto live upto its toughwords on eliminatingflation because ofits responsibility to protecting highly leveraged corporations."] )

Input: The economy does, however, depend on the confidence of businesses, consumers and foreign investors.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['The economy does, however, depend on the confidence of businesses.', 'The economydoes, however, depend on confidence of consumers.', '(The economy did, however ) depend on a confidence of foreign investors."] )

Input: A 190-point drop isn't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over, though, and it will.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["A 190-point drop isn't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over.", "it will."] )

Input: And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well, the dollar's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago, about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash and the subsequent Depression.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Two years ago, about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash.', 'Two years Ago, on the only points of comparison is the subsequent Depression.'] )

Input: This could be the first of five or six down quarters.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['This could be the first of five down quarters.', 'This could possibly be the second of six down quarters.'] )

Input: Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals, the company still has a big stake in polyethylene, which is used in packaging and housewares.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals, the company still has a big stake in polyethylene, which is used in packaging.', 'Though Dow does aggressively diversification into specialty chemical, the firm still hasa big stakein polyethylENE, which are used in housewares.', "Though Dow is aggressively diversifying into specialty pharmaceuticals, the companies still has one big stake on polyethylenes, whichis used in package.", 'Though dow has aggressively divified into specific pharmaceuticals, the company also has a bigger stake inpolyethylene, which is made in houseWares.'] )

Input: Analysts'third-quarter estimates for the Midland, Mich., company are between $ 3.20 a share and $ 3.30 a share, compared with $ 3.36 a year ago, when profit was $ 632 million on sales of $ 4.15 billion.
Prediction: NONE

Input: You will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better, says James Wilbur, a Smith Barney analyst.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['You will find the commodities off more than the others, says James Wilbur, a Smith Barney analyst.', 'You will the diversified companies about even or slightly better than even or even better than each, saysJames Wilbur, a Smith Bar analyst.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['They will find all the commodities Off more thanthe others, according James WilBur, aSmith Barney analyst.', 'YOU will find a diversified company about even, according to James Wilburn, a Peter Barney analyst sidestepper.', "You will finding a diversification companies about slightly better, says Charles Wilbur Jr, a Taylor Barney analyst."] ))

Input: Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments, fibers and polymers.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments.', 'Du Pont co. is believed to have lost steady profitgrowth in fibers.', ['DuPont Co. has thought to Have had steadyprofit growth in polymers.'] )

Input: In the 1988 third quarter, the company earned $ 461 million, or $ 1.91 a share, on sales of $ 7.99 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the 1988 third quarter, the company earned $ 461 million, on sales of $ 7.99 billion.', 'In the1988 third quarter, the company earn $ 1.91 a share, on sale of $ seven.99 million.'] )

Input: Monsanto Co., too, is expected to continue reporting higher profit, even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe and the western U.S..
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Monsanto Co., too, is expected to continue reporting higher profit, even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe.', 'Monsato Co. ) too, has expected to continued reporting higherprofit, eventhough its salesof crop chemicals are hurt inthe latest quarterby drought in the western U.S..'] )

Input: Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year, but Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year.', 'Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989.'] )

Input: Most estimates for Monsanto run between $ 1.70 and $ 2 a share.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A year ago, the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million, or $ 1.67 a share, on sales of $ 2.02 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['A year ago, the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million, on sales of $ 2.02 billion.', 'A year Ago, the firm posted third quarter profit of about $ 1.67 a share, on sale of $ 1,02 billion %'] )

Input: But the commodity-chemical producers are caught on the downside of a pricing cycle.
Prediction: NONE

Input: By some accounts on Wall Street and in the industry, the inventory reductions are near an end, which may presage firmer demand.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['By some accounts on Wall Street, the inventory reductions are near an end, which may presage firmer demand.', 'by some accounts in the industry, the Inventory reductions are far an end.'] )

Input: But doubters say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early 1990s.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product, polypropylene, while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene, whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product, polypropylene, while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply.', 'Himonto faces lower price for its majorstay product, polypropane, while he goes forwardwith a heavy Capital investment programto develop new uses for polyprophen, whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Homimont face lower pricesfor its mainst product,polypropylene, while it stays forward witha heavy capital Investment program to bolst its raw materials supply., 'HIMont facesLower prices for their mainstay Product, polyPropylene, when it goes along with a heavier capital investment scheme to develop new use for polyPropane, which markets include both packaging industries.', "HimONT faces lower costs for its keystay product : polyprophene, while she goes forward in a heavycapital investment program that develops new usesfor polypropene, whose market include the automobile industries."] ))

Input: At Quantum Chemical Corp., New York, the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene, higher debt costs and the idling of an important plant due to an explosion.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['At Quantum Chemical Corp., New York, the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene, higher debt costs.', 'At Quantum chemical Corp.., New YORK, the Trouble is the idling of an important plant due to an explosion.'] )

Input: But the estimates range from break-even to 35 cents a share.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the 1988 third quarter, Quantum earned $ 99.8 million, or $ 3.92 a share, on sales of $ 724.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['In the 1988 third quarter, Quantum earned $ 99.8 million, on sales of $ 724.4 million.', 'In the1988 third quarter, Quantum earned about $ 3.92 a share, on sale of $ seven24.3 million.'] )

Input: Another big polyethylene producer, Union Carbide Corp., is expected to post profit of between $ 1 a share and $ 1.25, compared with $ 1.56 a share a year earlier, when the company earned $ 213 million on sales of $ 2.11 billion.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont, Quantum and Union Carbide all declined to comment.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Himont all declined to comment.', 'Quantum all declinedto comment.'] )

Input: The following were among Friday's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets, with terms and syndicate manager, as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The following were among Friday's offerings and pricings in the U.S. capital markets, with terms and syndicate manager, as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :", "The following are among Friday "s offeringsand pricingsin the non-U.S.- capital markets, with terms AND syndicate Manager, as compiling by DowJones Capital Markets report :"] )

Input: Rated single-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor's Corp., the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Rated single-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc., the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.", "single-A by Standard & Poor's Corp.,the non- callable issue has be soldThrough underwriters lead by Lynch Lynch capital Markets."] )

Input: Rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by S&P, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Rated Baa-1 by Moody's, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.", 'triple-B-plus by S & P, the problem will be sell through underwriter led byMorgan Stanley & CO.'] )

Input: Among classes for which details were available, yields ranged from 8.78 %, or 75 basis points over two-year Treasury securities, to 10.05 %, or 200 basis points over 10-year Treasurys.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Among classes for which details were available, yields ranged from 8.78 %, or 75 basis points over two-year Treasury securities, to 10.05 % over 10-year Treasurys.', 'Among classesfor which details are available, yield ranged from 80 % to 200 basis points on 10-month TreasURys.'] )

Input: The agency's first strips issue, collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant, will be divided into interest-only and principal-only securities.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["The agency's first strips issue, collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant, will be divided into interest-only and principal-only securities.", "The agency "s first strip issue,collized by Freddy Mac 8 percentage securities pooled in a single Security called a Giants, willbe divided intointerest-only but principal- only securities."] )

Input: Freddie Mac said the principal-only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 %, assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Freddie Mac said the principal-only securities were priced at 58 1\\/4 to yield 8.45 %, assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model.', 'FreddieMac said the principals-only products were priced on 58 1\/4 to yields 8. 45 %,Assuming an average Life of eight year and aprepaymentof 160 %of the P SA model.'] )

Input: There were no major Eurobond or foreign bond offerings in Europe Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['There were no major Eurobond offerings in Europe Friday.', 'There wereno major foreign bond offerings inEurope Friday.'] )

Input: Yoshiya Tanaka has received speaking fees and/or honoraria from Daiichi - Sankyo, Eli Lilly, Novartis, YL Biologics, Bristol - Myers, Eisai, Chugai, Abbvie, Astellas, Pfizer, Sanofi, Asahi - kasei, GSK, Mitsubishi - Tanabe, Gilead, Janssen and has received research grants from Mitsubishi - Tanabe, Chugai, Abbvie, Takeda, UCB, Daiichi - Sankyo, Eisai.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Yoshiya Tanaka has received speaking fees and/or honoraria from Daiichi - Sankyo, Eli Lilly, Novartis, YL Biologics, Bristol - Myers, Eisai, Chugai, Abbvie, Astellas, Pfizer, Sanofi, Asahi - kasei, GSK, Mitsubishi - Tanabe, Gilead, Janssen.', 'YoshiYA Tanaka has been received research grants from Mitsubisky - Tanabie, Takeda, UCB, Daiichi- Sanky, EISai.'] )

Input: Ahmed Sadek has served as an advisory board member for GW Pharmaceuticals and SK Life Science, a speaker for Sunovion, and has received research support from Sunovion and UCB Pharma.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Ahmed Sadek has served as an advisory board member for GW Pharmaceuticals and SK Life Science, a speaker for Sunovion,.', 'Ahmed Cadek says he has received research support from SunovION and UCB Pharma.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Ahmed Sasek has played as an Advisory board member on GW PharmaceuticalS, a Speaker for Sunovaion,?','Ahmed Catek has done as an advocacy board member in SK Life Sciences, a lecturer for Sunvion, % -', 'Ohmed Satek says He has receivedResearch support from both Sunovions.', "Ahmed Padek is received researchsupport from UCB Pharmaceutical."] ))

Input: Brian D. Moseley has served as a consultant / advisory board member for Eisai and UCB Pharma, a speaker for Eisai, LivaNova, and UCB Pharma, and has received research support from GW Pharma, LivaNova, Nonin Medical, Inc., Sunovion, and Xenon Pharmaceuticals. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Brian D. Moseley has served as a consultant / advisory board member for Eisai and UCB Pharma.", 'Brian D.- MoseLEY has received a speaker for EISai, LivaNova, and UCb Pharma.', 'Brian d. Maseley has received research support from GW Pharma, LilaNova, Nonin Medical, Inc., Sunovion, and Xenon Pharmaceuticals.'] COORDINATIONAL( [" Brian D. moseley have served as A consultant for eisai.", "Brian D- Mosely has servedas a consultant for UCB Pharmaceutical.", ', 'Brian Dar. MOSEley has become a lecturer for Eisinai.', "Brian Duc. Mosesley has gotten a speaker to Liva Nova.", "(Brian D, Moseleys has received support from SunovION.", "-Brian D.: Moseler has received further support from Xenon Pharmas."] ))

Input: Dina Jacobs has clinical research trial support from Genentech / Roche, Biogen, Novartis, and Medimmune, and has received consulting / advisory board honoraria from Celgene, Biogen, Novartis, EMD Serono, and Sanofi Genzyme.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Dina Jacobs has clinical research trial support from Genentech / Roche, Biogen, Novartis, and Medimmune.', 'Dina Jacob has received consulting / advisory board honoraria from Celgene, Biog, Novartsis, EMD Serono, and Sanofi Genzyme.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['dina Jacobs have clinical research trials support fromGenentech'Roche.', ['Dino Jacobs has Clinical research trial Support from Biogen.', "DinaJac has clinicalresearch trial support by NovartIS.", 'Dino Jacob has clinical Research trial support for Medimmune,.', '/Dinajac has received Consulting / advisory advisory board honouraria from celgene.', '(Dina Kos has received advisory / advisory Board honoraria with Biogen.", "DinoJac has received consultation / advisory boards honoraria in Novartisi.", ['DINA Jacobs has received consult / advisory group honoraria on EMDSerono.',�Dina Jacques has received services / advisoryboard honoraria by Sanofi genzyme.', `Dina Dobson has received consultants / advisory bar honorariafrom CelgENE.' )))

Input: Conflict of interest Henrik Larsson has served as a speaker for Evolan Pharma and Shire and has received research grants from Shire, all outside the submitted work.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Conflict of interest Henrik Larsson has served as a speaker for Evolan Pharma and Shire as well as has received research grants from Shire, all outside the submitted work.', 'Conflicts of interestHenrik Larth has received interest grants from Schire, both outside the submitting work.'] COORDINATIONS( ['conflict ofinterest Henrik Karsson has receivedResearch grants fromShire,all outside the submission work., 'Conflictof interest Henrike Larsson have served as an speaker forEvolan Pharma as well and ShIRE as well than has received Research grants for Shire.'] ))

Input: G. Argilés has received research funding from Servier and Bayer, has attended advisory boards for Servier, Bayer, Amgen, Sanofi, Merck Serono, Bristol - Myers Squibb, and Roche, and has received travel expense and accommodation from Servier, Bayer, Amgen, and Roche.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['G. Argilés has received research funding from Servier and Bayer.', 'has attended advisory boards for Servier, Bayer, Amgen, Sanofi, Merck Serono, Bristol - Myers Squibb, and Roche.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['g. Argilicés has gotten research funding for Serviers.', "G.Argilés is received research funds from Bayer.", 'has visited advisory boards with Servier.', ['has attended Advisory boards for Bayer.'- 'has traveled advisory boards by Amgen.', '(has traveled administrative boards for Sanofi.", 'has received travel expenses from MerckSerono.', `has traveled expense from Bristol - Briggs SquibB.', ``has received transportation expense from Roche.', ''has received accommodation from Serviers.", "has received accommodations from Bayer.". 'has gotten accommodation from Amgen.", ['has received experience from Roche.'] ))

Input: C. Borg has attended advisory boards for Roche, Servier, and Sanofi, and has received a research grant from Roche.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['C. Borg has attended advisory boards for Roche, Servier, and Sanofi.', 'C.org has received a research grant from Roche.'] COORDINATIONS( ['c. Borg will received aresearch grant fromoche.', ['C.- Borg has visited advisory boards on Roche.', "C.borg has attended advice boards for Servier.', '(C. Berg has attended advis boards for Sanofi."] ))

Input: Mirro reports he is a trustee for Indiana University, has equity interest ( public ) in iRhythm, is a consultant for Zoll Medical Corporation, and has received research grants from Medtronic, Biotronik, and Janssen Pharmaceutica.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mirro reports he is a trustee for Indiana University.', 'Mirro Reports he has equity interest ( public ) in iRhythm.', "Mirro says he is on a consultant for Zoll Medical Corporation.", 'Marlowe reports he has received research grants from Medtronic, Biotronik, and Janssen Pharmaceutica.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['mirro reports He is a trustees forIndiana University.", 'Mirror reports he does equity interest( public ) on iRh Rhythm.', ', 'Mirrod reports he receives research grants to Medtronics.', ['Mirrod Reports he receivesresearch grants from BiotRONik.'] ))

Input: J. P. Voskamp is founder of Rosmark Consultancy and has received salary support for his role in this study.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['J. P. Voskamp is founder of Rosmark Consultancy.', 'J. p. VOSkamp has received salary support for his role in this study.'] )

Input: Nina Bhardwaj is an extramural member of the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy, and has received research support from Celldex, Genentech, Oncovir, and Regeneron.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Nina Bhardwaj is an extramural member of the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy.', 'Nina has received research support from Celldex, Genentech, Oncovir, and Regeneron.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Sina Burdwaj has an extramsural member in the Parker institute for Cancer immunotherapy., 'NINA has receivedResearch support fromCelldex.', ['NINA Bhardwuaj has received Research support from Genentch.', '(Nina have received researchsupport from Oncovair.', "Nina is received research supports from Regeneron."] ))

Input: Richard J. McManus reports grants from NIHR, grants from Stroke Association, outside the submitted work, and has received BP monitors for research from Omron.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Richard J. McManus reports grants from NIHR as well as grants from Stroke Association, outside the submitted work.','Richard J.McManus has received BP monitors for research from Omron.'] )

Input: Ryan Law is a consultant for Olympus and has received royalties from UpToDate.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Ryan Law is a consultant for Olympus.', 'Ryan Law has received royalties from UpToDate.'] )

Input: Nirav Thosani is a consultant for Boston Scientific, Medtronic, Pentax, and Endogastric Solutions, and has received royalties from UpToDate.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Nirav Thosani is a consultant for Boston Scientific, Medtronic, Pentax, and Endogastric Solutions.', 'NIRav Thosaani has received royalties from UpToDate.'] COORDINATIONS( [' NiravThosani has receive royalties fromUpToDate, 'Nirov Thosane is a consultants for BostonScient.', ['NIRAV Thosanni is a consulting for Medtronics.', "Nirava Thosiani is a Consulting for Pentax.', '(Niravi Thosan is a Consultation for EndogASTric Solutions."] ))

Input: " Conflict of interest statement : Roy F. Chemaly has served as a consultant to Oxford Immunotec, Merck, Chimerix, Shire / Takeda, Astellas, and Clinigen, and has received research funding paid to his institution from Oxford Immunotec, AiCuris, Viracor, Merck, Shire / Takeda, Chimerix, and Novartis.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Conflict of interest statement : Roy F. Chemaly has served as a consultant to Oxford Immunotec, Merck, Chimerix, Shire / Takeda, Astellas, and Clinigen.", " Conflict of interest Statement :Roy F. Chemistryaly has received research funding paid to his institution from Oxford Immunotaec, AiCuris, Viracor, Merick, ShIRE / Takinga, Chimix, and Novartis."] COORDINATIONAL( [" Conflict ofinterest statement ; Roy F. Chemaly have served as an consultant toOx Immunoteco.", '" Conflict of Interest statement :RoyF. Chemalyst has served on Oxford Merck.', '", '", " conflict of interest statements : Royf. Chem Daly has served up to Oxford ChimerIX.', " conflicts of interest period : Roy f. Chemalia has served to Oxford Shire & Takedas.", [" Conflictof interest statement ;Roy F.Chemaly has performed to Oxford Schimerix.", 'C Conflict ofInterest statement : Ry F. Chemicalaly has played to Oxford Mesellas.', ['C Conflict with interest statement: Roy F.).', 'Cochin's role in Oxford Clinigen.'] ))

Input: Gavin Giovannoni has received speaker honoraria and consulting fees from Abbvie, Actelion, Atara Bio, Almirall, Bayer Schering Pharma, Biogen Idec, FivePrime, GlaxoSmithKline, GW Pharma, Merck & Co., Merck Healthcare KGaA, Pfizer Inc, Protein Discovery Laboratories, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Sanofi - Genzyme, UCB, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Ironwood and Novartis, and has received research support unrelated to this study from Biogen Idec, Merck & Co., Novartis and Ironwood.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Gavin Giovannoni has received speaker honoraria and consulting fees from Abbvie, Actelion, Atara Bio, Almirall, Bayer Schering Pharma, Biogen Idec, FivePrime, GlaxoSmithKline, GW Pharma, Merck & Co., and Merck Healthcare KGaA.', 'Gavin Gooannoni have received speaker honouraria and consultation fees from Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd, Sanofi - Genzyme, UCB, Vertex Pharmaceuticals, Ironwood and Novartis.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Mavin Giovanni has been received research support unrelated to this study from BiogenIdec.', "Mavin Dosannoni will received research supports unrelated to these study from Bayer Scherilling Pharma.", 'Mavin Tosannoni is received research services unrelated tothis study from GlaxOSmithKlin.', ['Macc Giovannonia has received research activities unrelated to that study from Merck Industries Ltd.', '(Macciovannoni in received research groups unrelated to This study from Sanofi- Genzyme.', '[Maccovia in receiving research support related to thisstudy from UCB.', ', 'Maccevia in getting research support independent to this case from Vertex pharmaceuticals.'] ))

Input: Bassem Yamout has received honoraria for lectures and advisory boards from Bayer, Biogen, Genpharm, Genzyme, Merck - Serono and Novartis, and has received research grants from Bayer, Biogen, Merck - Serono, Novartis and Pfizer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bassem Yamout has received honoraria for lectures and advisory boards from Bayer, Biogen, Genpharm, Genzyme, Merck - Serono and Novartis.', 'Bassem Okorn has received research grants from Bayer, Biogen, Merck- Serono, NovartIS and Pfizer.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['bassem Yamouts has received honouraria for lecture from Bayer.', "Bassem Omout has gotten honoraria to lectures from Biogen.", 'Basem Yamout have received honorarium for lectures from Genpharms.', ['Basem Okorn with honoraria from Genzyme.', '(Bassem Ogorn with respectaria for tours from Merck as Serono.", "Bashem Yamout with respectia for lectures in Novarti.", ['Basm Yamout will received research funds from Bayer?', 'bassem Okonstra for research grants to Biogen.', `Bassem Umout will receive research grants in Merck and Serono.', ``Bassem Yahout has been received research advances from Novartise."] ))

Input: " Competing interests : David M. Diamond is a member of the science advisory board for Anutra and has received honoraria from Pruvit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Competing interests : David M. Diamond is a member of the science advisory board for Anutra.", 'Competing interest : DavidM. Diamond has received honoraria from Pruvit.'] )

Input: " Disclosure Alexis Ogdie has served as a consultant for AbbVie, Amgen, BMS, Celgene, Corrona, Janssen, Lilly, Novartis, and Pfizer and has received grants from Novartis and Pfizer to Penn and from Amgen to Forward. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Disclosure Alexis Ogdie has served as a consultant for AbbVie, Amgen, BMS, Celgene, Corrona, Janssen, Lilly, Novartis, and Pfizer.", '" Disclosure Alex Ogdie says has received grants from NovartIS and Pfiser to Penn and from Amgen to Forward.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", Disclosure Alexis odie has played as a consultants for Abvie.", " Disclosure Alexis Odie has done as a consulting for Amgen.", [" Disclosure Alexis Osdie has performed as a role for BMS.", "- Disclosure Alexis Ozdie has serve as a platform for CelgENE.", -- Disclosure Alexis Udie has studied as a lecturer for Corronas. -- " Disclosure Sanchez Ogdie also has studied for Jansson.", (" Disclosure AlexisOdie has analyzed as a guest for Lilly. -- Announcement Alexis Ogie has received a grants from Octartis to Penn.", "( Disclosure Alexis �die has received loans from Pfizer to Penn...", "Noticeessa Ogdie is received a $4,000 from Amg to Forward."] ))

Input: Yoichiro Watanabe has received manuscript fees or speaker ’s honoraria from Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, Eli Lilly, GlaxoSmithKline, Janssen Pharmaceutical, Kyowa Pharmaceutical, Meiji Seika Pharma, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma, MSD, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Pfizer, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, Takeda Pharmaceutical, Yoshitomi Yakuhin, and has received research / grant support from Astellas Pharma, Daiichi Sankyo, Eisai, MSD, Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma, Meiji Seika Pharma, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Pfizer, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, and is a consultant of Eisai, Eli Lilly, Kyowa Pharmaceutical, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Pfizer, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, Taisho Toyama Pharmaceutical, and Takeda Pharmaceutical.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Yoichiro Watanabe has received manuscript fees or speaker ’s honoraria from Daiichi Sankyo.', 'Yoichi Sinkyo will receive research / grant support from Eisai, Eli Lilly.', "Yoichiru Watanaga has received research / gift support from GlaxoSmithKline.", 'Yoichira Watanaba has received study / grant aid from Janssen Pharmaceutical.', '(Yoichilo Watanami has received studies or speaker's honouraria from Kyowa Pharmaceutical.' 'Yoochiro WatANabe has been received research & grant support for Meiji Seika Pharma, Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Pfizer, Shionogi, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Yoichi Saskyo will received research and grant support to Daiichi Saankyo, Eisahi, Eisinai, Meisinai Pharmaceutical, Phizer, Sionogi, Sumitoba DainIPPon Pharma,.', ['Yoichi Watanab has received data and speaker ''s honoraria as DaiichiSankyo.', 'Yochiro Wanabe Pharma, and is a consultant of Lisai.', `Yoichiu Watanaki has received information and speaker ‑ventaria from Eli Lilly, Kyowa Pharma, Shitonogi, and Takeda Pharmaceutical.'] ))

Input: " Competing interests : Author Chandini Raina MacIntyre has sat on advisory boards for GSK, CSL and Pfizer and has received funding or in - kind support for investigator - driven research from GSK, BioCSL, Wyeth and Pfizer. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Competing interests : Author Chandini Raina MacIntyre has sat on advisory boards for GSK, CSL and Pfizer.", "Competing interests ; Author Chandinis Raina McIntyre says has received funding or in - kind support for investigator - driven research from GSK, BioCSL, Wyeth and Pfiser."] COORDINATIONAL( [" ["Competing interest : Authors Chandini raina Mac Intyre has sits on Advisory boards for KSK.", 'Competing Interest : Author Chakini Rainera MacIntrie has sat up advisory boards with CSL.', 'Compounding interests : author ChandiniRaina Macintyre has landed funding for investigator use research from SSK.', "Compilling interests :Author Chandini Wina MacInsyre has received marketing for investigator'driven research in bioCSL.", " Competing concerns : Author Chimini Rainsa MacIntry has received production for investigator -- driven research on Wyeth.", "- Competing efforts : Author Chinini Rainpa MacIntrey has received development for investigator ', driven research to Pfizer.", 'Comping interests : Authors Chakini Wincha MacIntyer says has receive funding for instance - driven Research from G SK.', '(Competing concerns ; Author Chakinis Rainera McIntry says has receives funding for example - drivenResearch from BioCSl.', ['Competing efforts ; Author Chimisi RainaMacIntyre said has received funds for example- driven research with Wyeth.', "'Competing purposes : Author chini Rainea MacInthey says has Received funding forexample - drivenresearch from Pfizer.', 'competing interests: Author Chandinus Raina MACIntyre claims has received in -kind support for investor -driven research from KSK.'] ))

Input: Maurice Beghetti is a consultant for Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Bayer Healthcare, GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly and Pfizer, and has received grant support and personal fees from Actelion Pharmaceuticals, GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly, Pfizer and Bayer Healthcare.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Maurice Beghetti is a consultant for Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Bayer Healthcare, GlaxoSmithKline, Eli Lilly and Pfizer.', 'Maurica Beghetti has received grant support and personal fees from Actelions Pharmaceuticals, GlaxOSmithKlin, Eli Eli Lilly, Pfizer and Bayer Healthcare.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['mauriceBeghetti is in consultant for ACTelion Pharms.', ['Mauice Begelsen is in consulting for Bayer Healthcare?','mauricaBeghetti comes into consulting for GLaxo SmithKline.', "Maurine Beghetti comes in consulting with Eli Lilly.", "Mauica Begelsen comes in consultant to Pfizer.", 'Piser.'] ))

Input: Ronald Oudiz is a speaker / consultant for Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Arena, Bayer Healthcare, Gilead Pharmaceuticals, Medtronic, Reata Pharmaceuticals, SteadyMed and United Therapeutics, and has received grant support for research from AAdi, Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Arena, Gilead Pharmaceuticals, GSK, Liquidia, Reata Pharmaceuticals and United Therapeutics.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Ronald Oudiz is a speaker / consultant for Actelion Pharmaceuticals, Arena, Bayer Healthcare, Gilead Pharmaceuticals and United Therapeutics.', 'Ronald oudiz has received grant support for research from AAdi, Actelions Pharmaceuticals, Arena, Liquidia, Reata Pharmaceuticals or United Theraputics.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Ronald OUDiz isa speaker for ActELion PharmaceuticalS.', "RonaldOudiz comes a speaker - consultant for Arena.", "Ronaldo OudIZ is a consultant for Bayer Healthcare.", 'Ronaldo Uudiz will receive grant support to research from Gileada Pharmaceuticals.', '(Ronald Eudiz makes a speaker -- consultant for Gileado Pharmaceuticals.". 'RonALD Oudz is a lecturer for Medtronic.', `Ronald UudIZ will receive grants support for further research from Reata pharmaceuticals.'] ))

Input: S. Bender has served as advisory board member for Roche, and has received support for scientific symposia from Actelion, Shire, Medice, Lilly.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['S. Bender has served as advisory board member for Roche.', 'S. Fischer has received support for scientific symposia from Actelion, Shire, Medice, Lilly.'] )

Input: Florian P. Thomas has served as a speaker and/or consultant for Acorda Therapeutics, Biogen, Genzyme, Novartis and Teva Neuroscience, and has received research support from Biogen and Teva Neuroscience.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Florian P. Thomas has served as a speaker and/or consultant for Acorda Therapeutics, Biogen, Genzyme, Novartis and Teva Neuroscience.', 'Florian p. Thomas also has received research support from Biogen and Teeva Neuroscience.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Florian P. Thomas has played as a Speaker for Acordea TherAPEutics.', "FlorianP. Thomas have served as an speaker for Biogen.", 'Floriana P.Thomas has servedas a speaker for Genzyme.', ['Floriana p.Thomas is served as one speaker for NovartIS.', '(Florian Pa. Thomas is servedas one speaker in Teva Genetics.', ', 'FlorIAN P. Harris has received support from biogen.', '[Florian Ph. Thomas will received support for Teva neuroscience.', '/Florianp. Thomas returns as a consultant forAcordaTherapeutics.'- 'Floria P. Morris returns as an consultant for Biogens.', `Florian Pompe. Thomas comes as a vice consultant forGenzyme.'] ))

Input: DRVL has received educational grants or research support from Pfizer, Takeda, Ferring, Shire and has received consultancy and/or speaker ’s fees from Pfizer, Janssen, Abbvie, Ferring, Vifor and Emerge Health. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['DRVL has received educational grants or research support from Pfizer, Takeda, Ferring, Shire.', "DRVL also has received consultancy and/or speaker ’s fees from Pfize, Janssen, Abbvie, Ferrington, Vifor and Emerge Health."] COORDINATIONAL( ['DrVL has been educational grants for Pfizer.', 'DRVL is received educational advances for Pakeda.", 'DRLV has received education grants for Ferring.", "DRL has received Educational grants for Shire.". "DrVL also have received consultant fees and "or speaker's fees to Pfizer.", "(DRVL already has received consulting fees from Jansson.", "-DRVL does received consulting firms from Abbovie.", ["DRVL makes received consultation fees from Ferring.", "DRLC has received consult fees from Pifor.", "...DRVL uses received consults fees for Emerge health.", "/DRVL then has received speaker '�s fee from Pfizers.", ("DRVL now has received quotes fees from Lanssen.",/"DRVL today has received quote fees from AbBvie." and "DRULL has received quoted fees fromFerring.". 'DRULL then has gotten speaker ''s fees from Gifor.', '(DRVL will received speaker ‑s fees by Emerge Life."] ))

Input: Alejandro Fainboim has received honoraria for presentations and board meetings, and has received unrestricted educational grants and research grants from Genzyme and Shire.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Alejandro Fainboim has received honoraria for presentations and board meetings.', 'Alejandro has received unrestricted educational grants and research grants from Genzyme and Shire.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Daniel Fainbuim has gotten honoraria to presentations.', ['AleAlejandro fainboIM has received honouraria for board meetings,.', "Alejandro is received unrestricted education grants fromGenzyme.", 'Aleella is received unconditional educational grants from Shire.', 'Ejandro Faineboim receives unrestricted research grants in Genzyme.', '(Alejandro Sainboem has received unlimited research grants with Shire."] ))

Input: M.   P.   L. has participated on advisory boards for AstraZeneca, Lilly, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Eisai, Genomic Health and Roche and has received honoraria for lectures and medical education activities from MSD, Lilly, Roche, Novartis, Pfizer, Genomic Health, AstraZeneca, medac, onkowissen.de, ClinSol and Eisai.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['M.   P. '� L. has participated on advisory boards for AstraZeneca, Lilly, MSD, Novartis, Pfizer, Eisai, Genomic Health and Roche.', 'M. '\\/ P.. 'L. has received honoraria for lectures, lectures and medical education activities from MSD, Lilly, Roche, Novartsis, Astra Zeneca, medac, onkowissen.de, ClinSol and EisAI.'] COORDINATIONS( ['m. ‍ P. ; L. have participated on Advisory boards for KazakhstanZeneca.', "M. "� P. '� l. has participate on advisory Boards for Lilly.", 'M, '� p. ;L. returns on advisory tours for MSD.", "M,  p. ;l. returns from NovartIS.", ''M. ; P. : L. returns up advisory boards from Pfizer.', ''M & '� Lu. has returned up advisory teams for Genomic health.", ``M. : P., L. is up advisory centers for AstRAZeneca.", `M. î P. likles L. will return up advisory sites from medac.', `M.'>> P. says olives L. would return up to advisory boards with ClinSol.', ['M.   Ph. ; l. will returns up to review activities from EISai.', '(M. ) P. wa Linda will return to reviews activities from Genomic Heath.", «M. « P. o L. wilfully distributed review activities with Roche.'] ))

Input: " Declaration of competing interest Kazutaka Jin has received speaker's fees from Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Daiichi - Sankyo, UCB Japan, and Eisai Co., Ltd. Nobukazu Nakasato is Chair of the Collaborative Laboratory with RICOH Japan Corp. and has received research funds and speaker's fees from Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Daiichi - Sankyo, UCB Japan, Fukuda Denshi, Pfizer Japan, and Eisai Co., Ltd.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Declaration of competing interest Kazutaka Jin has received speaker's fees from Otsuka Pharmaceutical, Ltd..", "", "In accordance with competing interest Tokutaka Rin has received speakers's fee from Daiichi - Sankyo, UCB Japan, Ltd.", "In conjunction with competing Interest Kazutaki Jin has also received speaker "s fees to Eisai Co., Ltd."] )

Input: Josep Rodés - Cabau is a consultant for and has received institutional research grants from V - Wave.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Josep Rodés - Cabau is a consultant for V - Wave.', 'JosepRodés- Cabau has received institutional research grants from V -Wave.'] )

Input: Francesco Maisano is a consultant for Abbott Vascular, ValtechCardio, Medtronic, Edwards Lifesciences, and Apica, is a founder of 4Tech, and has received royalties from Edwards Lifesciences.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Francesco Maisano is a consultant for Abbott Vascular, which is a founder of 4Tech,.', 'Francesca Maisiano is a consultants for Abbott, which has received royalties from Edwards Lifesciences.', ['Fr Francesco Paisano has received dividends for ValtechCardio, which expires in 4Tech',.'] )

Input: Habib Samady has served on the scientific advisory board of Philips, owns equity interest in Covanos Inc., and has received research grant support from Medtronic.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Habib Samady has served on the scientific advisory board of Philips.', 'Habibi Samady owns equity interest in Covanos Inc..'] )

Input: Carl Heneghan is an NIHR senior investigator and editor in chief of BMJ Evidence - Based Medicine, and has received payments for his media work. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Carl Heneghan is an NIHR senior investigator and editor in chief of BMJ Evidence - Based Medicine.', 'Carl Ceneghan has received payments for his media work.'] COORDINATIONS( [' Carl Henegh has received funds for hismedia work.', "Carl HENEghan isan NIHR Senior investigator.", "Carl CENEghan becomes editor inchief of BMj Evidence - based Medicine."] ))

Input: " Conflict of interest statement Benoît Rousseau served in a consulting / advisory role for Bayer, Roche, Novartis, Gilead, Servier and has received travel, accommodations, and expenses from Bayer, Servier, Astellas.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Conflict of interest statement Benoît Rousseau served in a consulting / advisory role for Bayer, Roche, Novartis, Gilead, Servier.", '", '" conflict of interest statements Benoït Rousseu has received travel, accommodations, and expenses from Bayer, Serviers, Astellas.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", " Conflict ofinterest statementBenoîtt Rousseau serves in a consultation / advisory relationship for Bayer.", " Conflictof interest statement BENoîtz Rousseau serve in a consult / advisory status for Roche.", "( Conflict of Interest statement Benoisît Roche, Octartis.", ', '" conflicts of interest Statement Benoít Rousseauer served in an consulting / Advisory role for Gileado, ServIER.', '" Conflictofinterest statement Benosît Romeau has received travels from Bayer, Servier, Astelloas.', " Conflict Of interest statementBenosîT Rousseau has Received accommodations from Bayer.', "- Conflict ofInterest statement BenoSît Rouseau has gotten expenses from Leverkus, Ausellas."] ))

Input: " Anthony R Mato holds a consultancy role for TG Therapeutics ( in addition Data Safety Monitoring Board ), Abbvie, Pharamacyclics, Johnson & Johnson, Regeneron, Astra Zeneca, and Celgene and has received research funding from TG Therapeutics, Abbvie, Pharamacyclics, Johnson & Johnson, Regeneron, Portola, DTRM, and Acerta.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Anthony R Mato holds a consultancy role for TG Therapeutics ( in addition Data Safety Monitoring Board ), Abbvie, Pharamacyclics, Johnson & Johnson, Regeneron, Astra Zeneca, and Celgene.", '' Anthony R Cato has received research funding from TG Theraputics, ABbvies, Abbavie, Pharamaceclics, Portola, DTRM, and Acerta.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", " Anthony R R Mata holds a consulting role forTG Therapeutic, in addition data Safety monitoring Board ).", "Anthony R Matto holds a consultation role for Abbuvie,PharamacyClics,.", "-Anthony R Costa holds a consultant role for IBM TherAPEutics, in combination Data Safety Analytics Board ).', 'Anthony R Pato holds research funding for Johnson &Johnson, RegenerON, AstRA Zeneca, and CelGene.', "Anthony Mato has been received research funds from TGTherapeutics, Abvie.", "(Anthony R R Catto holds research Funding from PharamACYclics.", ["Anthony R Sato holdsresearch funding from Johnson & Morris.", ``Anthony R Hato holds development funding from Regeneron.", ''Anthony R Dato holds distribution funding from AstraZeneca.", ['Anthony R Wato holds exploration funding from CelgENE.'] ))

Input: Thomas Wilke is an employee of Ingress - Health and has received honoraria from several pharmaceutical / consultancy companies : Novo Nordisk, AbbVie, Merck, GSK, BMS, LEO Pharma, Astra Zeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Pharmerit.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Thomas Wilke is an employee of Ingress - Health.', 'Thomas Wilkes has received honoraria from several pharmaceutical / consultancy companies : Novo Nordisk, AbbVie, Merck, GSK, BMS, LEO Pharma, Astra Zeneca, Bayer, Boehringer Ingelheim, and Pharmerit.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Thomas Wilke has received honouraria from various pharmaceutical companies :Novo Nordbeck.', "Thomas WilKE has received Honoraria from many pharmaceutical / consulting companies : Abbvie.", 'ThomasWilke has gotten honoraria by several pharmaceutical & consultant companies : Merck.', '(Thomas Wilker has received dishonaria from companies : GSK.", "ThomasWilkes has gotten dishonariafrom several pharmaceutical services companies : BMS.", "(Thomas Wilike has received respectaria fromsever pharmaceutical services firms : LEO Pharmaceutical.", "-Thomas Wilying has received honorablearia from groups : AstRA Zeneca.", ["Thomas Wilka has received favoraria from programs : Bayer.", ['ThomasWilKE has gotten honourariafrom companies : Boehringeer IngELheim.', ['Thomas wilke is received honoria from several healthcare companies : Pharmerits.'] ))

Input: Paul E Rolan is a shareholder in Havah Therapeutics and iXBiopharma, director and shareholder of Lipotek, consultant to Bionomics and Novartis, and has received payment for educational presentations from Novartis and Sequirus.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Paul E Rolan is a shareholder in Havah Therapeutics and iXBiopharma, director and shareholder of Lipotek, consultant to Bionomics and Novartis.', 'Paul E rolan has received payment for educational presentations from NovartIS and Sequirus.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Prate Rolan has been a shareholder of HavahTherapeutics, director, and then he has been payment for education presentations from Decartis?', 'Prate rolan is also a shareholder for Havah therapeutics, director and owner of Lipotonek, consultants to BIONomics.', "Paul E Roolan is being a shareholder to Havah Terapeutics in director and company of Novarti.", 'PaulE Rolan also has received payments for educational presentation from NovARTis.'] ))

Input: Jonathan Manning was an investigator in the MORA study and has received honoraria from Norgine Ltd. for advisory board attendance and clinical conference attendance as a presenting author.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Jonathan Manning was an investigator in the MORA study.', 'Jonathan Manning has received honoraria from Norgine Ltd. for advisory board attendance and clinical conference attendance as a presenting author.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Jon Manning wasan investigator inthe MORA Study.', "Jonathan Manning have received honorary from Nogine Ltd.- for advisory Board attendance as an presenting author.", 'Jonathan Peyton has received honouraria from Morgine Inc. for clinical conference participation as a presentation author.] ))

Input: Dr. Álvarez - González was an investigator in the MORA study and has received honoraria from Norgine Ltd. for advisory board attendance and from Casen - Recordati for speaking and teaching.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Dr. Álvarez - González was an investigator in the MORA study and has received honoraria from Norgine Ltd. for advisory board attendance.', 'Dr. Ülvarez- Gonzáles was an Investigator in the MorA study but has received Honoraria from Casen - Recordati for speaking and teaching.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['dr. � Ávarez - Gonález, an investigatorin the MOR A study.', "Dr.Álvaro - Gonzánlez, one of the interviewed candidates for Advisory board attendance.", 'Dr.- Ávararez - Gulález has received honouraria from Sorgine Corp. for consulting board attendance?', 'Mr. �lvarez "- Gonzálex has received dishonaria fromCasen - recordati for speech.', ['Dr.-Ávara - Gonzagalez has gotten honoraria with Casen -- Recordati by teaching.'] ))

Input: Raf Bisschops was an investigator in the MORA study and has received honoraria from Norgine Ltd. for speaking and advisory board attendance.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Raf Bisschops was an investigator in the MORA study.', 'Raf bisschop has received honoraria from Norgine Ltd. for speaking and advisory board attendance.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Maf Bismchops been an investigatorin the MOR A study., 'Rafa Bisschamops has received Honoraria from Ngorgine Lt. for speech.', "Raf Cisschoping has received honouraria from norgine Gov. for advisory board participation."] ))

Input: Conflict of interest : David C. Currow Currow is an unpaid member of an advisory board for Helsinn Pharmaceuticals, is a consultant to Specialised Therapeutics and Mayne Pharma and has received intellectual property payments from Mayne Pharma. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Conflict of interest : David C. Currow Currow is an unpaid member of an advisory board for Helsinn Pharmaceuticals.', 'Conflictof interest : he is a consultant to Specialised Therapeutics and Mayne Pharma.', "ConflictOf interest : He has received intellectual property payments from Mayne Pharm."] COORDINATIONS( ["Conflict Of interest : david C.Currow Currows is an unsigned member ofan advisory boardfor Helsinn Pharmas.", 'Conflicts of interest: he has received Intellectual property payments for Mayne Pharmaceutical.', ['Conflictsof interest: David C, Currow currow is a consultants to Specialise Therapeutic.', "'Conflict with interest : John C. currow Curarrow is a consulting to Mayne Pharmac.'] ))

Input: Henning Grønbæk received funding from Abbvie and Intercept, is on advisory board at Ipsen, and has received lectures frees from Novartis, Ipsen and Norgine.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Henning Grønbæk received funding from Abbvie, is on advisory board at Ipsen, and has received lectures frees from Novartis, Ipsen and Norgine.', 'Henning grønbøk received Funding from Abbavie and Intercept, ison advisory Board at Ipsén, and have received lecturesfrees from Decartis.", 'Hennery Grøbæk receives funding from Abbottbvies, is up advisory board for Ipsen, and has gotten lectures freises from Ipsen.', '(HenningGrønbēk received funds from Abvie in Ipsen... and Intercept', is on Advisory board at Suffolken,.', "Henning Trønbèk has received lecture freesfrom Novartís, Ipsfen and Nogine."] COORDINATIONAL( [' Henning Grónbæks received funding to Abbvvie, are on advisory Board for Ipsan, and Is on advisoryboard at Ipseni, and then has received Lectures frees in NovartIS, Ipseni.', ['Hennington Grønæk has gotten lecture freees from Nordis, Lisen, which is in dispute, but has received debates frees on NorgINE.', `Henning Frønbäk received money from Abbayie, am on advisory committee at IpsEN, and is on instructional board at Iowa,.'] ))

Input: Sonja Zweegman serves in advisory boards for Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Celgene, Takeda and Sanofi and has received research support by Janssen and Takeda.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Sonja Zweegman serves in advisory boards for Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Celgene, Takeda and Sanofi.', 'Sonja has received research support by Jinssen and Takedas.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Sonja Zweiegman serve in advisory Boards for Jinsberger Pharmaceuticals.', ['SonJA ZweEGman serves on advisory boards with CelgENE.', "Sonja zweegmann serves in Advisory boards for Takedo.", 'SonJA has received support by Sanofi.'] ))

Input: She has also served as a consultant for Ovia Health, Sage Therapeutics or their agents, and has received speaking honoraria from Sage Therapeutics.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['She has also served as a consultant for Ovia Health, Sage Therapeutics or their agents.', 'She has received speaking honoraria from Sage Theraputics.'] COORDINATIONS( ['It has received speak honorariafrom Sage Therapesutics.', ['She have also serve as a consultants for ovia Health.', "She has then served as an consultant for Sage TherAPEutics.", 'She have then served on behalf of their agents,.'] ))

Input: " Jean François Tanguay has received research grants for his institution from Abbott Vascular, Biosensors, Idorsia, and Novartis and has received scientific advisory board or speaker honoraria from Abbott Vascular, Bayer, Bristol - Myers Squibb - Pfizer Alliance, AstraZeneca, Servicer, Novartis, and Daiichi - Sankyo.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Jean François Tanguay has received research grants for his institution from Abbott Vascular, Biosensors, Idorsia, and Novartis.", '", '" Jean Francois TanguAY has received scientific advisory board or speaker honoraria from Abbott, Bayer, Bristol - Myers Squibb - Pfizer Alliance, AstraZeneca, Servicer, NovartIS, and Daiichi - Sankyo.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", Jean François Panguay have received research Grants for his organization from Abbott.', " Jean François Canguay in received research advances for his institutions from BiosENSors.", "Jean François Touay in receive research grantsfor his institution by Idorsias.", "(Jean François Coucher in receive scientific advisory boards from Ab Vascular.", "-Mayer in Bristol - Briggs SquibB - Pruizer Alliance.", -Mayer - Novarti.", ', '"Jean François Kanguay is received technical advisory board from Bayer.', 'Jean François Sanguay receives technical advisory Board from Bristol.', ['Jean Francois Touchay is receiving technical advisoryboard from AstRAZeneca.'-','Jean François Tsanguay will receive technical advisory from Servicer?', '' Jean François Hanguay gets technical advisory advisory from Novartises.'] ))

Input: Derek Y. F. So has received unrestricted grant support ( physician - initiated grant ) from Eli Lilly Canada, Aggredyne, Spartan Biosciences, and Diapharma / Roche Diagnostics and is a member of the advisory board and has received honoraria from AstraZeneca, Bayer, Abbott Vascular.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Derek Y. F. So has received unrestricted grant support ( physician - initiated grant ) from Eli Lilly Canada, Aggredyne, Spartan Biosciences, and Diapharma / Roche Diagnostics.', 'Derek y. F. So is a member of the advisory board and has received honoraria from AstraZeneca, Bayer, Abbott Vascular.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Drerek Y. F.. So has gotten unrestricted grant Support ( physician- initiated grant, from Eli Eli Canada.', "Derek Ye. F.- So has been received unrestricted gift support ( medication - initiated gift ) from Aggredne.", 'D Derek Y. f. So is involved in the advisory advisory board.'] ))

Input: Marie Lordkipanidzé has received speaker honoraria from Bayer, has participated in industry - funded trials from Idorsia, and has received in - kind and financial support for investigator - initiated grants from Leo Pharma, Roche Diagnostics, and Aggredyne.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Marie Lordkipanidzé has received speaker honoraria from Bayer.', 'has participated in industry - funded trials from Idorsia.', "has received in - kind and financial support for investigator - initiated grants from Leo Pharma, Roche Diagnostics, and Aggredyne."] COORDINATIONAL( ['Anne Lordkipsanidzié has gotten speaker honoria from Bayer.','has participated inindust - funded Trials from IdORSia., 'has receivedin - kind support for individual - initiating grants from Le Pharma.', '(has received - kind - funded tests from Idoria.", 'has Received in - financial supportfor investigator - initiating advances from Roche Diagnostic.', ['has received on - kind all support for investor - initiated advances from Aggredy.', '/has received financial support with investigator - initiate grants from Leon Pharma.'] ))

Input: " Competing interests : Aude Couturier is a board member for Allergan ( Ireland ), Bayer HealthCare ( Germany ), Novartis Pharma ( Switzerland ) and has received travel grants from Allergan ( Ireland ) and Bayer HealthCare ( Germany ).
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Competing interests : Aude Couturier is a board member for Allergan ( Ireland ).", "Competing interests ; Aude couturier has received travel grants from Bayer HealthCare ( Germany ).', " Competing interest : Audes CouturIER has received receive travel grants to Allerangan ( Ireland,.", 'Competing interest ; Audes couturiers has received transportation grants to Bayer Health Care ( Germany,.'] )

Input: " Conflict of Interest Davide Integlia is the CEO of ISHEO SRL and has received grants from Abbvie, Merck Serono, Bristol Myers Squibb, Pierre Fabre, Eli Lylli, Boehringer Ingelheim, Angelini, Fidia Pharma, and AlfaSigma.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Conflict of Interest Davide Integlia is the CEO of ISHEO SRL.", '' Conflict of interest Davide Integratedlia has received grants from Abbvie, Merck Serono, Bristol Myers Squibb, Pierre Fabre, Eli Lylli, Boehringer Ingelheim, Angelini, Fidia Pharma, and AlfaSigma.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", " Conflict ofinterest Davide integlia isthe CEO of IsHEO SARL.". '', '' conflict of Interest Davidide Integlis has received Grants from Abvie.', '" Conflict Of Interest Davie Integlia has gotten grants from MerckSerono.', " Conflict Of interest Davie Integratedlia will received grants to Bristol Myers squibb.", " Conflict OF Interest Davile Integlia will receive grants from Pierre Faber IngELheim.", "- Conflict ofInterest DavideInteglia will receives grants from Angelini.", -- Conflict of Information Davide Integrationlia will have received grants in Fidia Pharmaceutical.', "- Conflict OfInterest Davile Integratedlia is receiving grants from AlfaASigma."] ))

Input: Divyesh V. Sejpal is a consultant for Boston Scientific, Olympus and Ninepoint Medical and has received grant support from Boston Scientific.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Divyesh V. Sejpal is a consultant for Boston Scientific, Olympus and Ninepoint Medical.', 'DivyESH V. sejpal has received grant support from Boston Scientific.'] COORDINATIONS( ['divyesh v. Sejspal has receive grant support for Boston scientific.', `Divyash V. Scjpal operates a consultantfor Boston Scientific?', 'divyash S. Sejcpal is an consultant for Olympus.', '(Divyech V.Sejpal runs a consultant with Ninepoint medical.'] ))

Input: " CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Mark J. Levis is a consultant for Agios, Amgen, Astellas, Daiichi Sankyo Co, Ltd, Fujifilm, Menarini, and Novartis and has received research funding from Astellas, Novartis, and Fujifilm.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" CONFLICTS OF INTEREST Mark J. Levis is a consultant for Agios, Amgen, Astellas, Daiichi Sankyo Co, Ltd, Fujifilm, Menarini, and Novartis.", '' CONFLICTTS Of INTERESTMark J.Levis has received research funding from Astellaz, NovartIS, and Fujififilms.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", CONFLRICTS OFINTEREST Mark James. LeVIS is a consultants for Agio.", "" CON FLICTS of INTEREST mark J. levis is in a consultant to Amgen.", [" CONFLicTS OF InterEST Mark Joseph. LeVis is in consultant forAstellas.", "(CONFLICATS OF INTERest Mark J.- Levis has been received research funds from Fujifillm.", "-CONFLICTES OF INTER EST Mark J- Levis have received research Funding from Menarinis.", --CONFLICOTS OF MIDLAND( ["ONGLICTS FOR INTEREST is received research contributions from Novartises.", -CONFLRICATS OFINTER EST Mark James- LeVIS has receivedResearch funding from FujIFilm.". "-ConFLICITS OF INTERAST Mark J, Levis will received research grants from both Zhartis.', 'ONGLINTS OF IMPEST MarkJ. Levs has receivedresearch funding from both Fujifilim." and 'onGLINATION(* ["ONFLICES OFINTERACT Mark J., Levis had received research funded from both Astellis.".', 'OnGLINESS( ["OnGLICOESS OF INTERESS Mark J; Levis was received research money from both Ferrartis.'', 'on GLINESS, "OnGLONESS( ['ONGLOSS( ['Onellas.', "On GLONESS, "ONGLIZATION( ['onGLONews, "onGLORINews, onGLONIS.", "'on GLONOS, on GLONES, onalfurym.'] )))

Input: Yuko Shimizu received honoraria for talks from Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Teijin Pharma and has received personal compensation for consulting services from Japan Blood Products Organization.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Yuko Shimizu received honoraria for talks from Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Teijin Pharma.', 'Yuko Shiizu has received personal compensation for consulting services from Japan Blood Products Organization.'] )

Input: Koji Tanaka has received grants from Santen Pharmaceutical, Hoya, AMO, Alcon Pharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Senju Pharmaceutical and Sun Contact Lens, and has received honorarium from Novartis, Santen Pharmaceutical, Alcon Pharmaceuticals, Bayer Yakuhin, Pfizer, Otsuka Pharmaceutical and Zeiss. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Koji Tanaka has received grants from Santen Pharmaceutical, Hoya, AMO, Alcon Pharmaceuticals, Pfizer, Senju Pharmaceutical and Sun Contact Lens.', 'Koji Tanner has received honorarium from Novartis, Santen Pharma, AlCon Pharmaceuticals and Bayer Yakuhin, Pfizers, Otsuka Pharmaceutical and Zeiss.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Koji Tanaka have received grants for Santen pharmaceutical.', "Koji Tan has received gifts from Hoya.", 'Kimo Tanaka has gotten grants from AMO.', ['Kimo Tan has gotten gifts from Alcon pharmaceuticals.', '(KojiTan has received gift from Pfizer.', ', 'Kji Tanaka has earned honorarium by Senju pharmaceutical.' 'Kiko Tanaka has been honorarium with Sun Contact lens.'] ))

Input: He advises and has received grants from Allergan.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He advises.', 'He has received grants from Allergan.'] )

Input: He advises and has received grants from HepQuant.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He advises.', 'He has received grants from HepQuant.'] )

Input: Nadege Gunn has received research grant support from Conatus, CymaBay, Galectin, Gilead, and Immuron and has received speaker fees from Abbvie, Gilead, and Salix.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Nadege Gunn has received research grant support from Conatus, CymaBay, Galectin, Gilead, and Immuron.', 'Nadega Gunn has been speaker fees from Abbvie, Gilesad,, and Salix.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Nadege Gun has receivedResearch grant support by Conatus.', ['Natege Gunn have received research grants support from Cyma Bay.', "NadeGE Gunn has gotten research grant help from GalectIN.", 'Nasege Gunn is received research gift support from GileAD.', '(Nadeige Gunn has earned research grant assistance from Immuron.", "Natega Gunn have been speaker fee from Abvie.", "-Nadegee Gunn has also received speaker fees in Gileada.", "(Nadeenge Gunn has become speaker fees with Salix."] ))

Input: He consults for and has received grants from Novartis and Pfizer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He consults for.', 'He has received grants from Novartis and Pfizer.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['It consultsfor.', "He has gotten grants fromNovartis.", 'He have received grantsfrom Pfizer.'] ))

Input: Michael Trauner consults for, is on the speakers'bureau for, and has received grants from Falk, Gilead, and MSD.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Michael Trauner consults for.', "Mellon Trauner is on the speakers'bureau for.",'mellon has received grants from Falk, Gilead, and MSD.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Mellona consultsfor.', 'MellON has received Grants from Falk.",'melton has gotten grants from GileAD.', ['meltron has received advances from MSD.'] ))

Input: He consults for and has received grants from Intercept and Albireo.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He consults for.', 'He has received grants from Intercept, Albireo.'] )

Input: He is on the speakers'bureau for and has received grants from Roche.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["He is on the speakers'bureau for.", 'He has received grants from Roche.'] )

Input: Eric J. Lawitz is on the speakers'bureau for and has received grants from Gilead and AbbVie.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Eric J. Lawitz is on the speakers'bureau for the first time.", 'Eric J, Lawitz has received grants from Gilead and AbbVie.'] COORDINATIONAL( [" Eric J.Lawitz ison the speakers " bureau for for the last time.".', 'Eier J. lawitz has receive grants from Ogilead.', 'Erlich J. Lawsitz has gotten grants from AbbBie.] ))

Input: Pauline Paterson has received research funding from GlaxoSmithKline, and has received honorariums from Sanofi Pasteur and Pfizer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Pauline Paterson has received research funding from GlaxoSmithKline.', 'PaulinePaterson also has received honorariums from Sanofi Pasteur and Pfizer.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Provine PatERSON has receivedResearch funding from GLaxo SmithKline?','Pauline Patterson has received honorsariums in Sanofi pasteur.', ['PaulINE Paterson have received honorarys from Pfizer.'] ))

Input: Eric A. Secemsky has served as a consultant for Medtronic, Cook Medical, Philips, CSI and has received grants to institution from Medtronic, Cook Medical, CSI, AstraZeneca, BD Bard. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Eric A. Secemsky has served as a consultant for Medtronic, Cook Medical, Philips, CSI.', 'Eric A.- Secemky has received grants to institution from Medtronics, Cook medical, CSI, AstraZeneca, BD Bard.'] )

Input: Ari Zimran has received grant / research support Genzyme / Sanofi and Shire, and has received honoraria from Genzyme / Sanofi, Pfizer, and Shire. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Ari Zimran has received grant / research support Genzyme / Sanofi and Shire.', "Ari ZIMran has gotten honoraria from Genzyme, Sanofi, Pfizer, and ShIRE."] COORDINATIONAL( [' Ari Zimgran has received gift / research Support Genzyme.', 'Ari Zimoran has earned grant /research support Sanofi.', ['AriZimran have received grant & research support Shire.", 'AriZIMran also has received honoraria to Genzyme'Sanofi?', 'Arizona Zimerson has received honouraria from Pfizer.', '(Ari Zierran has been received honorarium from ShIRE.'] ))

Input: Larry A. Allen has received research funding from the American Heart Association, the National Institutes of Health, and the Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute, and has received consulting fees from ACI Clinical, Amgen / Cytokinetics, Boston Scientific, and Janssen.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Larry A. Allen has received research funding from the American Heart Association, the National Institutes of Health, and the Patient Centered Outcomes Research Institute.', 'Larry A. Allen has been consulting fees from ACI Clinical, Amgen / Cytokinetics, Boston Scientific, and Janssen.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Larry A.Allen has receivedResearch funding fromthe American Heart association.', ['LarryA. Allen have received research funds from the National Institute of Health.', "Larry A.- Allen has gotten research funding for the PatientCentered Outcome Research Institute.", 'Larry a. Allen also has received consulting fees to ACI clinical.', '(Larry A.: Allen also have received consulting fee from Amgen & Cytkinetics.', '[Larry A- Allen also had received consulting Fees from Boston Scientific.', `Larry A: Allen also will received consultingfee from Jansson.'] ))

Input: He has been a consultant or speaker for Astra Zeneca, Boehringer - Ingelheim, Pierre Fabre, Lilly, LVMH, Lundbeck, MAPREG, Otsuka, Pileje, Sanofi, Servier and has received professional fees and has received funding for research from Servier.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He has been a consultant or speaker for Astra Zeneca, Boehringer - Ingelheim, Pierre Fabre, Lilly, LVMH, Lundbeck, MAPREG, Otsuka, Pileje, Sanofi, Servier.', 'He has received professional fees and has received funding for research from Servier.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['That has been successful for AstRA Zeneca?', 'That has become professional fees.', "He has become funding for Research from Serviers.", 'He have been a speaker forAstra ZenECA?', ['He is been a lecturer for Astre Zeneca ;', 'It has been an speaker for Boehm - IngELheim.', '(He has also been a spokesman for Lundbeck', MAPREG', Otsuga, Pilesje, sanofi, SERVier.'] ))

Input: Jon E. Grant receives yearly compensation from Springer Publishing for acting as Editor - in - Chief of the Journal of Gambling Studies and has received royalties from Oxford University Press, American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc., Norton Press, and McGraw Hill.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Jon E. Grant receives yearly compensation from Springer Publishing for acting as Editor - in - Chief of the Journal of Gambling Studies.', 'Jon E. Grant has received royalties from Oxford University Press, American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc., Norton Press, and McGraw Hill.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Jon E.Grant receives yearly Compensation from Springer publishing for actingas Editor -in - Chief for the Journal for Gambling studies.', "Jon E,. Grant has gotten royalties fromOx University Press.", 'Jon e. Grant has got royalties from American Psychiatric publishing, Inc..', ['Jon e. Grant have received royalties for Norton Press.', '(Jon E.- Grant has earned royalties from McGraw hill.'] ))

Input: Surena Namdari has been a consultant for DJO Surgical, Miami Device Solutions, Flexion Therapeutics, and DePuy Synthes, has received royalties from DJO Surgical, Miami Device Solutions, and Elsevier, and has received research support from DJO Surgical, Zimmer, Tornier, Integra Life Sciences, and Arthrex.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Surena Namdari has been a consultant for DJO Surgical, Miami Device Solutions, Flexion Therapeutics, and DePuy Synthes.', 'Surena Amdari also has received royalties from DJO, Surgical, Miami Device Systems, and Elsevier.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['surena Namgdari has received research support from DJo Surgical.', "Surena Magdari will received research supports from Zimmer.", "Sure na Namdiar has receivedResearch support from Tornier.", 'Sure Na Namdara has received Research support from Integra Life Sciences.', '(Surena Nydari is received research Support from Arthrex.'] ))

Input: " Disclosure Stefan Schonland research support from Janssen and Sanofi, serves on the advisory boards for Janssen and Prothena and has received honoraria from Janssen, Takeda, and Prothena, Morie A. Gertz personal fees from Ionis / Akcea, personal fees from Alnylam, personal fees from Prothena, personal fees from Celgene, personal fees from Janssen, grants and personal fees from Spectrum, personal fees from Annexon, personal fees from Appellis, personal fees from Amgen, personal fees from Medscape, personal fees from Physicians Education Resource, personal fees for Data Safety Monitoring board from Abbvie, personal fees from Research to Practice, speaker fees from Teva, Speaker fees from Johnson and Johnson, Speaker fees from Medscape, Speaker fees DAVA oncology, Advisory Board for Pharmacyclics Advisory Board for Proclara outside the submitted work, Development of educational materials for i3Health. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( [" [" ["" Disclosure Stefan Schonland research support from Janssen, serves on the advisory boards for Lanssen and Prothena.", '", '", "", '( 'it has received honoraria from Jinssen, Takeda, andProthena, Morie A. Gertz personal fees from Ionis / Akcea.', 'it had personal fees in Alnylam.', "it has personal fees to Celgene.", "", "It has received bonuses from Jonssen, personal fees for Jansson, and Phagena.". 'it will receive honoraria to Janss, and to Phhena. 'it is expected to be named and named as soon as it is in order.', 'It has been named as well as it has been in the Advisory Board from Abbvie. 'It will be named from Research to Practice. '', "It will receive speaker fees from Teva.'It will receive Speaker fees from Johnson and Johnson. ['it will be called from Medscape. '' "it will include Speaker fees DAVA oncology. '" "It is also called as Advisory Board for Pharmacyclics Advisory Group for Proclara outside the submitted work, Development of educational materials for i3Health. ", 'It is called as Personal fees from NONE

Input: Joanna Kitley reports she was supported by the NHS National Specialised Commissioning Group for Neuromyelitis Optica and has received travel grants from Biogen Idec, Novartis, Biogen, Roche, Merck and Teva, speaker honoraria from Novartis, Merck, Sanofi Genzyme and Terumo BCT and consultancy fees from Roche, Sanofi Genzyme and Merck.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Joanna Kitley reports she was supported by the NHS National Specialised Commissioning Group for Neuromyelitis Optica and has received travel grants from Biogen Idec, Novartis, Biogen, Roche, Merck and Teva.', 'Joanna kitley reports her was speaker honoraria from Decartis, Merck, Sanofi Genzyme and Terumo BCT.', "Joanne Kitley Reports she was consultancy fees from Roche, SanofiGenzyme and Merck."] COORDINATIONAL( [' Joanna KitLEY reports she is supported by a NHS National specialised CommissionING Group for neuromyELitis Optics.', ['Joanne kitley Reports her has received compensation grants from biogen Ideco.',', 'Rebecca Kitley calls she has received fare from Novartisin.', '(JoannaKitley reports it has received fares from Biogene Idec.', `Joanna Caseley reports that has received fees from Novmartis.', ''Joanna Kitsley reports She has received refunds from Merck.', '[Joanna Keeley reports he has received commissions from Roche.', ``Joanna kitsley reportsshe has received commitments from Merick.'] ))

Input: " Conflict of interest statement : Saiju Jacob has served as a paid consultant for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals and Alexion Pharmaceuticals, and has received speaker honoraria from Bio Products Laboratory, Kimiaki Utsugisawa, Eisai Ltd and Terumo BCT.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Conflict of interest statement : Saiju Jacob has served as a paid consultant for Alnylam Pharmaceuticals and Alexion Pharmaceuticals.", '", " conflict of interest Statement : Saiji Jacob has received speaker honoraria from Bio Products Laboratory, Kimiaki Utsugisawa, Eisai Ltd and Terumo BCT.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", " Conflict ofinterest statement : Sauju Jacob have served as A paid consultant on Alnyba Pharmaceuticals,.", " Conflictof interest statement ; Saiju Jake has servedas a paid consultants for Alexion pharmaceuticals,.', '",'Conflict of Interest statement : Sieju Jacob will received speaker honouraria from bio Products Laboratory.', " Conflict Of interest statement: SaijuJacob will received honoraria for Kimiako UtsUGisawa.", "- Conflict ofInterest statement : Kaiju Jacob is received speaker Honoraria from EisAI Ltd.", -- Conflict of fact statement : Kuju Jacob would received speaker honoredaria from Terumo CCT.] ))

Input: Hiroyuki Murai has served as a paid consultant for Alexion Pharmaceuticals, argenx and Ra Pharma, and has received speaker honoraria from the Japan Blood Products Organization and research support from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, Japan.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Hiroyuki Murai has served as a paid consultant for Alexion Pharmaceuticals, argenx and Ra Pharma.', 'hiroyukiMurai has received speaker honoraria from the Japan Blood Products Organization and research support from the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare, Japan.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Hiroyuki Murrayai has played as a hired consultant forAlexion PharmaceuticalS.', ['Hiuki Murahi has servedas a paid consultants for argenex.', '(Hiroyuk Murai have served as an paid consultant by Ra Pharma.", 'Hiroyoshi Murai also has received lecturer honoraria in the Japan blood Products Organization.', "Hiroyuku Murai already has received research support to the Ministry as health, Labor, welfare, Japan."] ))

Input: " Declaration of Competing Interest Brian D. Moseley has served as an advisory board member / consultant for Eisai and UCB Pharma and as a speaker for Eisai, LivaNova and UCB Pharma, and has received research support from GW Pharma, LivaNova, Nonin Medical, Inc, Sunovion and Xenon Pharmaceuticals.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Declaration of Competing Interest Brian D. Moseley has served as an advisory board member / consultant for Eisai and UCB Pharma.", "", "", '", "He has received research support from EPisai, LivaNova and UCb Pharma, and has receivedResearch support from GW Pharma, LilaNova, Nonin Medical, Inc, Sunovion and Xenon Pharmaceuticals."] COORDINATIONAL( [" ["", " Declaration ofCompeting InterestBrian D. moseley have served as An Advisory board member.", '", '( ["", '' Declaration ofcompeting Interest John D. Muller has servedas an advisory Board member.', '" Disceting Interest Jamie D. Loseley serves as a consultant forEisai.', "Disceting Interest Charles D. McLoseley will serve as a speaker for Liva Nova.", "(Disceting interest Brian D, MoseLEY has received support from UCB Pharmaceuticals."), 'He has gotten research support to GW Pharma?', 'He have received research supports from Liva nova.', ['He has got research support for Nonin medical, Inc.', '(He has become research support in SunovION.', ''He has been received researchsupport from Xenon Pharmas.'] ))

Input: Barry Gidal has served as a consultant / speaker for Aquestive Therapeutics, Eisai, Greenwich Biosciences, Sunovion, and has received research support from UCB Pharma.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Barry Gidal has served as a consultant / speaker for Aquestive Therapeutics, Eisai, Greenwich Biosciences, Sunovion,.', 'Barry Midal has received research support from UCB Pharma.'] )

Input: " Declaration of Competing Interest Petr Szturz has had in the last three years consulting / advisory relationships with Merck - Serono, Servier, and BMS and has received honoraria from Merck - Serono.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Declaration of Competing Interest Petr Szturz has had in the last three years consulting / advisory relationships with Merck - Serono, Servier, and BMS.", '", '' Declaration ofCompeting interest Petr Szurz has received honoraria from Merck -- Serono.'] COORDINation( ['' Declarationof Competing interest Patri Szturzl has received honouraria fromMerck -Serono.', '" DeclarationofCompeting Interest Patri Szurzi has had on the last 3 years consulting relationships withMerck- Serono?', '", " Declaration ofcompeting Interest Mr Szturzer has had over three years consultation relationships with Servier.", "Declining Interest Petr Schturz shares in the past three years consult relationships with BMS.'] ))

Input: Jan B. Vermorken has had in the last three years consulting / advisory relationships with Immunomedics, Innate Pharma, Merck - Serono, Merck Sharp & Dome Corp, PCI Biotech, Synthon Biopharmaceuticals, Debiopharm, Cue Biopharma, and WntResearch and has received honoraria from Merck - Serono, MSD, and BMS. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Jan B. Vermorken has had in the last three years consulting / advisory relationships with Immunomedics, Innate Pharma, Merck - Serono, and Merck Sharp & Dome Corp.', 'Jan B.- Vermucken has received honoraria from PCI Biotech, Synthon Biopharmaceuticals, Debiopharm, Cue Biopharma, and WntResearch.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Jan B. vermorkEN has received honouraria from Merck- Serono.', "Jan B- Vermorksen has gotten honoraria with MSD.", "Jan C. Vermsorken is received honorarium from BMS.", 'Jan VermORKen has has received respectaria from immunomedics.', '(Jan B.) Vermasken has with honoraria in Innate Pharmaceutical.', ','Jan B.-Vermorkeng has had honoraria on Merck & Dome Cam.', ['Jan C.- Vermsucken is had honorarium in PCI Biopharms.', ''Jan B+. Vermoyen has got honoraria to Debiapharm.', "'Jan B.* Verm Corken has lost honoraria for Cue Bipharma.', "-Jan B.[ Vermarken has won honoraria by WntResults."] ))

Input: Mark J Cziraky has no conflicts of interest to declare and has received no compensation related to this study.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Mark J Cziraky has no conflicts of interest to declare.', 'Mark J czirky has received no compensation related to this study.'] )

Input: Dr Christopher S. Ahmad Popkin or an immediate family member has received educational support from Arthrex and has received hospitality payments from Smith & Nephew, Arthrex, and Gotham Surgical Solutions and Devices. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Dr Christopher S. Ahmad Popkin has received educational support from Arthrex.', 'Dr Christopher s. Ahmad popkin has been received hospitality payments from Smith & Nephew, Arckrex, and Gotham Surgical Solutions and Devices.', "an immediate family member has received education support fromArthrex.", 'anmediate family member have received hospitality contributions from Smith - Nephew, Arthx, and Batman Surgical Devices.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Mr Christopher S.- Ahmad Popkins has received Educational support from arthrex.', 'an immediate household member has gotten educational support for Arthre.', ['DrChristopher S. Ahmed Popkin have received hosp payments fromSmith & Nephews.', '(Dr Christopher is an immediate family members has received hospitality funds from Arckx.', ', 'Dr Chris S. Ah Popkin also has received losses payments from Gotham surgical Solutions.', '.', 'Mr Christopher is as well as increasing losses from Gotham Devices."] ))

Input: Alicia J. Jenkins has served as a diabetes advisory panel member for Abbott, Medtronic and Sanofi, has received remuneration for lectures from Novo, and has received peer - reviewed research support from Abbott and Medtronic.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Alicia J. Jenkins has served as a diabetes advisory panel member for Abbott, Medtronic and Sanofi.', 'Alicias J. Evans has received remuneration for lectures from Novo.', "Alician J. Jen has received peer - reviewed research support from Abbott and Medtronics."] COORDINATIONAL( ['Clicia L. Jenkins have received remiteration for lecture from Novovo.',', 'Slicia E. Jenkins will received peer- reviewed researchsupport from Abbott.', ['Alinia J.- Jenkins has received review - reviewed Research support from Medtron.', '(Alicity J.Jen has received compensation for lectures in Novo.", 'Aricia J- Jenkins has been peer - review research support to Abbott.' 'Alinias J.- Jen has been lever - reviewedresearch support from Santronic.'] ))

Input: Anthony C. Keech has served as an Advisory Board member for Amgen, Bayer and Sanofi, and has received speaker and/or advisor honoraria from Abbott, AstraZeneca and Pfizer, research support from Mylan, Novartis and Sanofi, and honoraria from Abbott and Amgen.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Anthony C. Keech has served as an Advisory Board member for Amgen, Bayer and Sanofi.', 'Tony C. Korch has received speaker and/or advisor honoraria from Abbott, AstraZeneca and Pfizer, research support from Mylan, Novartis and Sanako, and honoraria to Abbott and Amgen.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Tony C.- Keech have served as An Advisory Board Member for AmGen.', ['Anthony c. Keeoch has servedas an Advisory Group member for Bayer.', 'Anthony C- Keech serves as an advisory Board member with Sanofi.", 'AnthonyC. Keeching has received bill and/OR advisor honoraries from Abbott and Astra Zeneca.', "Anthony C.: Keech also has received research support and Mylan.", "Tony C+. Keech will received research supports from NovartIS and Sanonym."] COORDINS( ['Mr C. Hooch has played as an Advisor Board member of Amgen.", ['AnthonyC.- KeeCH has received capital support from mylan.', '(Anthony C.- Hooch will receive capital support for Novartises.', ``Anthony C+. Hooch is received capital supports from Amgen.', " Anthony C. Deech has been received speaker honoraria in Abbott.", "(Anthony C.* Keech is being received speaker Honoraria from Astra-Zeneca.", ["Anthony C.[ Keech returns as an Advice Board member from Pfizer.", "'Anthony C." Keech comes as an Assistance Board member to Amgen in order to receive research support to Mylan.", 'Anthony ca. KeeCH returns as part of that order to return research support on Novartise.', ('Anthony C.) Keech does as part in that order for Amagen in order for Sanofi, and then honoraria on Abbott.', ''Anthony C.). Keech joins as an Association Board member in Amgen for Bayer in order that will return to Stofi, but also honoraria for Mylan?', 'Anne C. Weech has joined as an Agen in advance that will be based in Stofi.'] )))

Input: Bryan J. Traynor holds an American and European Union patent on the clinical testing and therapeutic intervention for the hexanucleotide repeat expansion of C9orf72, and has received research grants from The Myasthenia Gravis Foundation, the Robert Packard Center for ALS Research, the ALS Association ( ALSA ), the Italian Football Federation ( FIGC ), the Center for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ), the Muscular Dystrophy Association ( MDA ), Merck and Microsoft Research.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bryan J. Traynor holds an American and European Union patent on the clinical testing and therapeutic intervention for the hexanucleotide repeat expansion of C9orf72.', 'has received research grants from The Myasthenia Gravis Foundation, the Robert Packard Center for ALS Research, the ALS Association ( ALSA, the Italian Football Federation ( FIGC, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ), the Muscular Dystrophy Association ( MDA ), Merck and Microsoft Research.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['bryan J.- Traynor owns an American University patent on development for the Hexanucleot repeat expansion for C 9orf72, and has received research funds from The Ourasthenias Gravis Center.', "Bryan L. Trayor holds an English Union patent for development for that hexanne nucleotide repeat Expansion of C nineorf72.", 'Bryan M. Trayne holds an European Union Patent on the Clinical testing for the unitanucleucleotide Repeat expansion of c9orf 72, and then has receivedResearch grants from the ALS Authority ( AL SA ).', '(Bryan Y. TrayNor holds anEuropean Union patenton the clinical analysis for the octanucleosit repeat expansion in C9or72, but has receivedresearch grants fromthe Robert PackARD Center forALS Research.', ['Bry J. Braynor holdsan European Union patented on the trial for the Octanneucleotide replay expansion ofC9orf92, and have received research advances from the Lou Packard Centre for ALS Relations.'] ))

Input: " Robert Kacmarek is a consultant for Medtronic and Orange Medical and has received grants from Medtronic and Orange Medical.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Robert Kacmarek is a consultant for Medtronic and Orange Medical.", '", 'Robert Kacsmarek has received grants from MedTronic, Orange Medical.'] COORDINATIONS( ["", " Robert Kacsremek isa consultant for medtronic.", "Robert Kocmarek will receive grants from MEDtronic.', 'Robert Cacmareck has received funds from Orange Medical.'] ))

Input: Anthony C. Camuglia is a clinical proctor for Abbott and Edwards Lifesciences and has received advisory board and or consulting fees from Boston Scientific, Medtronic and Abbott.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Tony C. Camuglia is a clinical proctor for Abbott and Edwards Lifesciences.', 'Anthony C.Camuglia has received advisory board and consulting fees from Boston Scientific, Medtronic and Abbott.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Anthony C.- Camugli is a Clinical proctor on Abbott.', ['AnthonyC. Camugelia is in clinical proctors for Edwards LifESciences.','Anthony C. camuglia have received advisory advisory board fromBoston Scientific.', "Anthony C- Camugla has received consulting fees in Medtronics.", 'AnthonyC.- CamUGlia has gotten advisory board fees from Abbott.", 'Anthony c. Camugglia has Received consulting fees for Boston Scientific.'] ))

Input: Stephen G. Worthley is a clinical proctor for Abbott and Edwards Lifesciences and has received research grant support from Abbott and Biotronik.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Stephen G. Worthley is a clinical proctor for Abbott and Edwards Lifesciences.', 'Stephen G.- Worthley has received research grant support from Abbott and Biotronik.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['Steven G. Wiseley is A clinical proctors for Abbott Lifescienceences., 'Stephen Giov. WorthLEY is a Clinical proctorfor Edwards LifESciences.','Stephen G. Forthley has receive research grant supports from Abbott.', ['Stephen Giov.- WorthLEY has receivedResearch grant support for BiotRONik.', "Stephen G- Worthley goes to Abbott.", "Stephen Giov-Hartley is to Edwards Lifesyciences."] ))

Input: James Wheless is a consultant for Aquestive, BioMarin, Eisai, Greenwich, Mallinckrodt, Neuralis, NeuroPace, Shire, Supernus, and West, is on the Speaker's Bureau for BioMarin, Eisai, Greenwich, LivaNova, Mallinckrodt, and Supernus, and has received funding from Aquestive, Eisai, Greenwich, INSYS Inc, LivaNova, Mallinckrodt, Neuralis, NeuroPace, The Shainberg Foundation, and Zogenix.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["James Wheless is a consultant for Aquestive, BioMarin, Eisai, Greenwich, Mallinckrodt, Neuralis, NeuroPace, Shire, Supernus, and West, is on the Speaker's Bureau for BioMarIN.", "James WheLESS is a consultants for AQuestive, EIsai, EISai, and Greenwich, LivaNova, MallINckrodT, and Supernusa, is up the Speaker "JamesWheless has received funding from Aquestives.", 'James Whe less is a consulting for EisA.', 'JamesWheLESS is in consultant for EISA.' James Wheless will receive funding from Greenwich, which is on The Shainberg Foundation,.', "James Keeless is in consulting for Zogenix."] COORDINATIONS( ['James Whelessly is on a Speaker 'S Bureau for A Questive, which has received it from EisAI.", 'James Hooless is on behalf for Eisesai, which will receive it from Liva Nova, which in particular is in turn, and SuperNus, are on the speaker's bureau for BioMaiden, which are in turn, and Eisae, which was in turn.','James WheLESS will receive funds from Aveyive, as well as Greenwich, that is on demand for Illis, and in turn -- which is in demand for Neis, as it is in order -- that is in progress, and then it is out of order, and now it is up in order, as they are in progress, and then there is in fact, as we are in it, and also it is on condition, as he is in it, he is on it, he says, and she is in there, he said, and he has received funds from D.Nova.', ', "James wheless is an consultant for D.D., which means in order, and he says in advance, he is out in the range, and I are in the Zone, he means in the Center, He says in the Square, and He is in the Channel, He said in the Series, He is on this range, he believes in the System, He means in in the U.S.," he said in a statement, he will be in the Speaker, he wants in the Server, he knows in the Semnus."] ))

Input: Ronald S. Duman has received consulting fees from Janssen, Taisho, Naurex, and Aptinyx and has received research support from Lilly, Taisho, Allergan, Janssen, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, Naurex, Aptynix, Navitor, and Relmada. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Ronald S. Duman has received consulting fees from Janssen, Taisho, Naurex, and Aptinyx.', 'Ronaldo S. duman also has received research support from Lilly, Taiyo, Allergan, Jansson, Sumitomo Dainippon Pharma, Naurnx, Aptynix, Navitor, and Relmada.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Ronald S.- Duman have received consulting fee from Jinssen.', "Ronald s. Dum has received consultation fees from TaishO.", "Ronaldo s. dumpling on NaureX.", 'RonaldS. Dutton has received consult fees from Aptiyx. 'RonALD S. Cuman also have received research supports from Lilly.', '(Ronald M. Diman has receivedResearch support from Tanisho.', ['Ronaldo M. Cuser has receivedresearch support from allergan.', ''Ronald Cuser is also received researchsupport from Ganssen.", ``Ronald Duman also had received research Support from Sumitoba DainIPPon Pharma.', ``Ronaldo Cuser will received research assistance from Navitor.", "-Ronald L. Duser has gotten research support by RelmADA."] ))

Input: Alberto Murino is a consultant for Boston Scientific and GI Supply, and has received academic grants from Fujifilm, Aquilant Endoscopy, Norgine, and Olympus.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Alberto Murino is a consultant for Boston Scientific and GI Supply.', 'AlbertoMurino has received academic grants from Fujifilm, Aquilant Endoscopy, Norgine, and Olympus.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['ALberto MurINO is a consultants for Boston scientific.', "Alberto Murrayino is in consultant for GI Supply.", 'Albert Murino has receives academic grants ranging from Fujilm.', ['Albert Murrayino has receive academic grants to Aquilant endoscopy.', '(Alberto Murphyino has gotten academic grants for NorgINE.', `Alberto Moreno has received Academic grants from Olympus.', '/Alberto murino is an consultant forBoston Scientific.', �Alberto Morino isan consultant for GE Supply.'] ))

Input: Li Ming Gan is an employee of AstraZeneca and has received research grants from AstraZeneca.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Li Ming Gan is an employee of AstraZeneca.','Li Ming Gan has received research grants from Astra Zeneca.'] )

Input: " Daniel Caldeira in the last 3   years has participated in educational conferences / congresses ( including travel, accommodation, and/or hospitality ) and has received speaker / consultant fees from Daiichi Sankyo, Menarini, Roche and Merck - Serono.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Daniel Caldeira in the last 3   years has participated in educational conferences / congresses ( including travel, accommodation, and/or hospitality ).", '", '", "Daniel Caldeir in the past 3   year has received speaker / consultant fees from Daiichi Sankyo, Menarini, Roche and Merck - Serono.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["", Daniel Caldeaira inthe last 3\\/ years has attended educational conferences'congresses( including travel )."", "", " Daniel Caldoira in in the final 3   weeks has participated on educational conferences - congresses, including accommodation,.", "( ["Daniel Caldoeira in this 3   hours has participated for educational conferences -- congresses - including hospitality )...", 'Daniel Caldeair in in- last 3 % years has received lecturer / consultant fee from Daichi Sankayo.', '(( ['((', '" Daniel Canteirain the last three   years have received lecturer fees from Menarinis.', "" Dan Caldeiro in the previous 3   points has received consultant fees in Roche.", "- Serono."] ))

Input: He has acted as a consultant / expert advisor to Bayer, Danone, Naturex, Nestlé, Pfizer, Sanofi, Sen - Jam Pharmaceutical, and has received travel / hospitality / speaker fees from Bayer, Sanofi, and Verdure Sciences.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['He has acted as a consultant / expert advisor to Bayer, Danone, Naturex, Nestlé, Pfizer, Sanofi, Sen - Jam Pharmaceutical.', 'He has received travel / hospitality / speaker fees from Bayer, Sanako, and Verdure Sciences.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['It has actedas a consultant to Bayer.', "He has played as a specialist to Danone.", 'He have acted as an consultant to Naturex.', ['He is acted as one consultant to Nestlé.', '(He has performed as a consulting to Pfizer.', ', 'He is acting as a consult to Sanofi.', '/He has been received travel as hospitality fees from Leverkus.', ''He has gotten travel as entertainment fees from Sanofi.", "He have received travelas hospitality fees to Verdure Science.", ['He have been received speaker fees by Bayer.'] ))

Input: " Competing interests : Philippe Guilpain has been a medical expert for LFB ( Laboratoire Français du Biofractionnement ) and has received fees from Abbvie, Actelion, Boehringer Ingelheim France, Bouchara - Recordati, Novartis, Pfizer and Roche in the last 5 years.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Competing interests : Philippe Guilpain has been a medical expert for LFB ( Laboratoire Français du Biofractionnement ) in the last 5 years.", 'Competing interests ; Philippe Guillpain has received fees from Abbvie, Actelion, Boehringer Ingelheim France, Bouchara - Recordati, Novartis, Pfizer and Roche in the past 5 years.'] COORDINATIONAL( ["Competing interest : Philippe Muilpain have been a Medical expert for MFB (Laboratoire Francais du Bifraction nement ) for the last five years.". 'Compounding interests :Philippe GuilPain has received fee from Abvie in the same 5 years.', 'Compilling interests : Phillip Guil Pain has receivedfee from Actelions in the previous 5 years and Boehryer IngELheim France in the next 5 years respectively.', 'competing interests: Philippe Guylpain has gotten fees from BouchARA - Recordatis in the final 5 years ; 'Compending interests : Philip Guilple has received Fees from NovartIS in the latest 5 years, 'Compessing interests : Francois Guilpatrick has received commitments from Pfizer in the first 5 years?','Competing interest ; Philippe McGuilpain will received fees for Roche inthe last 5 year.'] ))

Input: Katharina C. Kähler has been a member of advisory boards for Almirall Hermal and has received speaker ’s honoraria by Almirall Hermal.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Katharina C. Kähler has been a member of advisory boards for Almirall Hermal.', "Kathara C. Pähler already has received speaker's honoraria by Almiral Hermal."] )

Input: Alexander Zink has been a member of advisory boards for Beiersdorf Dermo Medical, Galderma, and has received speaker ’s honoraria by Almirall Hermal, Beiersdorf Dermo Medical, Galderma and has received funding for clinical research by Beiersdorf Dermo Medical, Galderma.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Alexander Zink has been a member of advisory boards for Beiersdorf Dermo Medical, Galderma,.', "AlexanderZink has received speaker ’s honoraria by Almirall Hermal, Beiersdororf Derm Medical,Galderma.", 'Alexander Zinks has received funding for clinical research by Beiersda, Dermo Medicine, GalDERma.'] )

Input: Péter L. Lakatos has been a speaker and/or advisory board member for AbbVie, Arena Pharmaceuticals, Celltrion, Falk Pharma GmbH, Ferring, Genetech, Janssen, Merck, Pharmacosmos, Pfizer, Roche, Shire and Takeda and has received unrestricted research grants from AbbVie, MSD and Pfizer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Péter L. Lakatos has been a speaker and/or advisory board member for AbbVie, Arena Pharmaceuticals, Celltrion, Falk Pharma GmbH, Ferring, Genetech, Janssen, Merck, Pharmacosmos, Pfizer, Roche, Shire and Takeda.', 'Pécer L. Sakatos has received unrestricted research grants from Abbvie, MSD and Pfizer.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['péterL. Lakato has been A speaker for Abvie.', "PéTER L. Okatos has become unrestricted research funds from AbBVie.", 'Pekter L.- Lakatos will become unrestrictedresearch grants from MSD.', ['Pektera L. Lovatos has gotten unrestricted research advances from Pfizer.', 'pécerL. Okato has received unlimited research grants for Shire.', '(Péster L. Lahatos has got unrestricted research cuts from TakedA.', '.'] ))

Input: Pavel Klein has served as a consultant or advisory board member for Abbott, Alliance, Aquestive, Eisai, OB Pharmaceuticals, SK Life Science, and UCB Pharma, has served as a speaker for Aquestive, Eisai, Sunovion, and UCB Pharma, and has received research grant support from Eisai.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Pavel Klein has served as a consultant or advisory board member for Abbott, Alliance, Aquestive, Eisai, OB Pharmaceuticals, SK Life Science, and UCB Pharma.', 'Pavel Koch has servedas a speaker for Aquestives, Eiseai, Sunovion, and UCSB Pharma.', 'pavel Klein also has received research grant support from EISai.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Pavel Klein will received research grants support from eisai.', "Pavel Kor has served a consultant for Abbott.", "Paile Klein has serve as a consulting for Alliance.", 'Paile Kor has played as a speaker at Aquestiving.', '(Pavel Kle has played on a speaker in EisAI.', "(Pavel Coulter has playedas a spokesman for SunovION.", "(Paile Kle has receivedResearch grant support for Eisahi.", `Pavel Warner has served on a advisory board members for Abbott.', `Paile Koch has serve on an advisory boardmember for Alliance.',�Pavel Kra has served onto a advisory Board member for AQuestive.', ['Paile Warner has played onto a list for SK Life Sciences.', '[Pavel Collins has served to a list of UCB Pharmaceutical.', '/Pavel Calvin has served in a consultant to Aquestively.', �Pavel Harris has served into a consultant from Eisae.', ``Pavel Levin has served through a consultant in Sunovions.", ['Paieve Klein has been served as an consultant for UCB Pharma.'] ))

Input: Disclosure Dr Kevin W. Lobdell is an independent quality consultant for Medtronic and Abbott Nutrition and has received a grant from The Duke Endowment.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Disclosure Dr Kevin W. Lobdell is an independent quality consultant for Medtronic and Abbott Nutrition.', 'Disclosure Mr Kevin W.[/Rowdell has received a grant from The Duke Endowment.'] COORDINATIONS( ['disclosure DrKevin W. lobdell will received a grants from The Duchess Endowment, 'Dis Disclosure Dr Kevin w. Lobrodell isan independent quality consultants for MedTronic.', ['Dis Disclosure Mr Kevin w.- Lobdoll is anindependent quality consultant at Abbott Nutrition?'] ))

Input: Bryce Kerlin : has served as an advisory board member for Bayer HealthCare and has received research support from Novo Nordisk A / S and CSL Behring Foundation for Research and Advancement of Patient Health.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bryce Kerlin : has served as an advisory board member for Bayer HealthCare.', 'Bryce kerlin : have received research support from Novo Nordisk A / S and CSL Behring Foundation for Research and Advancement of Patient Health.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['bryce KerLIN : has serve as an Advisory board memberFor Bayer Healthcare.', "Bryce Nerlin : having received research supports from Novovo Nordisk a / S.", 'Bbryce Kerlin ; has received researchsupport from CSLBehring Foundation on Research and advancement of patient Health.] COORDINS( ['pryce Kerlan : has played as an advocacy board member of Bayer Health Care.', ['B Bryce Kerlin, has receivedResearch support fromNovo Nordbeck A / s.', '(Bryce Kerrlin : had received research Support from C SL Behring foundation for Research.', `Bryce Korlin :has received research assistance from CLC Behring Center for Advancement for Patient Health %'] )))

Input: Wood is also an advisor for Koneksa Health, a consultant for Best Doctors, and has received research funding within the last 12 months from Pfizer and Genentech.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Wood is also an advisor for Koneksa Health, a consultant for Best Doctors,.', 'Wood has received research funding within the last 12 months from Pfizer and Genentech.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Wood is alsoan advisor for Tonekssa Health, A consultant forBest Doctors,?','Wood has receivedResearch funding withinthe last 12 month from Pfizers.', ['Wood has gotten research funding in the last twelve months from Genentch.'] ))

Input: " Competing interests : Shinichi Oka has received research grants / materials from Gilead Sciences, MSD KK, CSL Behring and ViiV Healthcare, Co., and has received honorarium for lectures from MSD KK, Gilead Sciences, ViiV Healthcare and Janssen Pharmaceutical, KK. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Competing interests : Shinichi Oka has received research grants / materials from Gilead Sciences, MSD KK, CSL Behring and ViiV Healthcare, Co..", 'Competing interests ; Shinichi oka also has received honorarium for lectures from MSD, GileAD Sciences, VIIV Healthcare and Janssen Pharmaceutical, KK.'] COORDINATIONAL( [" ["Competing interest : Shinchi Oka have received research advances / materials for Gileada Sciences.", "competing interests: Shinichi Uka has gotten research grants & materials from MSDA KK.", "(Competing concerns :Shinichi Oke has received interestarium for lecture from CSLBehring, Co., "Competing efforts : Shinich Oka will receive honorarium to lectures from Viiv Healthcare, CO.."] ))

Input: " Prof. Bruno is a consultant for and has received support for industry- and investigator - initiated studies from Boston Scientific and Cook Medical.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Prof. Bruno is a consultant for industry- and investigator - initiated studies from Boston Scientific.", " "Prof. Bruno has received support from Cook Medical."] )

Input: Atsushi Hirayama participated in a course endowed by Boston Scientific Japan, and has received research funding from Daiichi Sankyo and Bayer, and remuneration from Bayer, Daiichi Sankyo, Bristol - Myers Squibb, and Nippon Boehringer Ingelheim.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Atsushi Hirayama participated in a course endowed by Boston Scientific Japan, and has received research funding from Daiichi Sankyo, and remuneration from Bayer.', 'Bayer.', "Bayer.- Myers Squibb.", 'Nippon Boehringer Ingelheim.'] COORDINATIONS( ['Bayer - Myers squibb.', ['NippON Boehringeer IngELheim.', `Atsuko HirayAMA participated in A course endowed for Boston Scientific Russia, and have received research Funding from Daichi Sinkyo, which are both Bayer.'] ))

Input: " Competing interests : Thierry André reports consulting / advisory role and/or received honoraria from Amgen, Bristol - Myers Squibb, Chugai, Clovis, Gritstone Oncology, HalioDx, MSD Oncology, Pierre Fabre, Roche / Ventana, Sanofi, Servier, and Tesaro and has received travel, accommodations, and expenses from Roche / Genentech, MSD Oncology, and Bristol - Myers Squibb.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Competing interests : Thierry André reports consulting role and/or received honoraria from Amgen.", "Competing interest : Tierry andré reports consultation role and or received honorary from Bristol - Myers Squibb.", 'Competing interests ; ThierRY André Reports consulting role or/or receive honoraria to Chugai.', 'Compounding interests : TIERry Androus reports consulting duty and/OR received honoraries from Clovis.', "Compounding interest : ThIERry androus reports consultation duty and or receive honorary to Gritstone Oncology.", "(Competing Interest : Thiersry Andrey reports consulting status and//or receives honoraria in HalioDx.", "-Competing concerns : Thieri André, reports consulting rights and/our honoraria for Roche / Ventana.", ("Competing efforts : Thieryry Andrade reports consulting roles and/orn honoraria as Sanofi.", ["Competing assets : Thiera André, reports consulting purposes and/urprise role and received honorarians from Roche / Genentech.", "...Competing activities : Thierery Andry, reports catering role and and/endorizations from MSD Oncologies.", --Competing purposes : Thiryry Andries, reports Catering role andor received Honoraria from Bristol "- Myers Squiblb."] COORDINATIONS( ["competing interests: Thierrie André says consulting role.", "'Competing principles : Thianry Andre reports consulting duties.", ``Competing plans : Thiarry Andrea reports consulting activities.", ''Competing points : Thirry Andr reports consulting opportunities.", "{Competing types : Therry Andrance reports consulting actions.", \"Competing issues : Thery André calls consulting role.', "{Compounding purposes : Inferiorately received honorarium from AmGen.", «Competing factors : ThuryryAndré reports advisory role.". " Competing interest ; InFERRALATION( ['Competing needs : In Fermentation.", "%Dox.", "<Competing importance : Within Fermentation tests : InFermentation tests from Roche'Ventana.", "Cermentation tests tests from Sanofi, Servier.", 'Cerration tests from Paris 'Servier.', '' Competing purposes ; Infermentation tests were used from Tesaro.',"' Competing assets ; Inveriorately Received honoraria with Amgen.', ``Compending interests :Inveriorously received honoria from Amgin.", )))

Input: Jaafar Bennouna reports consulting / advisory role and or received honoraria from Amgen, Bristol - Myers Squibb, MSD Oncology, Roche, Bayer, Servier, and AstraZeneca and has received travel and accommodations from Roche, MSD Oncology, and AstraZeneca.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Jaafar Bennouna reports consulting / advisory role and received honoraria from Amgen, Bristol - Myers Squibb, MSD Oncology, Roche, Bayer, Servier, and AstraZeneca.', 'Jaafara Bennounsa has received travel and accommodations from Roche, MSD oncology, and AstRAZeneca.'] COORDINATIONAL( [' Jaafar Bennettouna says consulting role and receive honoraria to Amgen.', "Jaafaro Bennounba reports consulting role or received honorary from Bristol - Briggs SquibB.", 'JaAFar Bennouncea reports services from MSD ONcology.', '(Jaafiar Bennounas reports services with Roche.', "(Jaafare Bennounera reports services in Bayer.", "JaAFAR Bennouno reports services for Servier.", "(JaAFara Bennounceas reports service from Astra Zeneca.", ['Jaafaar Bennouncinga has received advance travel from Roche?', 'Saafar Glennouna has gotten advance accommodations from MichiganD OnCology.' 'Jaafiar Bennoucha has been received advance accommodations in Astra-'] ))

Input: Shah receives funding from Prostate Cancer UK and the St Peters Trust for clinical research and has received funding for conference attendance from Astellas, Ferring and Galil Medical.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Shah receives funding from Prostate Cancer UK and the St Peters Trust for clinical research.', 'Shah has received funding for conference attendance from Astellas, Ferring and Galil Medical.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['shah receives Funding from Proline Cancer UK for clinical Research.', "Shah loses funding from the Steters Trust for Clinical research.", 'ShAH has received funds for conference attendees from Astelloas.', ['ShAH have received funding from Ferring.', '(Shah have received funds from Galil medical.'] ))

Input: Bhagirathbhai Dholaria serves as a consultant and/or advisor for Celgene and has received institutional research support from Angiocrine Bioscience, Celyad, and Poseida Therapeutics.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Bhagirathbhai Dholaria serves as a consultant and/or advisor for Celgene.', 'has received institutional research support from Angiocrine Bioscience, Celyad, and Poseida Therapeutics.'] COORDINATIONAL( ['bhagIRathbai Dolnaria servesas a consultant for Celagene.'BhagoirathbAI Dholia serves as an advisor for celgene.','has received institutional Research support fromAngiocrine Cioscience.', ['has receiveditutional research support to CelyAD.', "has received initial research support for PoseidaTherapeutics."] ))

Input: Olalekan Olalekan O. Oluwole has served on scientific advisory boards for Pfizer, Spectrum, Bayer, and Kite Pharma / Gilead, has received honoraria from Pfizer, and has received research support from Novartis.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['Olalekan OlalekAN O. Oluwole has served on scientific advisory boards for Pfizer, Spectrum, Bayer, and Kite Pharma / Gilead.', 'Olalekaan OlALekan O. oluwoly has received honoraria from Pfizer.', "Olaleksan Olalinekan o. Ouwole also has received research support from Novartis."] COORDINATIONS( ['Oalekans Olalekaans O.Oluwol has received respectaria from Schwizer., 'OlALekanism Olalikan Ol. Ouluwole already has received support from Novemberartis.', `Olalechan Olalaekan, Bayer, has received honouraria from Pattonizer.'] ))

Input: Peter A. Riedell has served on speakers bureaus for Kite Pharma / Gilead and Bayer and on advisory boards for Verastem Oncology, Novartis, Celgene / BMS, and Bayer, has received honoraria from Novartis, and has received research support from Celgene / BMS, Kite Pharma, and Novartis. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["Peter A. Riedell has served on speakers bureaus for Kite Pharma / Gilead and Bayer.", 'Peter A. Riedello has on advisory boards for Verastem Oncology, Novartis, Celgene / BMS, and Bayer, has received honoraria from NovartIS, and has received research support from Celgener / B MS, Kite Pharm, and Novartists.'] COORDINATIONAL( [" Peter A. riedell have served on lectures bureau for KITE Pharma / Dilead.", "Peter A.- Riedelling has served in lectures Bilead.', 'PeterA. Rriedell has serve on tours BileAD.', "PeterA. RIEDell has on Advisory boards forVerastem oncology.", "(Peter A-. Riedeller has on advice boards for Decartis.", "-Peter A.). RiedELL has on on advisory centers for CelGene & BMS.", "Peter a. Riesell has received advice support from Bayer."] ))

Input: J. C. Soria is an employee of AstraZeneca, has equity ownership in AstraZeneca and Gritstone, and has received consultancy fees from AstraZeneca, Astex, Clovis, GSK, GamaMabs, Lilly, MSD, Mission Therapeutics, Merus, Pfizer, PharmaMar, Pierre Fabre, Roche / Genentech, Sanofi, Servier, Symphogen, and Takeda. "
Prediction: COORDINATION( ['J. C. Soria is an employee of AstraZeneca.', 'J. c. soria has equity ownership in Astra-Zeneca and Gritstone.', "J. ca. Soric has received consultancy fees from AstRAZeneca, Astex, Clovis, GSK, GamaMabs, Lilly, MSD, Pfizer, PharmaMar, Pierre Fabre, Roche / Genentech, Sanofi, Servier, Symphogen, and Takeda."] COORDINATIONS( ['j. C.- Soria has an employee from Astra Zeneca.", 'J, C. soric has equity involvement in AstRA-Zeneka.', "'J.C. Sorge has equity interest in Pritstone.", 'J: C.Soria has received consulting fees from KazakhstanZeneca?', 'j. c.- Soric have received consultancy fee from Astex.', ['J, c. Sori has received consultation fees from ClovIS.', '(J. S. Sora has received consultant fees from GSK.', ''J. Camilla has received consultants fees from Gorovis.'] ))

Input: " Disclosure R. Barroso - Sousa has served as an advisor / consultant to Eli Lilly and Roche and has received honoraria from Eli Lilly, Roche, Bristol - Myers Squib, Novartis, and Pfizer.
Prediction: COORDINATION( ["" Disclosure R. Barroso - Sousa has served as an advisor / consultant to Eli Lilly and Roche.", '", '( '( ['( '", " Disclosure R.- Souscha has received honoraria from Eli Lilly, Roche, Bristol - Myers Squib, Novartis, and Pfizer.'] COORDINATIONAL( [" [" Disclosure R. Barrozo - SOUSa has played as an advisors to Eli Eli.", " Disclosure r. Barrodso - sousa is played asan advisor to Roche.', '" Description R.Barroso- Soussa has received Honoraria from Lilly.', " Disclosure S. Barrieso - Pousa have received honoriation from Roche.". '" Disclosure S- SOUSA has received dishonaria from Bristol - Briggs Squib.', ['" Disclosure r.- SOUSC has received honorablearia from NovartIS.', '(Completely sobered up from Pfizer."] ))

