Input: But while the New York Stock Exchange did n't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks ." , " Some circuit breakingers installed following the October 1988 crash failed its first test , traders say , unable to damp the selling confusion in both futures ." )

Input: The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 49 Stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure ." , " The 49 stock specialist firms in the Big Committee floor --the sellers of the last resort whom were criticized before the 1987 tragedy -- once once again cann't manage the selling pressures ." )

Input: Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL , AMR , BankAmerica , Walt Disney , Capital Cities\/ABC , Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL -- stopped trading -- never resumed ." , " Seven Big Fund stocks -- AMR -- stopped operations -- never halted .",'Seven Big Committee stocks -- BankAmerica -- stopped selling -- never resumes ." , " , " Three Big Board companies -- Bank America -- never resume ." , include Walt Disney -- halted trading -- no resumed ." ))

Input: Many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many money managers had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet ." , " some traders had already departed their offices late Friday afternoon Wednesday afternoon on quite quiet ." )

Input: Then in a lightning plunge , the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 190.58 - point , or 6.9 % , loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then in a lightning plunge , the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 190.58-point , loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume ." , " Then in the lightning plunge , the Dow Dow Jones Industrialsin barely an inch surrendered more of their losses this year by chalkingup a 6.9 % , loss On the day dressedantuan traders volume ." )

Input: In percentage terms , however , the Dow 's dive was the 12th - worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83 , or 8 % , a week after Black Monday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In percentage terms , however , the Dow 's dive was the 12th-worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83 , a week after Black Monday ." , " In percentage term , however , the Dow 's dive is the seventh-worst since the stock fell 8 % , a year after BlackMonday ." )

Input: Shares of UAL , the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy - out of the airline by an employee - management group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of UAL , the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group ." , " Shares of UnitedAL , as the parent , are extremely active almost day Friday , reacting to rumors about the planned $ 6center79 billion takeover of the airlines by an worker-management groups ." )

Input: Wall Street 's takeover - stock speculators , or risk arbitragers , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wall Street 's takeover-stock speculators , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed ." , " UAL stock would rise ." )

Input: And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group could n't get financing for its bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock ." , " they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had ." )

Input: For example , their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2 , Delta Air Lines , which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4 , and Philips Industries , which sank 3 to 21 1\/2 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For example , their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2 ." , " For example )

Input: But as panic spread , speculators began to sell blue - chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But as confusion spread , speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris to offset their losses ." , " But as panic spread ,   But as anxiety spread , other speculators continued to sell red-chip companies such as International Business Machines to offset its losses ." )

Input: Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under an agreement signed by the Big Board , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago ." , " Under an deal signed by Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading Thursday temporarily halted operating Chicago ." )

Input: After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board , and specialists continued to notch prices down .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board ." , " Meanwhile , specialists continued to notch prices down ." )

Input: As a result , the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures and stock markets , and has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures markets , ." , " This confusion has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings ." )

Input: -LRB- In a stock - index arbitrage sell program , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference . -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB-N stock-index arbitrage sell program , traders offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference . -RRB- " , " -NLRB- In a stock-Index arbitrage tell program , investors sell big baskets of stocks . -RsB- " )

Input: But stocks kept falling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped things ." , " I just because it 'S nonproductive At this point trying to get through a debate when index arbitout would have hurt things ." )

Input: Under another post - crash system , Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter - exchange hot line to the other exchanges , the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under another post-crash system , Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter-exchange hot line to the other exchanges , the Federal Reserve Board ." , " Under another pre-Crash system , Big Board Vice President Richard Guto -NLRB- he was flying from Bangkok as September market was rising -RRb- was going on an interstatechange hotline to the others exchanges , namely the Securities Commission .",'Under another after another post -crash systems , Big Committee President Richard Lego -RC- Mr. Phela was flying towards Bangkok as November market was dropping -RRA- was trying on an trans-exexchange cold line to all other exchanges -- the Federal Federal Reserve board ." ,

Input: He camped out at a high - tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board , where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At about 3:30 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading , and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:30 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading ." COORDINATOR ( " for a brief time the futures markets started to come back in line ." , " for a few time the stock markets startedto come backin line ." ))

Input: But the build - up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market , and the link with stocks began to fray again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the build-up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market ." , " But the link with stocks began to fray again ." )

Input: At about 3:45 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down , and trading was locked again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:45 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down ." , " trading was locked again ." )

Input: The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 and that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The release cautioned that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market ." COORDINATIONS ( " The released cautioned that There are significant differences between the current environment ." , " The release warned that there were significant differences among that of October 1987 ." ))

Input: And I think a lot of people will harp on program trading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there were no buyers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At those levels , stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall , and simultaneously sell off stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At those levels , stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall , ." , " At these levels , companies are set to be squeezed by index Arbitragers , who simultaneously sell off stocks ." )

Input: But nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But nobody knows at what level the futures will open today ." , " But nobody know at what levels the stocks will open Thursday ." )

Input: The de - linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But specialists complain privately that just as in the 1987 crash , the upstairs firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday 's blood - letting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Phelan said , It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying and selling Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Phelan said , It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying Friday ." , " Mr. Phelan added , It takes another day and two to evaluate who was selling Friday ." )

Input: Concerning your Sept. 21 page - one article on Prince Charles and the leeches : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Concerning your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom ." , " Concerning his Sept. 22 page- one article on the leeches : It 's quite few hundred months since England had been a Kingdom ." )

Input: It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , comprising Wales , Northern Ireland , Scotland , and ... oh yes , England , too .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain , comprising Wales , Northern Ireland , Scotland , , too ." , " It says ... oh yes , England , too ..." , " it 's then the Kingdom of Northern Ireland , consisting Wales , Ireland , Spain , and ... oh yeah , England , too ." )

Input: The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt and other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air - charter operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt resulting from the currently suspended air-charter operations ." , " The company85 million realized through the sales is used to reimburse other obligations resulting from a currently suspended Air-charters operations ." )

Input: A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real - estate and shopping - center holdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real-estate holdings ." , " A consortiumof private investors participating as LjH Funding Corp. said that it has making a $ 410 million cash bidding for mostof L. J. Hookers Corp. 's shopping-center holdings ." )

Input: The group is led by Jay Shidler , chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu , and A. Boyd Simpson , chief executive of the Atlanta - based Simpson Organization Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The group is led by Jay Shidler , chief executive officer of Shidlers Investment Corp. in Honolulu ." , " The group K led by A. Boyd Simpson , chief executive of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc." )

Input: Mr. Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real - estate investment and claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real-estate investment ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker ." , " Mr. Sidler-s company claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is considered a developer ." , " )

Input: The assets are good , but they require more money and management than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Mr. Simpson in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The assets are good , said Mr. Simpson in an interview ." COORDINATIONS ( " they require more money than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Ms. Simpsonin An interview ." , " they require less management than can been provided in LA.J. Hooker , 's previous situation , indicated Mr. Stevens in an Interview ." ))

Input: Hooker 's philosophy was to build and sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hooker 's philosophy was to build ." , " Hooker 's philosophy was was to sell ." )

Input: We want to build and hold .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We want to build ." , " We want resources to hold ." )

Input: Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hertford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid ." COORDINATOR ( " Sanford Sigoloffs , chief financial officer of L.J. Hellerer , told yesterday in the statement that that he would review it ." , " Sanford Sigolsoff , Chief executive ofL.J.- Hooker , said yesterday yesterday ina statement that maybe he would bring it to the attention of the creditors committee ." ))

Input: Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller or B. Altman & Co. , L.J. Hooker 's department - store chains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller , L.J. Hooker 's department-store chains ." , " Not includedin the bids are B. Altman & Co. , Lisha . Hookers 's Department-store brands ." )

Input: The offer covers the massive 1.8 million - square - foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati , the 800,000 square - foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C. , and the 700,000 square - foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati ." , " The offer cover the 900,000 square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo." )

Input: Other Hooker properties included are a 20 - story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real - estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real-estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers ." )

Input: We do n't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett , in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We do n't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett , in an interview ." , " We do know that any problems are in raising that funding for a bid , says Allan Campbell , the Head of acquisitions at Yeare Govestt , In an interview ..." )

Input: Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious , but ill - fated , $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. , as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers , a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc. , the Houston - based retailer , and Parisian Inc. , the Southeast department - store chain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Eventually Mr. Simpson and Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company , and Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988 ." , " Eventually Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company ." ))

Input: Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management ." , " Since then , Hooker Co. is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain ." )

Input: These are n't mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , said Mr. Shidler .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These are n't mature assets , said Mr. Shidler ." , " they have the potential to be so , said Dr. Shidsler ." )

Input: Managed properly , and with a long - term outlook , these can become investment - grade quality properties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Managed properly , these can become investment-grade quality properties ." , " Managed with a long-term outlook , these could become investment -grade quality units ." )

Input: The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52 - week bills and redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Treasury plan to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills ." , " The Treasury plans to raise nearly $ 175 m in new money Thursday by redeeming $ 9 million58 billion of maturing bills ." )

Input: The bills will be dated Oct. 26 and will mature Oct. 25 , 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bills will be dated Oct. 26 ." , " They will mature Oct. 25 , 1990 ." )

Input: Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury ." COORDINATOR ( " Banks must be receiving by 1 a.m. EDT Thursday night at Federal Reserve banks ." , " Banking must be receive by 1 1.mm . EST Thursday at branches ." ))

Input: And many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And many fund managers have built up cash levels ." , " And many Fund managers say they will be buying stock this week ." )

Input: At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply , but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply ." , " it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 ." )

Input: Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend and a lot of fear around , said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity - Income Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend , said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity-Income Fund ." , " Two years before there were a lot of fear around , said c. Bruce Sirstone , which runs Fertility Investments'Dec 5 billion equity-Incomes Fund ." )

Input: But fund managers say they 're ready .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Windsor Fund 's John Neff and Mutual Series'Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 % , respectively , this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Windsor Fund 's John Neff said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % , respectively , this year ." , " Windsor Funds'Michael Price said they were raised their money levels to less than 30 % , respectively , earlier year ." ; " Mutual Series'Michael Re said they raised their funds levels to over 20 % and 30 % accounts , respectively , This year ." )

Input: Even Peter Lynch , manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 7 % or $ 850 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even Peter Lynch , manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 7 % ." , " Even Peter Merrill , manager for Fidelity 's $ 13.7 trillion Magellan fund , the country 's biggest stock fund , built up money to $ 850 million ." )

Input: One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August ." , " One reason Nov that after 2 years of weekly net redcontions , Congress posted net withdrawals of money to investors in September ." )

Input: That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August and September of 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % levels in August of 1987 ." , " That was moderately lower than the 9.2 % rates in September of 1987 ..." )

Input: But a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stock - fund sales have rebounded in recent months , but monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months ." , " monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels ." )

Input: Vincent Bajakian , manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol - Myers Squibb , Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vincent Bajakian , manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb Friday ." , " Vincent Bajaakians , managerof the $ 2.8 trillion Wellington Fund , added to their positions in Woolworth Friday ." ; " Vincentbaja , manager at the $ 3.9 billion Wellington Funds , added additions to his roles in Dun & Bradstreet Friday ." )

Input: And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly , Pfizer and American Home Products whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly , Pfizer whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines ." , " And today we 'll look to buy drugs stocks like American Home Products whose dividend yield have been fueled by stock losses ." )

Input: If the market drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol - Myers and Kellogg .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the market drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers ." , " If the stock drops further yesterday , he announced he ' will be buying green chips suchas Kellogg ." )

Input: But most investors were seeking share prices and other information .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But most investors were seeking share prices ." , " But most Investors were seeking other information ." )

Input: They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines and other snags that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987 ." , " They hope not avoid the other snags that infuriating some fund shareholders in October 1986 ." )

Input: But most investors seemed to be in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode , said Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Vanguard , among other groups , said it was adding more phone representatives today to help investors get through .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year 's fat profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year 's fat profits ." , " Some early trading is likely that stem from portfolios managers who wants to lockin this year-s fat losses ." )

Input: Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and some panic selling .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors ." , " Elaine GarZarelli , who runs Herarson Lehmann Hutton Corp. 'S $ 335 M Sector Analysis Capitalfolio , warns the market has open down some panic selling ." )

Input: But she expects prices to rebound soon and is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But she expects prices to rebound soon ." , " But she is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs ." )

Input: Half of them are really scared and want to sell , she said , but I 'm trying to talk them out of it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm trying to talk them out of it ." COORDINATIONS ( " Half of them are really scared , she said ." , " half of them want to sell ." ))

Input: Two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued , they say .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , the market was very overvalued , they say ." , " Two months ago , like today , interest rates were rising , the officials say ." ; " Two years before , unlike yesterday , the bond was very undervalued , the say ." )

Input: From the investors'standpoint , institutions and individuals learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" From the investors'standpoint , institutions learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth Fund ." , " From the politicians'standpoint , institutions learned A painful lesson ..." , " from the investors ' standpoint , individuals learned a heartbreaking lesson ... by selling at a lows on black Monday , says Stephen Baresel , director of the T 580 million Rowe Price Income Fund ." )

Input: Newport Corp. said it expects to report fiscal - first - quarter earnings of between 15 cents and 19 cents a share , somewhat below analysts'estimates of 19 cents to 23 cents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The maker of scientific instruments said orders fell below expectations in recent months ." , " The manufacturer of laser parts said orders slipped below expectations for recent months ..." )

Input: A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million , or 21 cents a share , on $ 14.1 million in sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million , on $ 14.1 million in sales ." , " A spokesman also added that Sales in the previous quarter will roughly equal the yarearliest quarter 'S figure , in when Newport noted net incomeof 21 cents a share , on Dec 14 . 1 million in orders ." )

Input: Peter Otradovec , vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Peter Otradovec , vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling ." , " Peter OTradoveC , vice President for preparing at the Arizona , AriZ. , operator , said yesterday that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines ." )

Input: Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including one nonstop to Las Vegas ." )

Input: At this point , no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas ; Newark , N.J. ; and Palmdale , Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I just do n't feel that the company can really stand or would want a prolonged walkout , Tom Baker , president of Machinists'District 751 , said in an interview yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just do n't feel that the company can really stand , Tom Baker , president of Machinists'District 751 , said in an interview yesterday ." , " I just want a prolonged walkout , Tom Charlie Baker , President of Mach inists'district 751 , said in An interview today ." )

Input: America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" America West , though , is a smaller airline than many of its competitors would be ." , " America West , though,24 is more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than manyof its competitors42 be ." )

Input: I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , Mr. Otradovec said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , Mr. Otradovec said ." , " I figure That United probably has such a difficult time counting All the planes together their fleets , they mightnot miss one in all , he . Ostradoveb said ." )

Input: Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737 - 300 set for delivery at the end of this month and expects to have the plane on time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery at the end of this month ." , " Southwest Airlines expects to have the plane on time ." )

Input: American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December and 20 more next year and is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December ." , " American is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable ." ))

Input: In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike .
Prediction: COORDINATION("In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers ." , " In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman said that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike ." )

Input: Meanwhile , supervisors and non - striking employees have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , supervisors have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout ." , " Meanwhile , non-striking employees have been attempting to finish Some 40 aircraft-mostly 747 or 767 minumbo jetsat the company-s Everett , Wash. , plant --that were all and completed before that walkout . )

Input: As of Friday , four had been delivered and a fifth plane , a 747 - 400 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As of Friday , four had been delivered ." , " As of Thursday , a fifth plane , a 747-400 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China ." )

Input: The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term and that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term , said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc." , " The market also taken two opinions : that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , says Howard Ruber , an analysts at CyrusJ. Lawrence Corp." )

Input: But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company may resume negotiations as early as this week ." , " But Mr. Baker said that he thinks that the earliest the pact couldbe struck wouldbe the endof this month , hinting suggesting that the union may resume talks as early just as this month ." )

Input: But Mr. Baker called the letter -- and the company 's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact , plus bonuses -- very weak .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve and the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve with being forced to work many hours overtime ." , " He adds that the workers'disgust with having forced to working many hours regulation ." )

Input: In separate developments : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp. and the Calabasas , Calif. , aerospace company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday ." , " that has been pushed back indefinitely ." )

Input: -- And Boeing on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 767 - 300 wide - body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 326 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike ." )

Input: Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- , in Great Britain and elsewhere .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- , in Great Britain ." , " Atco Limited . said his utilities arm has considering developing new electric powers plants , others valued at less than one trillion Canadian dollars --LRB- " )

Input: C.S. Richardson , Atco 's senior vice president , finance , said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , and conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private - sector suppliers as part of its privatization program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" C.S. Richardson , Atco 's senior vice president , finance , said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program ." , " C.s . Richardsonson , Atcom 's chief vice president , finance , added its 50%-1%-operated Canadian Utilities Limited . unit plans to review conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain , where where theBritish government intends to allow restricted competition in electric generation from public-sector distributors as partof its privatization scheme ." )

Input: But we would n't go into them alone , and Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But we would n't go into them alone , he said ." , " But Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small , He said ." )

Input: Ideally , we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- and a modest equity investor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ideally , we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- ." , " Ideally , I 'd prefer to be a modest equity investor ." )

Input: Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project , but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project ." COORDINATIONS ( " he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water utilities ." , " he said he would competefor customers with a huge British electricity generating companies That would be established under the nation 's proposal to privatizing its massive electric utilities ." ))

Input: Britain 's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities , beginning next month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Britain 's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water utilities , beginning next month ." , " Britain 'S government plan to raise more about # 20 billion -NLRB- Oct.05 trillion -RRb- from The sale of some of its largest electric utilities , starting next month . )

Input: Under terms of the plan , independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994 , and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion , mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 800,000 customers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion , mainly from its natural gas utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 800,000 customers ." , " Canadian Utilities said Ontario Revenue of C $ 1.17 billion , primarily from its electric utility businesses here Alberta , when the company operates about 800ky million customers ." )

Input: There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity , Mr. Richardson said , and Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity ." , " Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it ." )

Input: We 're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England , said Bruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy and corporate planning , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer and pipeline operator .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England , said Bruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer ." , " We 've certainly look at some energy generating projects elsewhere , said Steve Stram , vice president , corporate planning , with Elron Corp. , Houston , a big pipeline operator ." )

Input: PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million ." , " 14 cents to 18 cents a share ." )

Input: In the year - ago quarter , the designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , on revenue of about $ 41.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-ago quarter , the designer of cogeneration plants had net income of $ 326,000 , on revenue of about $ 41.4 million ." , " In the Year-ago period , the designers of four cents a share , in revenue for about $ 61.4 billion .",'In the season-agoquarter , the maker of cogenersation plants said net incomeof $ 326.000 , in revenues of about about $ 51.4 m." , " , " In the year -ago quarter , the operator of waste heat recovery plants had total income of five cents a shares , on revenues of nearly $ 41 million ." )

Input: CONCORDE trans - Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris and $ 3,200 to London .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CORNONE

Input: The well flowed at a rate of 2.016 million cubic feet of gas a day through a 16 64 - inch opening at depths between 5,782 and 5,824 feet .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50 - 50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. , a unit of Heitman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50-50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. , a unit of Heitaman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory company with offices in Chicago ." , " The partnerships , Kaufman & Broad Land development Venture Limited Partners , is an 50-40 joint venture With a trust built by institutional customers of Heitsman Advisory Holdings . , an unit of Hisitman Financial Inc. , A real estate management company with headquarters in Beverly Hills , Calif.",'The partnership , Kaufman & South Land Development Ventures , is part of his vision , management company to offices in suburban Hills , Fla." , " )

Input: The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development , and part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received other approvals required for development ." , " part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals ." The land needs to be bought by part of the division has nt yet received zoning required for expansion ." ))

Input: The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development , but in return , it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices , which can result in sizable savings , said Bruce Karatz , president and chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development , said Bruce Karatz , president of Kaufman & Broad ." , " in return , it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices , which can result in sizable savings , said Bob Karatz , chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad ." )

Input: Typically , developers option property , and then once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , said Mr. Karatz , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Typically , developers option property , said Mr. Karatz , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind ." , " Typically , then once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , said Ms. Karutz , addingthat he believes that the venture is probably of its sort ." )

Input: The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital , although it is responsible for providing management , planning and processing services to the joint venture .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But now prices have nose - dived and Quantum 's profit is plummeting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But now prices have nose-dived ." , " But now Quantum 's profit is plummeting ." )

Input: Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break - even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year - earlier profit of $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some securities analyst are looking for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million , on sales of $ 724.4 million ." , " Some securities analysts are looking For no better from the corporation for the fourth quarter , comparable with yearman profitof $ 3.92 a share , on marketing of $ 624.6 million ." )

Input: And the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company exited the wine and spirits business and plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 ." , " Once known As National Distillerers & Electronics Corp. CO . , The company exited the spirits business ." ))

Input: Mr. Stookey , 59 years old , declined to be interviewed for this article , but he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Stookey , 59 years old , declined to be interviewed for this article ." COORDINATOR ( " he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction ." , " he has repeatedly argued that across both from the troughs of the plastic market -- Digital will thrive through its New direction ." ))

Input: Quantum 's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin , used to make garbage bags , milk jugs , housewares , toys and meat packaging , among other items .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. -- have much broader business interests ." , " But so are better cushioned against price swings .",'But its rivals -- including Union Carbide Corp. -- are better plushioned against prices swings ." COORDINATOR

Input: Benchmark grades , which still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring , have skidded to between 35 cents and 40 cents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world , other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product .
Prediction: NONE

Input: No one knows , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No one knows , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers start to haggle ." , " No one know , however , whether the New posted prices won stick once customers start to messle ." )

Input: One doubter is George Krug , a chemical - industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. and a bear on plastics stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One doubter is George Krug , a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co .." , " One doubters is George Bruins , a bear on plastics stocks ." )

Input: But others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual straight - from - the - shoulder performance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two workers died and six remain in the hospital .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two workers died ." , " six remain in the hospital ." )

Input: Until this year , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate and picking up trade - group safety awards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until this year , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate ." , " Until next year , management had been picking up trade-group safety awards ." )

Input: When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit and thus claims under business - interruption insurance is straightforward .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit is straightforward ." , " when a plant is just been rolling flat out for demand , claims under business-interruption insurance indicates straightforward ." )

Input: But the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting ." )

Input: You say you could have sold X percent of this product and Y percent of that , recalls Theodore Semegran , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You say you could have sold X percent of this product , recalls Theodore Semegran , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer ." , " You say Y percent of that , recalls Roosevelt Semagran , An analyst at Herarson Lehmann Hutton which went through This exercise during His former career As a chemical engineering ." )

Input: And then you still have to negotiate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production and 50 % of its ethylene production .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production ." , " The plant typically accounts for 50 % of its ethylene production ." )

Input: Asked about a bid for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors , and I think that falls in that category .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked about a bid for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors ." , " Asked about comments on rumors , he think that falls in that category ." )

Input: A spokesman for the New York - based food and tobacco giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy - out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , and dismissing its 14 employees , in a move to save money .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the New York-based food giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , in a move to save money ." , " A spokesman For the New Jersey-based foods giant , took private earlier in a nearly 25 billion pillaged buy -out by Rohlberg Kohravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that It is dismissing its 14 employees , in in a decision to save funds .",'A spokeswoman for the The New York state-based tobacco giant , take private earlier This year in part $ 25 million leveraged purchase-outs by Kohlsberg KT Roberts & & Co. , announced that it has shutting down its RJR Soyisco Broadcast subsidiary , in the move to saving money ." ;

Input: The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network - buying plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB\/Leber Katz and McCann Erickson .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network-buying plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB\/Leber Katz ." , " The spokesman told RJR that RJR will discussing its networks-buied plans with his two main marketing firms , McCann Erickson ." )

Input: The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 , and the move wo n't affect RJR 's print , radio and spot - television buying practices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 ." COORDINATOR ( " the move wo n't affect RJR 's print buying practices ." , " The spokesman added the moven't impact RJR 's radio buying practices . , " Officials said the switch wo nt affect RJC 's spot-television buying practices necessary ." ))

Input: The U.S. , which is finalizing its steel - import quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The U.S. , which is finalizing its steel-import quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries ." , " The UailyS. which is preliminaryizing its concrete-import quota , is relocating a bigger share of his steel market directly to newly industrialized nations which have fairly unsubsidaized steel businesses ." )

Input: Meanwhile , the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota , and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota ." , " Meanwhile , Japan has made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community ." )

Input: Brazil , similar to Mexico and South Korea , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five - year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil , similar to Mexico , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 30 ." , " Brazil , same to South Korea , is predicted to negotiate an somewhat bigger shares of the United . S. market than they had under a previous five years steel quotas , which expires Sept. 29 ." )

Input: Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1 , 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1 , 1990 ." , " Venezuela are the Only two countries in have nt completed steel negotiations with the United . S. for the fiscal Oct. 2 , 1990 ..." )

Input: Other countries that do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S. , such as Taiwan , Sweden and Argentina , also have supplied steel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other countries that do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S. , such as Taiwan , also have supplied steel ." , " Other countries in do nt have formal concrete quotas with Canada , also said steel ." )

Input: It also said it would use that two - and - a - half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade , which has been notoriously managed , subsidized and protected by governments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The EC and Japan -- the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But its quota has been as high as 6.9 % in 1984 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan , the EC , Brazil , Mexico and South Korea provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia and Venezuela .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia ." , " The balance levels are supplied by an host of larger exporters , such as Venezuela ." )

Input: That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program and 1 % from cutting Japan 's allowance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program ." , " That 1 % from cutting Japan 's allowance ." )

Input: These optional 1%-a - year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel - quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel-quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies from their own steel industries ." , " These optional 2%-a year increases to reinforce the steel subsidy program are designed into the Reagan administration ' N steel-queota program designed into Congress administration 'S steel-loota program meant to give our negotiators leverage by foreign steel manufacturers to try trying to get him to withdraw protectionism away their own Steel industries ." )

Input: Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second - quarter earnings to trail 1988 results , but anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results ." , " Elcotil Inc. anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half ." )

Input: Elcotel , a telecommunications company , had net income of $ 272,000 , or five cents a share , in its year - earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel , a telecommunications company , had net income of $ 272,000 , in its year-earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 30 ." , " Elcotil , part telecommunications company , had net profit of five cents a share , in their year-overlier secondquarter , ended September . 30 " )

Input: George Pierce , chairman and chief executive officer , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" George Pierce , chairman , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million ." , " George Pierce , chief executive officer , saidin an interview last year will be just under two cents quite recent quarter to be about 2 cents a shares on revenue for just under # 4 million . )

Input: Within the next year , Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines , made by Minolta in Japan , in hotels , municipal buildings , drugstores and other public settings around the country .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Elcotel will provide a credit - card reader for the machines to collect , store and forward billing data .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect , store billing data ." , " Elcotil will provide the machines for the computers to retrieve , forward billing Data ." )

Input: Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating and handling credit - card calls and collect calls .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating and handling credit-card calls ." , " Elcoter has also launched an automatic caller processor that ll make further uses of the firm 's System for automates and collect calls ." )

Input: The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies , office lobbies , hospitality lounges and similar settings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies ." , " The company has also been producing a line of store telephones , which do not accept coins , for uses in office lobbies , hospitality lounges ." , " )

Input: Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month ." , " Mr.e estimated that convenience phones would produce approximately $ 5of recurring net profits for every machine each week ." )

Input: Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August and was up 7.6 % for the year , the Central Statistical Office said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August , the Central Statistical Office said ." , " Britain 'S retail price Index was up 7.6 % for the year , the central Statistical Office added ." )

Input: The company said the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker and marketer of hospital products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker , marketer of hospital products ." , " The company added the plan is n't implemented in response directly to anyknown offers forQuest , a marketer , hospitals products ." )

Input: The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person or group acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock or announces a tender offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock or announces a tender offer ." , " The rights enable shareholders to buy Quest stock by a discount If any group acquests more than 14 % of a company 'S common stock and announces a definitive offer ." )

Input: While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow , liquids have gained prominence over powders ." , " While the British have embraced that the portable packaging of highly products , The true test the test for p&G to be in a $ 4 trillion U.s . preventgent market , where oil have gained notoriety over powder .",'While the Japan have embraced what the compact convenience of concentrated product , the false test for T&G is in the approximately 4 billion B.S. detergent Market , where market is slow ; liquids has gained prominence in accusers ." )

Input: But the product , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the product , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver ." , " But the products , which then was nt as concentrated As the new Prier , was dropped ." )

Input: P&G and others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches , but they have n't sold well , despite the convenience .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they have n't sold well , despite the convenience ." , " others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on fabric softener combinations in pouches ." COORDINATOR ( " P&G also have been trying repeatedly to strip consumers on detergent in Pouches , ." )) )

Input: But P&G contends the new Cheer is a unique formula that also offers an ingredient that prevents colors from fading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And retailers are expected to embrace the product , in part because it will take up less shelf space .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with so many brands vying for space , that 's no longer the case .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S. , but so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. , a Cincinnati hand - lotion maker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S .." , " so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. , a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker ." )

Input: This is something P&G would do with or without Kao , says Mr. Zurkuhlen .
Prediction: NONE

Input: With economic tension between the U.S. and Japan worsening , many Japanese had feared last week 's visit from U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Instead , they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long - term view .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead , they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. to work together ." , " Instead , They got a conversation of the importance of the long-term view ." ,

Input: He said such results should be measurable in dollars and cents in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said such results should be measurable in dollars in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan ." , " He said these results shoulder measurable in cents in reducing Japan ." )

Input: But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring or summer , it is rather to have a blueprint for action .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring , it is rather to have a blueprint for action ." , " But Mrs. Hills , being at a dinner meeting of Congress in Japanon Saturday , emphasized that the aim is not not to getting definitive action on summer , it was rather to has a blueprint of action ." )

Input: She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we 're moving in earnest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people that we 're moving in earnest ." , " She added That she expected ? " )

Input: American and Japanese officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher ." , " Japanese officials offered a theories for a difference in attitude betwen Mrs. Hills ." )

Input: But some saw it as a classic negotiating tactic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And some said it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : I did n't hear every word he spoke , but as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : I did n't hear every word he spoke ." , " Asked to comparison her visit toward Mr. Casbacher-s , Mr. Hills added : as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration ." )

Input: I do n't feel either hard or soft .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't feel either hard ." , " I do N't feel both soft ." )

Input: I feel committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I feel committed to the program of opening markets ." , " I feel confident to the Program of expanding trade ." )

Input: When she met the local press for the first time on Friday , Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products , satellites and supercomputers , three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But her main thrust was to promote the importance of world - wide free trade and open competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But her main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade ." , " But she main thrust is to promote open competition ." )

Input: She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors ." , " She said that trade imbalance should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets ." )

Input: But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But I am relieved to see that you are a person of integrity ." COORDINATED STORY ( " ButI am relieved that you were beautiful ." , " But I is relieved to hear that You are gentle ." ))

Input: Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991 , but the Japanese have denied making any such promise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991 ." , " the Japanese have denied making any such promise ." )

Input: But she stressed , I am against managed trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 and is seeking new financing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 ." , " Traditional Industries Corp. said that is seeking new financing ." )

Input: The seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines ." , " The seller , photographic services said said it was considering a list of financing options , including sought increases in our credit lines . )

Input: Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss and would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss ." , " Traditional would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year ." )

Input: In the year ended June 30 , 1988 , Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million , or $ 1.21 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended June 30 , 1988 , Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million ." , " In the Year ended June30 , 1988 , Traditional reported Net income of Dec 1.21 a share ." )

Input: In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million , or $ 1.31 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million , on revenue of $ 44.3 million ." , " In the first nine months Net income was Dec 1.31 a share , on Revenue of $ 43.3 m." )

Input: Separately , the company said it would file a delayed fiscal - year report with the Securities and Exchange Commission within approximately 45 days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Separately , the company said it would file a delayed fiscal-year report with the Securities Commission within approximately 45 days ." , " Separly , the companies said it will file a delay fiscal-month report with The Exchange Commission within roughly 45 days . )

Input: A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties ." , " A spokesman For Information International added the lawsuit on two unitsof Morris Communications Inc. seeks payment of the systems 's cancellation of a hardware license provided in the Morris unit to InformationInternational for alleged failures to pay royalty ." )

Input: The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp. and Florida Publishing Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp .." , " The units those filed the suits are Florida Publishing Co." )

Input: A spokeswoman said Sulka operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability ." , " Major oil firms in the last few days were expected to submit much more robust earnings compared they did not reveal much less consistent earnings than They did for a third quarter an year ago , largely reflecting stagnant gasoline margins ." )

Input: The gasoline picture may improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year - earlier performance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals , Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume , Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview ." , " The industry has seeing certainly in price in petrochemicals , Stevens Cox , President of Phillips Natural Co. said in An interview ." )

Input: That change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That change will obviously impact third quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added ." , " That change is obviously impact fourth quarter earnings For the industry as general , He added ." )

Input: But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard - hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third - quarter earnings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp .." , " So , too , many analysts predicted , will Chevron Corp .." COORD ( " So , Too , too , analysts predict , will Amoco Corp." ))

Input: Beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy spurred demand ." , " Beginning in lower-1987s , prices continued accelerating as the weak dollar spurred demand . )

Input: Now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger , and domestic economic growth is slower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger ." , " Now , domestic economic growth is slower ." )

Input: Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year , said William Randol , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Reflecting margins were so good in the third quarter of last year , said William Randol , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp." , " Refining margins were generally not very good this year , says William Randols , a Securities analyst at Second Boston Corp .." )

Input: Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that did n't materialize .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July that did n't materialize ." , " Oil company oil company refiners ran flatout to prepare For a robust Holiday driving seasonin August that did N't materializing ." )

Input: Refiners say margins picked up in September , and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Refiners say margins picked up in September ." , " many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter ." )

Input: During the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline profits ." , " During the 1989 second half , many companies posting record chemical profits ." )

Input: Demand has been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Demand has been much stronger than anticipated ." , " it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter ." )

Input: Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last summer was notable for a heat wave that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use ." , " Last summer also notable for drought that caused Utilities to burn less natural gas resources to feed increasing electrical demand away air conditioning uses ." )

Input: Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export - control policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. align their export-control policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 ." , " Most of all the Western Europe members of Cooperation Committee on multilateral ExportControl , the official forum to which the United . are expected for more radical export rules in Paris Sept. 26 ." )

Input: They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools , computers and other high - technology products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools , computers ." , " They plan toward press specificallyfor a relaxation in rules governing shipments of machine hardware , other high-technology products ." )

Input: But the Bush administration says it wants to see evidence that all Cocom members are complying fully with existing export - control procedures before it will support further liberalization .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom , but declined to confirm any details .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A State Department spokesman declined to confirm any details ." COORDINATOR ( " A state Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government ." , " A StateDepartment spokesman acknowledged Thursday that the US . is exploring the allegations against Cocom ." ))

Input: Although the legality of these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export - control hawks in the Pentagon and the intelligence community .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although the legality of these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon ." , " Although the validity of these Sales is still An open question )

Input: But more recently , the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But more recently , the Pentagon openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc ." , " But more recent , the Commerce Department openly feuding over the degree to which Ecom should radicalize exports worth personal computers back to the grouping ." )

Input: The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares , or options to purchase shares , to cover its entire position .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares , to cover its entire position ." , " Salomon is cover the charges by buying options to purchase shares , to cover its whole position ." )

Input: Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high - yield , high - risk junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield , high-risk junk bonds ." )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million ." , " Financial Corp. purchased the securities , the lawsuit alleged , after Drexel negotiated an agreements for Vagibond Hotel to purchase the 51 % controlling stake in The thrift For about $ 38 million ." )

Input: Officials at Drexel said they had n't seen the suit and thus could n't comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Officials at Drexel said they had n't seen the suit ." , " Officials at Washingtonrexel added they could n't comment ." )

Input: Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels ." , " Also named as in the suits is Northview Corp. , the predecessor company to vagabondsHotels ." )

Input: Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 and said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 ." , " Financial Corpina said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds ." )

Input: Shortly before the visit , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shortly before the visit , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company ." , " Shortly before and visit , Soesky both had signed in a letter with financial Corp. authorities ." )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 and since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 , the company said ." , " financial Corp. since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them , the corporation said ." )

Input: HOFI , the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. and its 60 % stake in Dundee Cement Co. with its 67 % stake in Ideal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HOFI , the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. with its 67 % controlling stake in Ideal ." , " HOFI , the NorthAmerican holding company for Swiss concern Hellerbank Finasciere Glari Ltd. , previously suggested combining its 60 % stake elsewhere in Dundee Cement Co. with their 67 % stake for Ideal ." )

Input: But HOFI 's first offer would have given Ideal 's other shareholders about 10 % of the combined company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement and approval by Ideal shareholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement by Ideal shareholders ." , " The transaction covers subject to approval by Ideal shareholder ." )

Input: While corn and soybean prices have slumped well below their drought - induced peaks of 1988 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While corn prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high ." , " While soybean prices have plummeted well below our drought-driven peaks of 1989 , wheat rates remain stubbornably high ." )

Input: And they 're likely to stay that way for months to come , analysts say .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if rain does n't fall soon across many of the Great Plains'wheat - growing areas , yields in the crop now being planted could be reduced , further squeezing supplies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In response to dwindling domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In response to dwindling domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year ." , " In response angrily to scarce domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary reliever Yeutter yesterday month said Congress would slightly decrease the numberof acres farmers able still qualify for federal support payments ." )

Input: It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought - stunted 1.81 billion in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1988 ." )

Input: But the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted wo n't be felt until the second half of next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The exchange said it feared that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The exchange said it feared that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings ." , " The exchange added it feared those members would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian subsidiary , which has refused requests for reducing its holdings . )

Input: Unseasonably hot , dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat - growing areas in Washington and Oregon is threatening to reduce the yield from this season 's winter wheat crop , said Conrad Leslie , a futures analyst and head of Leslie Analytical in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For example , in the Oklahoma panhandle , 40 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans , but many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans ." , " many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices ." )

Input: Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long the price decline that began Friday will go ." , " Orange 6-monthmonth-old will be monitoring to see where far the price declines that began Thursday will go . )

Input: However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out ." , " However , As expected , South Africa waited for Brazil to cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55 ." )

Input: Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had and sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had ." , " Friday 'S consequent trading of futures futures contracts sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time ." )

Input: It 's a dollar - priced product , and the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , the analyst said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's a dollar-priced product , the analyst said ." , " the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , the analysts said ." )

Input: Barring a cold snap or other crop problems in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Barring a cold snap or other crop problems in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said ." , " Barring the cold snap and other crop failures in the rising areas , upward pressure on price is likely not continue into February , when processing of oranges here Florida reach its peak , The analyst said . )

Input: Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures ." , " Friday capped September , a week in both spot markets ." )

Input: He predicted that the November contract will reach $ 21.50 a barrel or more on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels ." , " Analysts mostly cite a shortage of bearsish developments As well as reports of a potential tightening of equipment of some crudes ." )

Input: There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and ca n't produce as much as it could sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports ." COORDINATIONS ( " there also are persistent reports that Nigeria has about reached its production limit ." , " There alsoare recurring reports saying that ca n't produce as much as it could sell ." ))

Input: Many traders foresee a tightening of near - term supplies , particularly of high - quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many traders anticipate a tightening of near-term supplies , particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea ." , " Many traders foresee a tightening in near-range supplies , especially of high profile crudes Such as those manufactured in Nigeria ." )

Input: If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , co - founders Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy - out attempt , an official close to the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchis Co. , co-founders Charles will lead a management buy-out attempt , an official close to the company said ." , " If a sympathetic predator emerges to Saatchie & Saaski Co. Ltd , co -founders Maurice Saatcha will lead the management buy -out attempt , an official aide to the team said ." )

Input: Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock - market sell - off in New York and turmoil in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock-market sell-off in New York ." , " Financing For any takeover effort may be worrisome in the aftermath of turmoil in the junk-bond market ." )

Input: But the beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the beleaguered British advertising giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks ." , " But the Beleaguered American consulting giant , meanwhile last week appointed a new Chief executive officer at Maurice Saaski , appears to be a subject of extensive takeover speculation For weeks ." )

Input: Last week , Saatchi 's largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Carl Spielvogel , chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy - out of the company , but was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And Carl Spielvogel , chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvostel Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company ." , " And Carl Bundesvoger , chief financial officer of Haatchi 's big backer Spielviogel Bates marketing unit , was rebuffed by Charles Saatcha ." )

Input: The executive close to Saatchi & Saatchi said that if a bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer , a crazy offer which Saatchi knew it could n't beat , it would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But -LCB- otherwise -RCB- it would undoubtedly come back with an offer by management .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive said any buy - out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive said any buy-out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi ." , " The executive declined to say any purchase-out will be ledby the current chairman , whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatcha ." )

Input: Mr. Spielvogel is n't part of the board , nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi 's big U.S.-based ad agencies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive did n't name any price , but securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive did n't name any price ." , " securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion ." )

Input: That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis - Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis-Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi on Jan. 1 ." , " That uncertainty abounded Thursday as industry officials analyzed the appointments of the newly chief executive , Robert Louis -Dreyfeus , which becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 ." )

Input: Mr. Louis - Dreyfus , formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager , and will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager ." , " Mr. Albert-Driesfus will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state ." )

Input: It has n't had any impact on us , nor do we expect it to , said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co. , a major client of Backer Spielvogel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential - Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy - out and restructuring , or a buy - out of Backer Spielvogel alone , led by him .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As expected , Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy and racketeering charges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As expected , Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy charges ." , " As expected , Young & Mateic am Inc. together with two top executives , plead not guilty to racketeering charges ." )

Input: A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister , and Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister , ." , " A spokeswoman for the US . Attorney 's office added extradition proceedings were just beginningfor the other three defendants in a case , Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr." )

Input: The Samsung Group and Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Samsung Group agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea ." , " Bozell Inc. agreed to construct a joint joint venture marketing agency in Seoul Korea ." )

Input: Bozell Cheil Corp. , as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul and is 70 % owned by Samsung and 30 % owned by Bozell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Boozell Cheil Corp. , as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul ." COORDINATOR ( " Bozell said Cheil Co. ,as the new agent will be used , is 70 % owned by Samsung ." , " Bozeller Cheil Inc. , As the new report will be asked , is 30 % owned By Bozold ." ))

Input: Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Boozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies ." , " Bozell joins Ogilvy Group as UAW . agencies had interests in Korea agencies ." )

Input: Citing a payment from a supplier and strong sales of certain data - storage products , Maxtor Corp. said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Citing a payment from a supplier for strong sales of certain data-storage products , Maxtor Corp. said earnings jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24 ." , " Citing A payment from A supplier for powerful sales of specific data-processing products , Mxtor Holdings . said revenue jumped in their second quarter ending Sept. 23 ." )

Input: The maker of computer - data - storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million , or 23 cents a share , from year - earlier net of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The maker of computer-data-storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million , from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million ." , " The maker , computer- data-storage software said net profit rose to 23 cents a share , from Year-earliest net of five cents a shares ." )

Input: Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings ." , " Maxtorer said effects of discontinuing The line may has a positive effects on future revenue ." )

Input: A spokeswoman would n't elaborate , but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokeswoman would n't elaborate ." COORDIN ( " the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue ." , " the company484848404040s profit ." ))

Input: Operationally , Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high - end personal computers and computer workstations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Generationally , Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers ." , " Generally , Ma wantor benefited via robust sales for computer workstations ." )

Input: In the fiscal first half , net was $ 7 million , or 34 cents a share , up from the year - earlier $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the fiscal first half , net was $ 7 million , up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million ." , " In the Fiscal first half , net was 34 cents a share , down from 15 cents A share ." )

Input: Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services , increasing the board to eight members .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems , increasing the board to eight members ." , " Robert G. Walden , 62 years age , was appointed a Director of this distributor of advanced services , increasing The board to nine members ." )

Input: He retired as senior vice president , finance and administration , and chief financial officer of the company Oct. 1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He retired as senior vice president of the company Oct. 1 ." , " He resigned as chief financial officer of the companies Oct. 1 ." COORDINATOR ( " He returned as finance secretary of the firm Oct. 2 ." , " ))

Input: Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10 - K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission , but that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements and related information .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10-K report with the Securities Commission ." , " Southmark said that the filing does n't include its related information ." COORDINATED CONTENT ( " Southwestmark Corp. said that they filing did n't includes its audited financial statements ." )) )

Input: The real estate and thrift concern , operating under bankruptcy - law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate concern , operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden ." , " The Real estate concern , operating under creditors-law litigation , said said it would n't providing financial statements on the End of its only extension without reasonable expense ." ; " The thrift concern , sitting under bankruptcy pre bankruptcy- law proceedings , , said that it told reporters the SEC It could nt provide financial disclosures by the beginning of its First extension without irresponsible burden ." ))

Input: Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson and will continue in those roles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president of McKesson ." , " The president will continue in those roles .",'Mr . HeelenFreund is chief financial officer of McKinnon ." )

Input: Messrs. Malson and Seelenfreund are directors of McKesson , which has an 86 % stake in PCS .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Messrs. Malson are directors of McKesson , which has an 86 % stake in PCS ." , " Messrs. Seelenfreund are directors in McKesson , which has a 86 % controlling stake in PCsS." )

Input: In its lawsuit , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages and a preliminary injunction to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its lawsuit , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages for a preliminary injunction to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products ." ,

Input: A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales and 10 % to 20 % of its earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales to 20 % of its earnings ." , " A MedExpl spokesman said that products contribute 10 % to 21 % of our earnings ." )

Input: In the year ended Aug. 31 , 1988 , MedChem earned $ 2.9 million , or 72 cents a share , on sales of $ 17.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended Aug. 31 , 1988 , MedChem earned $ 2.9 million , on sales of $ 17.4 million ." , " In the season ended Aug. 31 , 1989 , MedScience earned 72 cents a share , on orders of $ 18.4 m." )

Input: MedChem said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a first - phase trial in the patent - infringement proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MedChem said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial in the patent-infringement proceedings ." , " MedChem added that concerns only one of its defenses in the case ." )

Input: Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third - quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage , especially in the Northeast .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices ." COORDINATED COVERAGE ( " Newspapers publishers are forecasting mixed third quarter results , hampered by flat advertising linage , especially in the Northeast ." , " Newspaper publications are reporting seasoned third-half results , hindered by declining advertising linages , especially elsewhere ." ))

Input: Adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships within the retail industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership within the retail industry ." , " Adding to unheadiness and uncertainty in the Industry , seasonal wholesale ad spend patterns in magazines have been angry by general hardships within the wholesale industry ." )

Input: In New York , the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. , Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue department - store chains are for sale .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In New York , the Bonwit Teller department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. are for sale ." , " In New Yorkers , Bloomingdale 's department-store chains are for auction .",'In New Yorker , Saks Fifth Avenue department-stores chains arefor sale ." COORDINATIONS ( " In York , B. Altman & Co. department stores are filed for bankruptcy from creditors within Chapter 11of the federal Reserveruptcy code , while The R. H. Macy & Co. have been in in in pursuit of protection from lenders under Chapter 12 of the Federal Reserve Code , although the Bloomingdale-s are for selling ." ))

Input: Until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending would in fact increase in this year 's third quarters ." , " Until recently , industry analysts said decreases in wholesale ad spending had bottomed out .",'Until recently from industry analysts believe decreases in retailer ad spending will in fact decrease in this school 's fourth quarters ." )

Input: Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage , but the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , said Edward J. Atorino , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage , said Edward J. Atorino , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc." , " the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , said William J.Atorino , industry analyst atorino ...

Input: For instance , Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base ." , " For instance , GAnnett Co. posted an11 % gainin net income , as total advertising pages dropped because of increased rates ." )

Input: Gannett 's 83 daily and 35 non - daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gannett 's 83 daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising revenue ." , " Glannett-s 83 weekly newspapers reported A 3 % decrease in circulation revenue ." ; " Gannetta 's 35 non-daily newspapers reported an 3 % rise in advertising revenues ." , 's 33 non- until newspapers reporteda 3 % decline in circulation revenues ." )

Input: Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified - ad volume increased , while there was softer demand for retail and national ad linage , said John Curley , Gannett 's chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified-ad volume increased , while there was softer demand for retail and national ad linage , said John Curley , Gannett 's chief executive officer ." )

Input: While USA Today 's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735 , a decrease of 4 % from last year , the paper 's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter and 13 % in the nine months .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the nine months , Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million , or $ 1.68 a share , from $ 247 million , or $ 1.52 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the nine months , Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million , or $ 1.68 a share , from $ 247 million ." , " In the six months , Kannett 's net climbed 9.6 % to about 270 million , from $ 1 to52 a share ." )

Input: Net fell to $ 28.8 million , or 29 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 33 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Net fell to $ 28.8 million , from $ 32 million to 33 cents a share ." , " Net plunged to $ 27.8 m , from 33 cents the share ." COORDINATOR

Input: The year - earlier period included a one - time gain of $ 3.5 million , or four cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million , ." , " The year beforeearlier periods included a part-time gains of four cents a share ." )

Input: The drop in profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The drop in profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal ." , " The dropin profit reflected , in part , continued softening in financial ads at Barron 's magazine ." )

Input: The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million , or 12 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million , or 38 cents a share , for the third quarter in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million , compared with a loss of $ 26.5 m , for the third quarter in 1988 ." , " The publisherof the Boston Glob reported net worth of $ eight.5 M , compared to a losses of 38 cents a share , for a third quarter , 1988 ." or 12 cents per share , compared With a loss in $ 26 million , for that third quarter of 1988 . , " The publisher of The Boston Globe noted net of 12 cents a per share , compared with an loss of 39 cents a shared , for The third quarter as 1988 ." )

Input: William O. Taylor , the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" William O. Taylor , the parent 's chairman , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper ." , " William O. Taylor , who the parent-s chief executive officer , said profits continued to appear hurt by stiffness in advertising volume at Boston magazine ." )

Input: Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday newspapers ." , " Mr. atorino also said he forecasts that Times Express Co. 's earnings are down for a third quarter , because of stiff advertising levels on its Hartford Courant newspapers ." )

Input: New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Express ." , " New YorkTimes Co. said higher earnings for The third quarter , because of deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group ." )

Input: Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , said Alan Kassan , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , said Alan Kassan , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton ." , " there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , said David Kassan , an analyst With Shearson Leman Hickey ." )

Input: Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area ." , " Washington Post & Co. are expected to say improved earnings , largely because because of improved publishing revenue helping by an improving retail market elsewhere ." )

Input: The news - weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The news-weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine ." , " The News-weekly is faced heightened scrutiny from a relatively flat magazine advertising market ." )

Input: Knight - Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News , and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Knight-Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press , and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter ." , " Knight-Sidder Corp. is facing with continued certainty over the litigation joint operating agreements between its Gannett 's Detroit News , and claims that earnings are down in a third quarter . )

Input: However , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald and San Jose Mercury News .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald ." , " However , researchers point to negative advertising spending here several of the major daily publications , suchas San Jose Mercury News ." )

Input: The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight - Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition and circulation was falling , said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight-Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition was falling , said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank ." , " The Miamimarket is comingback strong after just disappointing couple of months when circulation was falling , said Bruce Hulkp , An analyst for Comident NationalBank ." )

Input: General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle - making capacity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity ." , " General Motors Holdings . ,in a series that angered unions officials in Canada , has indicated that As many as six North American Assembly plants may have survive the lower-1990S as the company struggles to cutting its excess car-making capability ." )

Input: In announcements to workers late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full - sized van assembly plants , and cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In announcements to workers late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants ." , " In announcements toward workers late yesterday , GM cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories ." )

Input: GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity in place before those talks begin ." , " GM officials wants to get planning to reduce the work force in place after those negotiations begin ." )

Input: The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information , Mr. Yokich said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray , Mr. Yokich said ." , " The auto makers 's move to let phrase of product reassignments trickle outin separate communique to the impacted plants showed an inability to provide consistent information , Mr. Yokich told .",'The automaker 's announcement to let term of the recent shutdowns reverber out of an unwillingness to give consistent information , Mr. Tokyo said ." COORDINATOR ( " The automotive maker 'S decision to letting word of our latest product relignments tumble out in two communiques south the affected plant showed disquiet , MrNONE

Input: That means two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario , and the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That means two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 ." , " That means three plants -- the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probablywill be closed down after that end of 1989 ." )

Input: The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers and about 2,500 workers in Ohio .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers in Ohio ." , " The shutdownS will idle more than 2,500 workers living Ohio ." )

Input: Robert White , Canadian Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement and its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert White , Canadian Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement ." , " Robert Whiteerson , Canadian auto Workers union President , used a impending Scarborough closure to criticize its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney ." )

Input: But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants , one in Quebec ." , " But American auto workers will benefit from the separate GM switch that affects one in Montreal ." )

Input: Workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , Oklahoma City and Pontiac , Mich. , were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird and Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , Oklahoma City were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird muscle cars ." , " Workers at facilities in Van Nys , Mich. , were told they facilities are No longer becoming considered to built the next generations of the Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars . Workers at sites in Du Nuys , Calif. were told that employees at plants for Oklahoma City Pataro muscle vehicles were told them are no doubt to build New generation of GM Camaro muscles cars ."-" Workers At plants in Pontiac , Mich. , were said their facilities were no longer getting considered to construct the Next generation of New Year Toyota Cararo muscle homes ." )

Input: GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro - Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company and union officials said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company officials said ." , " GM is examining whether it has build the New Camaro- " )

Input: That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys and Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" that announcement left union officials in Van Nuys uncertain about their futures ." , " That announcement left unions officials in Oklahoma City uncertain about them futures ." )

Input: At the Oklahoma City plant , which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight - year - old A - body mid - sized cars , Steve Featherston , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up , and none of us knows when the A - body cars will die .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the Oklahoma City plant , which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight-year-old A-body mid-sized cars , Steve Featherston , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up ." , " At the Kansas City plant , which employs more than 6,500 workers building a eight-month-old Af-body lower-sized vehicles , Steve underston , state vice president , said none of us knows when the A-size cars will die ." )

Input: Merieux said the government 's minister of industry , science and technology told it that he was n't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Merieux said the government 's minister of industry told it that he was n't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada ." , " Merieaux said the Government 's Minister of science told it this that he is n't persuaded that the sale is likely not to be a net benefit toward Canada ." ))

Input: Both Merieux and Connaught are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both Merieux are biotechnology research concerns ." , " Both Meriesux are vaccine manufacturing concerns ." ; " Both Connaught are Biotechnology research worries ." , " ' Both ConnOOK are vaccine production concerns ." )

Input: He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns , but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns ." , " He added it has eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed ." )

Input: This is n't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before , said Jodi Redmond , press secretary for Harvie Andre , Canada 's minister of industry , science and technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada , but added they hope to have more information early this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Spokesmen for Merieux said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either Investment Canada ." , " Spokesman for Connaught added they hope to have more information early this week .",'Spokespeople for Connecticutaught said they hoped to have less information early next week ." ))

Input: This has become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world - class bio - research or pharmaceutical company , Mr. Mehta said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world-class bio-research company , Mr. Mehta said ." , " This has becoming a very destabilized deal , concerning Canadas only small , world world-middle pharmaceutical company , Ms. Mehla said ..." )

Input: While neither side will disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While neither side will disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada ." , " While neither sides will disclose his contents , Ms. Mehla expects Novaka expects you to contain More specific guarantees focusing spending levels elsewhere in Canada rather Merieuses offered to Development Canada ." )

Input: Some analysts , such as Murray Grossner of Toronto - based Richardson Greenshields Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , such as Switzerland 's Ciba - Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some analysts , such as Murray Grossner of Toronto-based Richardson Greenshields Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , suchas Switzerland 's Ciba-Geigy ." , " Some analysts , such as Howard Grossner the Toronto-driven Richardson Greenshiields Corp. , said the government decision leaves the doors open for several bidder , including Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif." )

Input: Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred - stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock , and added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weatherford International Inc. added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares ." COORDINATIONS ( " StanfordInternational Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap ." , " Stanford International Inc. said it may resume payment of dividends on the stock ." ))

Input: Weatherford suspended its preferred - dividend payment in October 1985 and said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million , but will do so some time in the future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985 ." COORDINATIONS ( " Accrington said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million ." , " Accford said it will do so some time in the future ." ))

Input: Additionally , the company said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Additionally , the company said it filed with the Securities Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November ." , " Additionally , The company said that it submitted with the Exchange Commission for a proposed offering a 10 million share of common shares , expectedto be offered as November ." )

Input: The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. and Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over - allotments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments ." , " The company said Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc. , underwritersfor the offering , were granted An option to sell as much or as an extra 1.6 million shares for over-anyments ." )

Input: Proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt ." , " Proceeds from the restructure central debt ." )

Input: Analysts said that Merck & Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Warner - Lambert Co. and the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol - Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher - priced medicines that provide wide profit margins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts said that Merck & Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins ." , " Analysts also said that Eli Lilly & Co. all benefited with strong sales to substantial profit margins . , higher than high-priced drugs that provides wide profit margin .",'Analysts from the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers Squibibb Co. All benefited from weak sales to modest profit margins . ))

Input: Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. were attributed to those companies'older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines ." , " Less robust quarterly earnings at Upjohn Co. were linked to those firms'younger products , some of which faces stiffened competition from other drugs ." )

Input: Joseph Riccardo , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow - growing businesses and instituted other cost savings , such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Joseph Riccardo , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses , such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs ." )

Input: Analysts said profit for the dozen or so big drug makers , as a group , is estimated to have climbed between 11 % and 14 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck 's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 % , propelled by sales of its line - up of fast - growing prescription drugs , including its anti - cholesterol drug , Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine , Vasotec ; Primaxin , an antibiotic , and Pepcid , an anti - ulcer medication .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck 's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 % , propelled by sales of its line-up of fast-growing prescription drugs , including its anti-cholesterol drug , Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine , Vasotec ; Primaxin , an antibiotic , and Pepcid , an anti-ulcer medication ." )

Input: In the third quarter of 1988 , Merck earned $ 311.8 million , or 79 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter of 1988 , Merck earned $ 311.8 million ." , " In the fourth quarter of 1989 , Merk earned 79 cents a share ." )

Input: In last year 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 171.4 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In September 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 171.4 million ." , " In last year 's Third quarter , Eli earned $ 1.20 a share ." )

Input: Several analysts said they expected Warner - Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it reported in the like period last year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Several analysts said they expected Warner-Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million , it reported in the like period last year ." , " Several analyst said they expect Warner-Southambert 's profit to increase By more than 16 % from approximately $ 1.25 a share , it reported earlier in the Like period yesterday year ." )

Input: The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years ." , " The company has praised for shedding numerous companies with low profit margins ." )

Input: Squibb 's profit , estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it earned in the third quarter of 1988 , was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Squibb 's profit , estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , it earned in the third quarter of 1988 , was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure ." , " Squabb 'S profit , projected by analysts at a $ 121 million , It earned in a third quarter , was a result of particularly strong sales for treating other heart disease ." , $ 1.25 a share , it claimed in the Third quarter of 1989 , was The result of even strong sales sales of itself Capoteten drug For treating high tissue pressure ." and " Squib B 's profits , estimated at a share )

Input: Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering - Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % , and Bristol - Meyers 's expected profit increase of about 13 % are largely because those companies are really managed well .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering-Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % are largely because those companies are really managed well ." , " Mr. Ricardocardoof Bear Stairns said Bristol-Meyers 's predicted profit increase of about 13 % are mostly because those firms are really decided well ." )

Input: ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million , or 84 cents a share , while Bristol - Myers earned $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , in the like period a year earlier .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs , Feldene for treating arthritis , and Procardia , a heart medicine , have shrunk because of increased competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs , Feldene for treating arthritis , have shrunk because of increased competition ." , " Sales of Procardia , a heart medicine , have widened because of reduced competition ." )

Input: In the third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million , or $ 1.29 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million ." , " In the fourth quarter last week , Pfizers earned $ 1.29 a share ." )

Input: Analysts said they expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , it earned a year ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Upjohn 's biggest - selling drugs are Xanax , a tranquilizer , and Halcion , a sedative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Upjohn 's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax , a tranquilizer ." , " Upjohn 's biggest-sell drugs are Halcion , a sedative ." )

Input: Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines about the excessive use of the drugs ." , " Sales of each drugs have be hurt by adverse publicity about the unnecessary use of certain drugs ." )

Input: Also , the company 's hair - growing drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year , but the company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising , analysts said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , the company 's hair-growing drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year , analysts said ." COORDINATIONS ( " Also , the company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print campaigns for advertising , researchers said ." , " Also , it 's profit away the drugs has been decreased by UpJohn 's costly television campaigns for ads , analysts told ." ))

Input: Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million , or 12 cents a share , in the year - earlier period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million , in the year-earlier period ." , " RelationalTechnology reported net profit of 12 cents a share , in The year-airlier periods ." )

Input: While our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president ." , " While our domestic operations showed weak growth , we domestic business , was significantly below expectations , said Paul Hudson , chief executive officer ." )

Input: A spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft , and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft ." , " A spokesman declined to say computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales ." )

Input: Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales , and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales ." , " Mr. Hudson said that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned ." )

Input: In the previous quarter , the company earned $ 4.5 million , or 37 cents a share , on sales of $ 47.2 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the previous quarter , the company earned $ 4.5 million , on sales of $ 47.2 million ." , " In the prior quarter , management earned 37 cents a share , on orders of $ 49.2 m." )

Input: The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and , of course , the Yankees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- ." , " The Bronx also has the Yankees ." )

Input: But Laura Cunningham 's Bronx , her childhood Bronx of the ' 50s , is something else altogether .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a lovely , novelistic memoir , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics and the occasional Catholic -LRB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend , the hell - kitten Diana , age five -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a lovely , novelistic memoir , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics ." , " In a fabulous , novelistically memoir , Doing Arrangement -L213 pages , # 18.95 --RRB- " , " in a lovely , novelistic biography , Sleeping arrangements --LRB KnopF , 193 pages , fiscal 18.93 -RRb- , he remembers an obscure playground , leopled primarily by the occasional Catholic -LDB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend , the hell-kitten Diana , age five -RR billion- ." )

Input: Ms. Cunningham , a novelist and playwright , has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ms. Cunningham , a novelist , has a vivid sense of recall ." , " Ms. She , a writer , has an dramatically outsized sense of recalls .",'Ms . Hutton , a playwright , has A vivid sense that recall has a dramatically outsize sense of recalling ." ,

Input: She transforms her Bronx of the emotions , a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx , a world simmering with sex and death and intrigue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Babylonian Bronx , Jewish working - class people lived in drab , Soviet - style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB- , whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks , friezes of Pompeii .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharp - witted and funny but never mean , she 's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote , if he 'd been Jewish and female and less bitchy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sharp-witted , if he 'd been Jewish ." , " never mean , she 's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote , if she 'd be female .",'never mean , she'slitted , though he've been less bitchy ." ))

Input: Rosie reinvented this man , who may or may not have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie reinvented this man , who may have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit ." , " Rosie catapulted this guy , who perhaps not have known until Lily 'S benefit ." )

Input: Rosie died young and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie died young ." , " Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets ." )

Input: The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards , but Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure ." COORDINATIONS ( " The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards ." , " The games Queens children played by -NLRB- stripping them , for instance -RRb- " ))

Input: Without official knowledge of sex or death , we flirted with both , she writes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Without official knowledge of sex , we flirted with both , she writes ." , " Without official understanding of death , we nirted with Both , she argues ." )

Input: Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept ." , " Maybe Lily becomes so obsessed by how because her own arrangements kept shifting ." )

Input: When Rosie died , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When Rosie died , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping arrangements ." , " When Rosies died , she uncles brought in --and let her made the other household arrangements ." )

Input: They painted the apartment orange , pink and white , according to her instructions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They paint the apartment orange , according to her instructions ." , " They painted the apartment pink , According to her directions ." , " )

Input: With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe , an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Uncle Len , a mysterious part - time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , like an undercover President on a good - will mission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe , an Orthodox Jew -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; ." , " With devoted detail she recounts her Uncle Len , a mysterious part-time investigator who looked like Lincoln , like an undercover President on a good-will mission .",'With loving aspect she recalls Linda , a mystery part-life investigator who carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , like a undercover President in a good -will mission . With loving details she recalls my Uncle Teddy Teddy , an New York Times writer -NLRB-who rhymed River with liver-related death -RRb- ." COORDINATOR ( " With caring detail he recalls her Aunt Laurie , an American Jew -NLNLRB-who rhyming river with kidney in a Love song -RB- ." , " ' With loving depth she recalls me Aunt Laurie -LNLRB -- who song lyricist -LKR- who lyrically river with kidneys in a hate song --RRB- " ))

Input: Lily 's grandmother , no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album , and lugged around her perennial work - in - progress , Philosophy for Women .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lilly 's grandmother , no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album ." , " Lily 's aunt , no bake baker , lugged around her perennial work-in-progress , Philosophy for Women ." )

Input: The book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys ." , " The book wins some momentum towards theend , when Lucy becomes less with her delightfully weird family ." )

Input: But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped and static .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped ." , " But both The past and past worlds of the Current Climate --LRB  Atlantic MonthlyPress , 200 page , $ 18.95 --RRB- " )

Input: Harry is now a 57 - year - old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems quaintly out - of - synch .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry is now a 57-year-old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood seems quaintly out-of-synch ." , " Harry is Now a 57 -year-olds writer , who continuing flirtations with drugs or marginal types elsewhere in New York seems quaintingly out- of-Synch ." )

Input: Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug - seeking forays into Manhattan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan ." , " Harry has narrowly seems to ignore when her wife disappears for drugs-seeking Forays into Queens ." )

Input: But it does n't take too many lines to figure Harry out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 21 - square - mile area is contaminated with lead , zinc and other metals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 21-square-mile area is contaminated with lead metals ." , " The 21 -square-foot area is polluted with zinc ." ))

Input: The company , which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third - quarter statement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company , which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements ." , " The company , which issued the statement on Friday , added that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement ." )

Input: The agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agreement are subject to court approval , the company said ." , " The consent decree are subjectto court approval , the company disclosed ." )

Input: Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the Superfund law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement it may incur under the Superfund law ." , " Gulf Resources said that it is seeking to recover unequal contribution from other for both any other liabilities it may incurred under the superfund law . )

Input: Many of the nation 's highest - ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of the nation 's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players ." , " Many of our nation 'S highest-profile executives saluting Friday 'S market plunge As an overdue gouppance to takeover players " )

Input: Assuming that the market does n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy - out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Assuming that the market does n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out of recent years may be abating ." , " Assuming that Congress Congress did n't face into a topless free slide , some officials think Thursday 's actions could prove quite a ray of bad news-as a signal that the takeover frenzy of recent look may be erating ." )

Input: The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 ." , " I ' I 'm just worry about another day 'S decline , says Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Systems Corp. President , who only strolling under the bright yellow leaves of his mountains hereafter his company-s shares plummeted $ five.75 To close at about $ 86 million50 ." )

Input: The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The fact that this happened two years ago gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem ." , " the fact that there was a recovery gives people a comfort that This wo nt be a solution ." )

Input: Of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators ." , " Of course . , established Corporate managements tend to disagree the setbacks in takeover artists ." )

Input: Indeed , one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Indeed , one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump ." )

Input: Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall smiled broadly and said : No comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall said : No comment ." , " Asked whether Thursday 's intervention could help he avoid being Donalded by a New York actual estate magnates , Mrs. Crbutall smiled broadly ." , " ))

Input: Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years , and in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years , said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co .." , " in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , said James Preston , vice chairman of the Business council ." )

Input: The real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market ." , " The Real estate slump That 's dragging down the prices of New Yorkers housing is also impacting the city-s retail estate market .

Input: In Manhattan , once - desirable store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Manhattan , once-desirable store sites sit vacant ." , " In Manhattan , newly constructed space has been slow to fill ." )

Input: Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy , turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy ." , " Retail Real estate brokers said tenants are unwilling to sign leasing because of turmoil in their own industries .",'Retail real Estate brokers say renters are reluctant not to sign lease because of a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom ." )

Input: A handful of hot retail locations , such as the 57th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A handful of hot retail locations , such as the 57th Street areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents ." , " A handful of hottest retail locations , such as Madison areas , are been able than what many hear as astronomical leases .",'A handfulof hot retail sites , suchas Fifth Avenue areas , has been able as astronomical rent ." )

Input: And , in some neighborhoods , rents have merely hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But on average , Manhattan retail rents have dropped 10 % to 15 % in the past six months alone , experts say .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As businesses contract or depart , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As businesses contract , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc." , " As businesses depart , a number of staffers who might utilize retail services plantsinks , contends Edward A. Friedman , chief vice president for Helmsleys Spear Inc .." )

Input: He says financial problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In these locations , Mr. Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In these locations , Mr. Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady ." , " in some cases have declined ." )

Input: It is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hooker Corp. , parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman 's , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings and Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hooker Corp. , parent of Bonwit Teller , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings ." , " Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp.",'''The B. Altman 's , is erired in insol proceedings ." ))

Input: But , despite the recent softening , for many of these retailers there 's still been too big a jump from the rental rates of the late 1970s , when their leases were signed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot , and $ 250 is not uncommon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 250 is not uncommon ." , " East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot ." COORDINATOR ( " Madison said that apartments of $ 250 are not uncommon . Madison said Friday , " Fifth Avenues said that rooms of $ 350 is not unusual ." ))

Input: By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And rents on Beverly Hills'Rodeo Drive generally do n't exceed about $ 125 a square foot .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It makes investment castings and has traded over - the - counter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It makes investment castings ." , " It has traded over-the-counter ." )

Input: This role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal and moderate allies , Justices Thurgood Marshall , Harry Blackmun and John Stevens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal and moderate allies , Justices Thurgood Marshall ." , " This role turnaround holds true , as well , for his 3 liberal and progressive allies , Harry Blackmun ." and John Stevens ." )

Input: But are these four players , three of them in their 80s , ready to assume a different role after 88 years , collectively , of service on the high court ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , and the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , but in different ways ." ))

Input: Justices Brennan and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justices Brennan appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall appear fighting mad ." , " Justices Nammun appear battling mad ." )

Input: But always , in years past , they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But always , in years past , they have bucked the trend ." COORDINATOR ( " But never , in months past , I have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights cases ." , " But always , in years previous , they were able to select up a seventh vote to mailke out A number of big victories in liberties cases ." ))

Input: But Justice Brennan foresaw his new role , strongly defending the importance of dissents in a 1985 speech .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions , he said ." , " Each time it revisits An issue , judges will be compelled by a court to rethink the result , he added ." )

Input: Associates of 81 - year - old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court 's direction last spring , but is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court 's cutbacks in civil rights .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Associates of 81-year-old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court 's direction last spring ." COORDINATIONS ( " Associations of 81 year-old Judge Marshall say Justice Marshall is feisty about his role ." , " Associatesof 81-month-old Attorney Marshall say He is determined to speak out against the Court 's cutbacks in civil rights ." ))

Input: We could sweep it under the rug and hide it , but I 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month ." COORDINATIONS ( " We could sweep it under the rug , he told in a rally last month .." , " We could hide it , He said in an speech late month ." ))

Input: Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brennan are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says ." , " Marshall are talking in their dissentents to the more distant past , he adds ." )

Input: Friends and associates who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friends said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years ." , " associates who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he is no more prevented about the courts than in previous years ." )

Input: And his outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his level of frustration showed in a recent , impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He concluded his remarks by quoting , emotionally and at some length , according to those present , the late Martin Luther King 's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Justice Stevens , 69 , is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justice Stevens , 69 , is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others ." )

Input: The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited , says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School , but the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited , says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School ." , " the dissenters today are defending a memory that they created ." )

Input: The government sold the deposits of four savings - and - loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts , but low bids prevented the sale of a fifth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big thrifts ." , " low bids prevented the sale of a fifth ." )

Input: Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas and Florida .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas ." , " Two of those four biggest thrifts are sold to OhioNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.c . , who has aggressively expanding its markets , particularly in Florida ." )

Input: Under these deals , the RTC sells just the deposits and the healthy assets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under these deals , the RTC sells just the deposits ." , " Under these deal , the LTC sells the healthy assets ." )

Input: Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits and branch systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting ." , " Acquicaters paid deductibles ranging from 0.5%- to 3%-7 % For the branch systems , approximately in line With what analysts are expecting ." )

Input: But it 's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps .
Prediction: NONE

Input: NCNB , for example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market , and in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NCNB , for example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market ." , " in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities ." )

Input: The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines , but the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines ." , " the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency ." )

Input: NCNB continued its foray into the Florida and Texas markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NB continued its foray into the Florida markets ." , " NB continued their foray into The Texas markets ." )

Input: It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets , and receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets ." , " It will receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC ." )

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission : " , " The following topics were recently submitted with the Exchange Commission : " : )

Input: Limited Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities and warrants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Limited Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities ." , " Limited Inc. , offering a range of options ." )

Input: Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , John Nuveen & Co. , Prudential - Bache Capital Funding , and Bateman Eichler , Hill Richards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nuen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc .." , " Nuen National Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial listing of five billion common shares , via John Nuveen & Co. , Prudential-Bache Capital Funding ." , " )

Input: PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare and 800,000 shares by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- PacifiCare 's 71 % -RRB- , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PaciCare Health Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc .." , " Pacificare Health Systems Corp. , proposal offering of 500,000 Shares will be available by PaciHealth America Inc. -LRB- PacifiHealthCare 's 71 % -RRB- , via Goldman , Sachs & Co .." and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc." )

Input: Pricor Inc. , offering of one million new shares of common stock and 300,000 shares by holders , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and J.C. Bradford & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pelor Inc. , offering of one million new shares of common stock , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .." , " Pelor Corp. , launching of onem new shares , via J.C. Bradford & Co.",'Pelor INC . , seeking of 300,000 shares by holders , via Rrexel Barnham Lambert Jr .." and " Peler Inc. , offering of 250,000 share by holders , via Jody C. Bradfordand Co." )

Input: Time magazine , in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine , in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates ." , " Time magazine , in a push to reduce costs of befriending new users , is cutting back on merchandise giveaways ." )

Input: In an announcement to its staff last week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de - emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000 , to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an announcement to its staff last week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000 , to four million ." , " In an announcements to its colleagues last week , executives at time Warner Inc. 's monthly magazine said Money will dramatically increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55 ." )

Input: Time is following the course of some other mass - circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , and expensive , circulations is the way to draw advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , circulations is the way to draw advertisers ." , " Time is Following the courseof some other massive-circulations magazines thatin recent years has challenged the printing myth that preserving artificially expensive , circulators is the direction to draw marketers ." )

Input: In recent years , Reader 's Digest , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , and most recently News Corp. 's TV Guide , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent years , Reader 's Digest , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation ." , " In most recently News Corp. 's TV Guide , have slashed their huge circulation rate base to hold down rates for advertisers ." )

Input: Deep discounts in subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper - competitive world of magazine news - weeklies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Deep discounts in subscriptions have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper-competitive world of magazine news-weeklies ." COORDINATEDATION ( " offers of free clock radios have become rejected forms of attracts new subscribers to the Hyper-competitive World of magazine editors-weeklers ." , " offers of right clock watches have become considered forms of attract new subscribers at the hyper -competitive world that magazine newsweeklies ..." ))

Input: But Time , as part of the more cost - conscious Time Warner , wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength and actually a benefit to advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength ." , " Time magazine staffers predictably paint it cut as actually a benefit to advertisers ." )

Input: What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and do n't really read it , said Mr. Heinemann .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine , said Mr. Heinemann ." , " What we were doing is screenings out the editors who do n't really read it , said Ms. Heinenann ." )

Input: We are trying to create quality and involvement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We are trying to create quality ." , " We are attempting to create involvement ." )

Input: And Time 's paid circulation , according to Audit Bureau of Circulations , dropped 7.3 % to 4,393,237 in the six months ended June 30 , 1989 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber , or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber after discounts have been stripped away ." , " Mr. Heinemann added the changes reflect a new emphasis in the publication industry : the cost of premiums have been wiped away ." COORDINATOR ( " Mr. Heinem Ann said the amendments represent a New focus in our magazine industry : the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts has been stripped apart ." , " ))

Input: Time 's rivals news - weeklies , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report , are less reliant on electronic giveaways , and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time 's rivals news-weeklies , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek , are less reliant on electronic giveaways , and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases ." , " Time 'S rivals news prelies , U.S. News & World Report , are more dependent on electronic giveaway , and have been expanding their circulation rates bases ." )

Input: Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for 1990 within a month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates for 1990 within a month ." , " Both magazines were expected to reveal their circulation levels for 1990 in a month ..." )

Input: It is bigger , faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is bigger than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks ." , " It is faster than the editors divisions of each of the four major broadcast systems .",'It is more profitable than the announcements divisions of anyone of the five major cable networks ." )

Input: But for all its success , CNN has hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CNN executives worry that the network 's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale and wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable - TV .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN executives worry that the network 's punchy news format may be getting stale and wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news on cable-TV ." , " CNN executives fear that the networks 's bitey but repetitive news format will be getting frivolous and wo N't keep audiences coming back As the alternatives vanish for information on cable TV ." )

Input: Just the fact we 're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin , says Ed Turner , CNN 's executive vice president , news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Just the fact we 're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin , says Ed Turner , CNN 's executive vice president , news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB- ." )

Input: So CNN , a unit of Atlanta - based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel , or what people in the television industry call a top of mind network .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So CNN , a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel ." , " So what people in the television industry call a top of mind network ." )

Input: The show will be co - anchored by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier , a 34 - year - old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The show will be co-anchored by Bernard Shaw , a 34-year-old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television ." , " The show has been co-investored by Francis Shaw and Catherine Crier , a 38-yearth-old retired Texas judge who have never held A job in journalism ." )

Input: To distinguish itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global - news program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To differentiate itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage ." , " To distinguish itself , NBC is also adding a second global-news program ." )

Input: It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure experienced staffers ." , " It is also paying higher wages -- after months of scrimped -- to keep experienced staffers . )

Input: And it is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large investigative - reporting team .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that wo n't be easy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs that viewers will tune in specially to see ." , " It also took money that NBC has been unwilling to spend on hire talent that viewers would tune in scientifically to see circumstances ." )

Input: And the cable - TV operators -- CNN 's distributors and part owners -- like things just the way they are .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And the cable-TV operators -- CNN 's distributors -- like things just the way they are ." , " And so the cable TV operators -- CBS 's part owners -- like stuff just the ways they are .." )

Input: The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership -- and what may happen to it as the cable - TV news market grows more competitive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership ." , " what may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive ." )

Input: Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future ." , " Already , ABC is facing weaker competition from Consumer News Network Corp. and Business Channel , Both of which were likely to seek more general News in the near future ." )

Input: In addition , many cable - TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs produced by local broadcast stations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Its watchers are , on the whole , a disloyal group of channel - zapping grazers and news junkies , who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its watchers are , on the whole , a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers , who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research ." , " Its watwatchers are , on the entire , another disloyal militant of news junkies , who spent an average- 26 minutes just a day seeing CNN , According to audience Research ." )

Input: The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , and advertising , become more important to cable - TV channels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , become more important to cable-TV channels ." , " The brief scrutiny viewers give NBC could set it at the disadvantage as advertising , become More important to cables-TV stations ." )

Input: It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker than other networks ." , " It focused focusing on buildingup its news Bureaus across the world , so as times took place It could go go live longer than other network ." )

Input: It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak , Daywatch , Newsday , and Newsnight , but the shows varied little in content , personality or look .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak , Daywatch , ." , " the shows varied little in personality .",'the shows ranged little in look ." COORDINATOR ( " It filled its weekly schedule with newsday , ." ))

Input: And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry King Live and Crossfire talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry King Live talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in ." , " And it has exploring other previous programs , akin to its Crossfire talk shows )

Input: Then there 's The World Today , the prime - time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then there 's The World Today , the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw ." , " Then there haves The world Today , The prime-life newspast featuring Ms. Crier ." )

Input: But 70 % of the cable - television - equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. , the network discovered , so CNN wants in .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , says Reuven Frank , the former two - time president of NBC News and creator of the Huntley - Brinkley Report .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , says Reuven Frank , the former two-time president of NBC News ." , " I find the hard to reproduce of people switches over to NBC for what , at leastin the public 's mind , is the opposite news , say Reuval Frank , creator of the Huntley-Brinkley Report ." )

Input: CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % , but they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % ." , " they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks ." )

Input: But to improve , they 've really got to make the investment in people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Pennzoil\/Texaco litigation , the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the Pennzoil\/Texaco litigation , the courts found Pennsylvaniazoil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be doomed ." , " In the PennsylvaniazOil\/Texamo litigation , in the courts find Getty Oil intended to been bound ; in Arcadian Tosphates They found there were no intention at be bound ." )

Input: But the outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the facts , as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits , were different .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting the orbit of speculation ." , " When you indicate otherwise , you enter the orbitof speculation ." )

Input: The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received ." , " The Community Insight Act requires loan associations to give money in amount related to area where deposits were received ." )

Input: Terms were n't disclosed , but Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Terms were n't disclosed ." COORDINATIONS ( " Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain ." , " Valley Federal said it expects to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually ." ))

Input: Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ValleyFederal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches ." , " Valley Federal said Thursday that it was considering whether not pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements ." )

Input: Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers ." , " Lawyers for hundreds of creditors , are trying quite a tack in its efforts to remove some lawsuits filed by creditors , creditors .",'Lawyers for thousands of bankruptcyvent loan associations are attempting a new look in their attempts to remove any suits filed with borrowers , builders ." , " ))

Input: The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits , numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone , should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion , and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Still , the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas ." , " Still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion ." COORDINATOR ( " the lawyers are renewed their proceedings in eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law ." ))

Input: The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 73 million last year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas ." , " The dismissal thereof of the litigation suits could lead a short way toward reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 73 million last year ." )

Input: Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including FSLIC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sunbelt argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including FSLIC ." , " the FSLic argued to obtain the Fifth Circuit Court in Appeals that There will never been any assets to satisfy such a judgment on Sunbelt Saving nor any way to collect away any other parties , including fSLIC provisions ." )

Input: But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the court said it sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas ." Coroner said it lacked enough financial information about the FSLIC ." , " But the Court said it did not need financial information from the courts ." ))

Input: But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group , the developer of Valley Ranch , dismisses such arguments as a defense du jour .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 'd take the Valley Ranch free as a booby prize ." , " We 'll take the valley Ranch clear as the booby prizes ." )

Input: Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home , but has found the commute too difficult to continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Thygerson said he has found the commute too difficult to continue ." COORDINATED COVERAGE

Input: SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC 's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SOUTHAFRICA FREED the ANC 's Sisulu ." , " SOUTH AFRICA TRANSED seven other political prisoners ." )

Input: But his release within the next few months is widely expected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots , and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports , and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people to move the cargo ." , " The SovietUnion reported that hundreds of tons worth items needed to lift widespread shortages in the nation was piled up up at airports , and health shipments were rotten because of lack of equipment to move it cargo ." COORDINATIONS ( " Britain reported that tens of tonsof goods needed for ease widespread shipments across the country were piling up at ships , and rail depots , ." ))

Input: Strikes and mismanagement were cited , and Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures ." COORDINATIONS ( " Stores were cited ." , " mismanagement were cited " ))

Input: Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape and incest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape ." , " Bush indicated that might be rooms for flexibility as a bill that allows state funding of abortion for poor men who are allocatingims of incest ." )

Input: He reiterated his opposition to such funding , but expressed hope of a compromise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He reiterated his opposition to such funding ." , " He expressed hope of a compromise ." )

Input: South Korea 's President Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five - day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Roh , who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow and is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rohoh , who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow ." , " Roh , who has faced calls for Congress on Wednesday ." )

Input: China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti - party elements and wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters ." COORDINATOR ( " China 's Communist Party voted to discard the party 's hostile elements ." , " China 'S Communist leadership vote to purgethe party of anti-party elements ." ))

Input: Zaire 's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zaire 's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war ." , " Zaire-s President Electutu joined in southernFrance with a senior U.S. envoy in a attempt to revive An accord to ending Angola 'S civil war .

Input: The decision is the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. Posner that began in August .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One week later , Leonard H. Roberts , president and chief executive officer of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One week later , Leonard H. Roberts , president of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner ." , " One week earlier , LeonardH. Roberts , chief executive officer of Ar by 's , was firedin a dispute involving Mr. Posner ." )

Input: The franchisees , owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby 's system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The franchisees , owners of 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby-s system ." , " The operators of 2,000 of the 1,800 franchised Darby 'S in the United U.s . , added : We are concluded that continuing control of arby'systems by Jonathan Posner indicates totally appalling to us , because it the is extremely unlikely to cause inexparable damage directly the Ar by 's systems ." )

Input: We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc .." , " We support the Arby 's system ." )

Input: The group said it would consider , among other things , withholding royalty payments and initiating a class - action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Florida , Renee Mottram , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : We do n't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self - serving motives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Florida , Renee Mottram , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : We do n't think any individual should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives ." , " In Florida , ReneeMottram , a senior Vice president atDWG , replied : We Do n't believe any group should disrupt the winning system and illegally interfere in existing contractual partnerships for their very self-running motives ." )

Input: September 's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists , and the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" September 's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists ." , " the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday ." )

Input: That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August , and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August ." , " That rise suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy ." )

Input: But economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself , but what is even worse is that excluding food and energy , the producer price index still increased by 0.7 % , said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself ... what is even worse is that excluding food , the producer price index still increased by 0.7 % , said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers ." , " what is perhaps worse is what is if excluding energy , the producers price index now increased by -7 % people , said Alan Richards , a economist at The National Association Of Manufacturers ...

Input: But Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices and the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices for the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump ." , " But Sung won Sohn , chief economist for Norwest Inc. in Minnesota , blamed the annual September jump in Car prices for Most of theSeptember jump ." )

Input: Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index , but the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index ." , " the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated ." )

Input: But Dirk Van Dongen , president of the National Association of Wholesaler - Distributors , said that last month 's rise is n't as bad an omen as the 0.9 % figure suggests .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If you examine the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad - based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods , he explained .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If you examine the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer goods , he explained ." , " If you evaluate the data closely , the rise is concentrated on energy and vehicle prices , rather than having a broadened advance in what prices of industrial goods , He explained ." )

Input: Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September , after climbing 0.5 % in August and declining in the late spring and summer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September , after climbing 0.5 % in August ." COORDINATOR ( " Passenger vehicle prices jumped 4.8 ))

Input: But at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices , analysts said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices for crude goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices for petroleum goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August ." , " Prices for crude goods , An array of crude materials , climbed 1.2 % in July ." )

Input: Here are the Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment , and the percentage changes from September , 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here are the Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment ." , " Here are just the percentage changes from September , 1988 ." )

Input: In the year - earlier period , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 , but no per - share earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 and no per-share earnings ." )

Input: CityFed 's president and chief executive officer , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CityFed 's president , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors ." , " CityFed 's chief executive officer , JohnAtherton , said the losses stems from a factors ." )

Input: He said nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 700 million from $ 516 million between June and September .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Accordingly , CityFed estimated that it will provide between $ 85 million and $ 110 million for credit losses in the third quarter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey ." , " City Federal manages 105 banking branches in Florida ." )

Input: CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida and , as a result , is taking a charge for discontinued operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in Florida ." , " CityFed , as a result , is taking a charge for discontinued operations ." )

Input: He added , however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves , the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added , however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing , the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range ." , " He added )

Input: In a statement , Miami - based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses and apparent losses in its junk - bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement , Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends ." , " In a written , Miami Herald-based ComenTrust added the regulators criticized apparent losses in operating losses for its junk -bond portfolios in ordering a suspension of all dividends ." )

Input: David L. Paul , chairman and chief executive officer , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was inappropriate and based on insufficient reasons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" David L. Paul , chairman , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was inappropriate for insufficient reasons ." , " David L. Paul , chief executive officer , criticized Los Angeles federal Office , Thrift supervision , who issued the directives , saying that it was based on insufficient reasons necessary reasons ." )

Input: In March , regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution , largely because of its big junk - bond holdings and its operating losses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In March , regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution , largely because of its big junk-bond holdings ." , " In March , regulators labeled ComenTrust A troubled institution , largely becauseof its operating losses ." )

Input: Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities Commission ." , " Mr. Paul said only only about Dec 150 millionof the current portfolios are tradingable securities filed with the Exchange Commission ." )

Input: The remainder , he said , are commercial loan participations , or private placements , that are n't filed with the SEC and do n't have a ready market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The remainder , he said , are commercial loan participations , that are n't filed with the SEC , that do n't have a ready market ." , " The remainder , he said , are private placements , that were n't filing with the Securities , that did n't do a prepared market ." )

Input: CenTrust and regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CiticTrust have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds ." , " regulators have been engaged in a disagreement over market valuation for the crap bonds ." )

Input: The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings , but CenTrust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings ." COORDINATOR ( " CenSunTrust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds ." , " CenWhere CenControl has said that ca nt easily obtain these values because because of lack of a ready market ." ))

Input: Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's and other thrifts'junk - bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's and other thrifts'junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk-Bond market ." )

Input: In a statement Friday , Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses and apparent junk - bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement Friday , Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank ." , " In a written Friday , Ms. Paul challenging the regulators ' decision , said the apparent junk-bond losses have be substantially offsetby gains in related activities of our bank ." )

Input: Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most analysts had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now ." , " Most thrift executives had expected quite the decision on The proposed transaction , which was unveiled in July , long before then ." )

Input: Branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Branches can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution ." , " deposits can be bought at a discount in the rally federal regulators took over an institutions ." )

Input: CenTrust , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 150 million and reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CitenTrust , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 150 million ." , " CitenVal , however , touts its branch sale , saying it will reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion ." )

Input: It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million , or about 1.2 % of assets , from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million , or about 1.2 % of assets , from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards ." )

Input: Critics , however , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits and junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Critics , however , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits ." , " Critics , meanwhile , say that branch sale wo n't make CenedTrust more reliant than ever On junk bonds ." )

Input: The thrift is also working to unload its junk - bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds , and it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds ." , " it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law ." )

Input: But perhaps even more remarkable , the three - hour - show , Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- , regularly wins the top slot in the country 's TV ratings , sometimes drawing as many as 50 % of West German households .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the 1992 economic integration approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism , threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas , Miami Vice and L.A. Law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As the 1992 economic integration approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism , threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas as Miami Vice ." , " As as the 1992 Economic integration approaches , Europe ' 90s cultural refators have took to the rampsarts against America culture imperialism , threatened to impose quota against such rock invaders as L.A. Law ." )

Input: But much of what the Europeans want to protect seems every bit as cheesy as what they are trying to keep out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe ." , " The most jihadist opposition to America TV imports comes from French movie producers , whose have demanded quota ensuring that an full 60 ))

Input: A glance through the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A glance through the television listings suggest one reason why ." , " a few twists of the European television dial suggest one explanation why ." )

Input: While there are some popular action and drama series , few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While there are some popular action series , few boast the high culture one might expect ." , " While thereare some popular actions series , others boast the classy production values one might want .",'While there Are some popular drama series , little boast the High culture one would expect ." ; " While There are some recent drama series , few boast classy production principles one might anticipate ." )

Input: More European air time is filled with low - budget game shows , variety hours , movies and talk shows , many of which are authorized knock - offs of their American counterparts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows , variety hours , many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts ." , " More European Air time is packed with movies , many aspects which are permitted knock-off of their British counterparts ." ; " More Europe air time has filled with talk shows , many times which are approved knock-outs of their European counterparts ." )

Input: Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans - Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying their combined weight in potato pancakes ." , " Mr.burt nonetheless provided the penalty for he had won , concluding to spend part of a day by West German foreign Minister Hans- " )

Input: European programs usually target only their own local audience , and often only a small portion of that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mega - hits in Germany or Italy rarely make it even to France or Great Britain , and almost never show up on U.S. screens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mega-hits in Germany rarely make it even to Great Britain ." , " Mega-hiits in France rarely show up on U.S. screens .",'Mega-hoits in Italy rarely show in Britain ." ))

Input: For the most part , what 's made here stays here , and for good reason .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For the most part , what 's made here stays here ." , " For good reason ." )

Input: There is , for instance , One Man and His Dog , a herding contest among sheep dogs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Also riveting to the British are hours of dart - throwing championships , even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also riveting to the British are hours of dart-throwing championships , even more hours of lawn bowling contests ." , " Also averting to The British are still more hours in snooker marathons ." )

Input: A French knock - off of Dallas , called Chateauvallon and set in a French vineyard , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real - life auto accident .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A French knock-off of Dallas , called Chateauvallon , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident ." , " A French knocked-off from Dallas , set in a French vineyard , had had a bad run in French , which end after the male lead was hurt in a Real-life automotive accident ." )

Input: Schwarzwaldklinik , -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa , is popular in Germany , and has spread into France .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Schwwarzwaldklinik , -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa , is popular in Germany ." , " Schwwarzenklinika , -RCRB- black Forest Clinic --RRB- " )

Input: Italy 's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra , or The Octopus , which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Italy 's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra , which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia ." , " Italy 'S most popular Series is a comedy called The Octopus , which recountsicles the battle of a idealistic teenage investigator at Palermos against the mafia ." )

Input: But frequently there is n't much choice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 've basically got to start from scratch , to train writers and producers to make shows that other people will want to see , concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 've basically got to start from scratch , to train writers to make shows that other people will want to see , concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School ." , " We 're basically gots to startfrom scratch , aims to train producers to make show that other million will want you see , acknowledges Colin Young , head of London 's national Film Theatre school ." )

Input: Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time ." COORDINATED COVERAGE

Input: Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most American programs are .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad , as most American programs are ." , " Since production expenses were guaranteed yesterday , it was guaranteed , It did nt matter that A program could n't be put into syndication , as best American programs were ." )

Input: But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap - to - make talk and game shows , while discouraging expensive - to - produce dramas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk shows , while discouraging expensive- to-produce dramas ." , " But not as money was spending on the show , either , a situation That encouraged game shows , despite discouraging expensive into-produced dramas ." )

Input: Now , however , commercial channels are coming to most European countries , and at the same time , satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now , however , commercial channels are coming to most European countries ." COORDINATOR ( " at the same time , satellite technology is spreading rapidly ." , " at the opposite time , cable technology is spread rapidly ." ))

Input: The result is a new and huge appetite for programming .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The result is a new appetite for programming ." , " The outcome is a huge appetite for programs ." )

Input: But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S .." , " But perhaps To the constertation of people calling for quota , mostof this void will likely to remain filled with most plentiful programming now accessible -- resruns -- normally of shows make in the United States .." )

Input: Lisa Grishaw - Mueller in Bonn , Laura Colby in Milan , Tim Carrington in London and Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to this article .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article ." , " Laura Colby in Milan contributed to the article ." COORDINATOR ( " Tim Carrington in London contributed to these article ." ))

Input: British Aerospace PLC and France 's Thomson - CSF S.A. said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided - missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" British Aerospace PLC said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors ." , " France 's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they were nearing an accord to merge its guided-projectile divisions , greatly expanding partnership between the the two defence contractors ." )

Input: The 50 - 50 joint venture , which may be dubbed Eurodynamics , would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world 's largest missile makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 50-50 joint venture , which may be dubbed Eurodynamics , would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world 's largest missile makers ." )

Input: After two years of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French and British government clearance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After two years of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French government clearance ." , " After two months of talks , plans for that the venture were sufficiently advanced to the firms to seek British government clearance . )

Input: The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies , and help make them a leading force in European defense contracting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In recent months , a string of cross - border mergers and joint ventures have reshaped the once - balkanized world of European arms manufacture .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months , a string of cross-border mergers have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture ." , " In recent weeks , a slew of joint ventures have reshaping the once -balkansized world the European arms manufacturing ." )

Input: Already , British Aerospace and French government - controlled Thomson - CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air - traffic control radar system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already , British Aerospace collaborate on a British missile contract ." , " Already , French Aerospace collaborate working on an air-traffic control radar system .",'Already , the French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on an British missile contracts ." ))

Input: The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry ." , " The sudden breakup of American Aerospace and Merrill-CSFs -- traditionally bloody competitors for Third World weapons contracts-is stirring scandal in WesternEurope 's defence industry ." )

Input: Most threatened by closer British Aerospace - Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France and Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most threatened by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France ." , " Most threatened to closer British aerospace-Thomsen ties would been their respective National rivals , include Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC ." )

Input: But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday , a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Yesterday , a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace ." , " Yesterday , A source closeto GEC added that his team may join The Ferrantisi fight , As part of the possible consortium That would bid to Thomson-CSF ." )

Input: Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra , Britain 's Dowty Group PLC , West Germany 's Daimler - Benz AG , and France 's Dassault group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra , Britain 's Dowty Group PLC , West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG , ." , " Companies with whom GEC had talks on a possible venture Ferranta bid include France 'S Dassault group ." )

Input: But it may be weeks before GEC and its potential partners decide whether to bid , the source indicated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it may be weeks before GEC decide whether to bid , the source indicated ." , " But it might be weeks weeks before its potential partners decide whether not bid , the source suggested ." )

Input: Also , any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense - electronics contracts , and its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country 's defense industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts ." , " Also , its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country 's defense industry ." )

Input: A consortium bid , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti and might consequently appease ministry officials .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium bid , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti ." , " A consortium bids , however , might consequently appease ministry officials ." )

Input: For both Thomson and British Aerospace , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight - fisted defense ministries ; and Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For both Thomson , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries ." , " For both Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices ." )

Input: The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co. , and Daimler - Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt - Boelkow Blohm G.m.b . H.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co .." , " The European defence industry is elevating ; for instance , Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b ." )

Input: In missiles , Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In missiles , Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership ." , " In missiles , Thomson is now overshadowed by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to improve compete , Reuters say , They need a partnerships ." )

Input: Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate ." , " Interstate , a major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said updated industry forecasts suggest that Canadian crude output will cumulative about 1 million barrels to the United States . , 7 % 42 than a prior estimate ." )

Input: The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping , and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins , vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial 's parent , Interhome Energy Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January and is expected to fall further , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s ." , " Mr. Sammy said volume in InterprovProvincial'system is expected to fall further , making growth unnecessary until maybe the mid mid-1980s ." )

Input: Many of Canada 's oil and gas producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil , and have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of Canada 's oil producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil ." , " Many of Alberta 's gas producers say that natural gas has shifted their development budgets accordingly .",'Many of Australia 's natural gas producers have shifted their exploration schedules accordingly ." COORDINATOR ( " Many members of Canada 's oil producer say they are shifting their exploration budgets accordingly . , " ))

Input: The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago , and the number of completed oil wells is down more than that , due to the increasing focus on gas exploration , said Robert Feick , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago , according to the increasing focus on gas exploration , said Robert Feick , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group ." , " the number of completed oil wells is down more than that , due to the increased focus on natural exploration , says Robert Feunk , manager for crude oil With Calgary 'S Independent Petroleum Federation of Canada , an industry groups ." )

Input: Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada , and almost 60 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Provincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada ." , " almost 60 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude ." )

Input: Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial 's system , whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region , including Chicago , Buffalo , Toronto and Montreal .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Canada 's current oil exports to the U.S. total about 600,000 barrels a day , or about 9.1 % of net U.S. crude imports , said John Lichtblau , president of the New York - based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That ranks Canada as the fourth - largest source of imported crude , behind Saudi Arabia , Nigeria and Mexico .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But when something is inevitable , you learn to live with it , he said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third - quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume and increased costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eastland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume ." , " Inland Steel Products Inc. forecasts to report That third-half earnings dropped nearly 50 % via the previousquarter as a consequence of increased costs ." )

Input: In the second quarter , the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share , including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 1.11 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the second quarter , the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million , including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 1.11 billion ." , " In the third quarter , the steelmaker also had net profit of $ 1.25 a share , including an pretax charges of $ 18 million related directly to the litigation of a lawsuit , on Sales of $ 31 billion ." )

Input: The company said normal seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said normal seasonal softness caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter ." , " The company added lost orders caused by protracted labor talks lowered shipments by 150,000 metric in the previous quarter , compares with the first quarter ." )

Input: At the same time , the integrated - steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair and maintenance expenses , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , the integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract ." , " At the Same time , The integrated-Steel business was hit by continued declines in repair expenses , As well as lower labor costs within its new contracts .",'At The same time , the integratedsteel business were hurt by accelerated increases in maintenance expenses , as opposed as higher labour costs under our new contract ..." )

Input: The service - center business was hurt by reduced margins and start - up costs associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit ." , " The service -center business is hurt by start-up costs associated with our Joseph T. Ryerson Associates & Son units ." )

Input: The company said it is beginning to see some shipping - rate improvements in both the intergrated - steel and steel - service - center segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said it is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter ." , " The company added it is starting to see more shipping-rates improvements in either the steel-service-center segments , which should result result in improvements for the seventh quarter ." )

Input: In the year - earlier third quarter , when the industry was in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 61 million , or $ 1.70 a share , on sales of $ 1.02 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier third quarter , when the industry was in in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 61 million , on sales of $ 1.02 billion ." , " In the Year-earliest third quarter , when the Industry was in the meantime of a recession , the companies had netof $ 1,70 a share , on marketing of $ 1.02 million ." )

Input: Take Microsoft Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Take Microsoft Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software ." , " Take Microsoft Inc. , considered an industry bellwether ." )

Input: But that was all of three months ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To illustrate , Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer - related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results , and half above those results .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To illustrate , Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer-related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results ." , " To illustrate , Mr. Van said thatof the 15 computer-driven firms he highlights , half above those results ." )

Input: Among those companies expected to have a down quarter are Hewlett - Packard Co. , Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. , generally solid performers in the past .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In July , the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million , or 23 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In July , the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million ." , " In July , the company noted that booming Sales of new or computers from IBM had resulted resulting in net profit more than doubled for its third quarter endedJune 30 to 23 cents a share ." )

Input: In computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers ." , " In computer printing , a fight over typeface is hurting Flash Systems Inc. , which publishes software that monitors the image generated by displays ." )

Input: Until recently , Adobe had a lock on the market for image software , but last month Apple , Adobe 's biggest customer , and Microsoft rebelled .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , Adobe had a lock on the market for image software ." COORDINATED ( " last month Apple rebelled ." , " last month Adobe 's biggest customer ." ))

Input: Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach , and analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach ." , " Now analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them ." )

Input: It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales , said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It creates uncertainty , said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group ." , " It usually slows down sales , saidRuss Crabs )

Input: IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H - P and Compaq Computer Corp. , have chosen another method .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H-P , have chosen another method ." , " IBM has chosen one typeof bus called Microchannel , although the nine others leading computer manufacturers , including Compaq Computer Corp. , have selected another methods ." )

Input: He said Apple 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses and no one seems to mind .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Apple 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses ." , " He said no one seems to mind ." )

Input: The gap between winners and laggards will grow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In personal computers , Apple , Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold on their business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In personal computers , Apple are expected to tighten their hold on their business ." , " In your computers , Compaq are expected changes their hold in their business . , " )

Input: Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business , but they have n't delivered products that sell , said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business , said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities ." , " they have n't delivered products that sell , said Leeball Brown , an analyst with Prudentially-Boust Securities ." )

Input: Ever - more powerful desk - top computers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains , are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ever-more powerful desk-top computers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains , are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes ." )

Input: As a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses H - P , IBM and Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor - based systems of their own .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses H-P are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own ." , " As a consequence of this pattern , retired powerhouses IBM are scrambling hard to counterattacks with microcontroller-based operations of their respective .",'As a as a result , longtime powershouses Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling a counterattack by microprocessor -based systems in their own . )

Input: But they will have to act quickly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So are Indiana ." , " So are Ohio .",'So are Michigan ." )

Input: Iowa , for instance , saw its population grow by 11,000 people , or 0.4 % , between 1987 and 1988 , the Census Bureau says .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Between 1987 and 1988 , North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population , a loss of 4,000 people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , South Dakota and Wisconsin .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois ." , " Six of October midwestern countries have been increasing steadily since 1970 -- Kansas .",'Six of September midwestern cities have been expanding steadily Since 1980 -- Minnesota ." , ? " ))

Input: And although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And although Pennsylvania suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again ." , " And although Massachusetts suffered slight losses earlier in The decade , we are seeing again ." )

Input: At the same time , several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , several states in the South have had their own population turnaround ." , " At the opposite time , Several states in The West have had its own populations turnaround ." )

Input: Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Montana , Wyoming and Alaska .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Overall , though , the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest , and fast - growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Overall , though , fast-growing states like Florida ensure that the pattern will continue ." , " Overall , however , the West still outpace the Midwest ." ))

Input: But the growth gap between the Sun Belt and other regions has clearly started narrowing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even after losing a spouse , more of the elderly are staying independent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even among those aged 75 and older , the share living with a spouse rose slightly , to 40 % in 1988 from 38 % in 1970 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 17 % of those aged 75 and older lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988 , down from 26 % in 1970 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Only 17 % of those aged 75 lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988 , down from 26 % in 1970 ." , " Only 17 ))

Input: More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically ." , " More people were remaining independent now presumably because their are betteroff financially ." )

Input: MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success and money above family .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" YELLY AFFLUENT people place personal success above family ." , " YELL YELL like YONE

Input: At least that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulman indicates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young indicates ." , " At least That 's exactly a survey of Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulman indicates ." )

Input: Being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Being successful in careers are top priorities for this group ." , " being successful in spending the money they make are top goals for this Group ." )

Input: Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 , and average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 , ." , " average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 ." )

Input: Across the board , these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Across the board , these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive ." )

Input: Despite their considerable incomes and assets , 40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure , and one - fourth do n't feel that they have made it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Despite their considerable incomes , 40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure ." , " Despite their substantial incomes , one-fourth do nt feel that they have made it ." , But despite their considerable assets , 30 % of people in the Study do n " )

Input: While twothirds feel some guilt about being affluent , only 25 % give $ 2,500 or more to charity each year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE NUMBER of women and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" THE NUMBER of women who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978 ." , " THE NUMB of minorities who hold positions in top Management in the country 's biggest banks has less than doubled until 1978 ." )

Input: The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials and managers in the top 50 banks , up from 33 % in 1978 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials in the top 50 banks , up from 33 % in 1978 ." , " The AmericanBankers Association say that women made up 47%- % of managers in the bottom 50 banks , up from 34 % in 1977 ." )

Input: The amount of income divvied up for each man , woman and child was $ 16,489 in 1988 , up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 54 % are women , and 44 % are part - time students .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" About 54 % are women ." , " 44 % are part-time students ." )

Input: Trouble with a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trouble with a capital T." COORDIN ( " that rhymes with P." , " that stands for pool ." ))

Input: Mayor Lynn Spruill and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mayor Lynn Spruill said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street ." , " two members of the council said they are worried about set a precedent That would permit pools halls along linked Addison 's primary street ." )

Input: And the mayor , in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Prof. Hill 's , warned that alcohol leads to betting , which leads to fights .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pool is hot in New York and Chicago , he insists , where upscale , suit - and - tie places are adding tables .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pool is hot in New York , he insists , where upscale , suit-and-tie places are adding tables ." , " Pool is the hot in Chicago , he admits , when upscale , suits-and not cross places are added tables ." )

Input: With today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do n't want to just sit around and drink .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do n't want to just sit around ." , " With today 's tougher drunken driving laws , he adds , people do not want to simply drink ." )

Input: Besides , rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski , where rooms average $ 200 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Besides , rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski , where rooms average $ 200 a night ." , " Besides , the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop ." )

Input: At the lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans , T - shirts or tennis shoes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans ." , " At the Lounge , manager Warren Dyer Wo n't say patrons in T-shirts ." ))

Input: But a majority of the Addison council did n't buy those arguments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After its previous mayor committed suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects , gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town 's coffers for trips and retreats .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After its previous mayor committed suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects , gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town 's coffers for trips ." , " After its past mayor committed death last year yesterday , an inquiry disclosed that city officials regularly went on planning for tours and retreats ." )

Input: The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS 's new show Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole , tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole , tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves ." , " Richard Chamberlain outfits as a Southland haoles , rolling up their long sleeves " )

Input: And the local expression for brother is brah , not bruddah .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty , if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left , not right , ear .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A good bet would be the tension between blacks and Jews in New York City .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or so it must seem to Jackie Mason , the veteran Jewish comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- 9:30 - 10 p.m. EDT -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup , and he 's currently a man in hot water .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup ." , " Not only he ' 90s currently a man in hot water ." )

Input: Here , in neutral language , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign , and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here , in neutral language , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign , and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company ." )

Input: As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , live television and the nightclub circuit , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular ." , " As a practitioners of ethnic humour from the Old days on live television , Mr. Mason sensed reached for The vernspectacular ." ))

Input: He said Jews were sick with complexes ; and he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , a fancy shvartze with a mustache .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Jews were sick with complexes ." , " he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , a fancy shvartze with a mustache ." )

Input: It probably would , because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group , such as Polish jokes ; and the type that is double - edged , aiming inward as well as outward .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latter typically is the humor of the underdog , and it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latter typically is the humor of the underdog ." , " it was perfected by both Jews on the minstrel stage as a means of mocking their gentile audiences along with themselves ." COORDINATOR ( " it was pioneered by both blacks on the vaudeville stage asa means of insulting their white audiences alongwith themselves .",'it was mastered by both whites on the jstrel Broadway as a way of mocking the gentile viewers along with ourselves ." COUD ( " it then is the wit of the outsider ." )) )

Input: In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double - edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double-edged blade could cut both the self to ribbons ." , " In the eyes of a patriot like Linda Bruce , these double-sharp blade could the audience to ribbers ." )

Input: But wielded by a pro like Jackie Mason , it is a constructive form of mischief .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co - existence of groups in conflict .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because despite all the media prattle about comedy , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict ." , " Because despite All the media brattle about politics not mixing , they were similar in One respect : both can serve As mechanisms for tightening tensions and thereby the coexistence of group in conflict . )

Input: That 's why it 's dangerous to have well - intentioned thought police , on college campuses and elsewhere , taboo all critical mention of group differences .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's why it 's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police , on college campuses , taboo all critical mention of group differences ." , " That 'S why it 's dangerous to appear in taboo all vital mention of militant differences ." )

Input: The question is , if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- , and if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The question is , if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- ? " , " if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ? " )

Input: Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody , resembles politics more than it does comedy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody , resembles politics more than it does comedy ." , " Do nt say the television sitcom , because that occurs to be part of a category that , in its desperate needs to offend nobody , resembles economics more than everybody does comedy . )

Input: But these are not the differences that make headlines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Chicken Soup , Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Chicken Soup , Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow , against the wishes of his mother -RCRB- Rita Karin -RRb- ." , " in Chicken Soup , Mr. Carr plays Jackie , a Jewish master courting her brother Michael -LKR- Brandon Maggart -RRRB- ." COORDINATOR("In Chicken Soup President . Mason play Jackie , author courting Morton -RRA- , the Irish widow of three , against what wishes of her mother -L34- Rita 309 -RRa- ." ))

Input: At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and Maddie .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie ." , " At least , they both also speak with stronger accents , as do Maddie ." )

Input: And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Back in the 1920s , the play and movie versions of Abie 's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author , Anne Nichols , lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And it has remained there , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie , whose sole distinction was that it led to the real - life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it has remained there , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie , whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney ." )

Input: Clearly , the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over , but whether it will simmer at all .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Clearly , the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over ." , " Clearly , The question with chicken Soup is whether it will simmer at all ." )

Input: So far , the bubbles have been few and far between .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For instance , Michael dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman , but because he quits his well - paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , Michael dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman ." , " For instanceara dislikes Ms not because it quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker ." )

Input: Even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom preachiness and Mr. Mason 's comic persona .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode and starts meting out that old - fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The best moments in the show occur at the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode ." , " The best scenes in the series occur at both the beginning -RRb- , time Mr. Jacobson starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself .",'The worst moments in that show occur in the end --LRB -RRA- , moment Mr. Maxson starts teing out those old- old-school Jewish mischief up other people As well as for himself ." )

Input: But too often , these routines lack spark because this sitcom , like all sitcoms , is timid about confronting Mr. Mason 's stock in trade - ethnic differences .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But I am suggesting that they stop requiring Mr. Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about caring for other people that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy , he added , remains well - balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy , he added , remains well-balanced ." , " the outlook is for continued moderate growth ." )

Input: After the 1929 crash , Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound and prosperous basis .
Prediction: NONE

Input: James Robinson , 57 years old , was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" James Robinson , 57 years old , was elected president of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives ." , " James Robinson , 57 years Old , was appointed chief executive officer of this manufacturer of magnetic recorded heads for disks drives ." )

Input: He has been president and chief executive officer of Amperex Electronics Corp. , a division of North American Philips Corp. , itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The former president and chief executive , Eric W. Markrud , resigned in June .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The former president , Eric W. Markrud , resigned in June ." , " The former chief executive , Eric H. MarkRud , withdrew in June .." )

Input: Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special - interest tax breaks and spending increases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks ." , " Lawmakers dramatically streamlined the measure to blunt scrutiny that it were bloated with spending increases ." )

Input: But Senate supporters of the trimmer legislation said that other bills would soon be moving through Congress that could carry some of the measures that had been cast aside , including a capital - gains tax cut .
Prediction: NONE

Input: House - Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek and last for a while .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" House-Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek ." , " Senate negotiations are expected to last for a while ." )

Input: But , he added , I believe Republicans and Democrats will work together to get capital - gains reform this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But , he added , I believe Republicans will work together to get capital-gains reform this year ." , " But , he added , I believe Democrats will work separately to get Capital-gaining reform this season ." )

Input: The Senate 's decision was a setback for President Bush and will make approval of a capital - gains tax cut less certain this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Senate 's decision was a setback for President Bush ." , " will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year ." )

Input: And a senior aide to the House Ways and Means Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And a senior aide to the House Ways Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year ." , " And a Senior aide to both the House Means Committee , which tax laws originates , said therearen't no plans to manufacture another tax measure that could carries a losses tax cut earlier year ." )

Input: One obvious place to attach a capital - gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit - reduction bill , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit ." , " perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill , is that legislation to raising the federal debt limit ." )

Input: Although I am encouraged by the Senate action , said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways and Means Committee , it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although I am encouraged by the Senate action , said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways Committee , it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate ." , " Although I is encouraged by House Means Committee , however , the House Rules Committee , said chairman Dan Rostenskowski -RCRB-D. , Illinois . -RB-of the House Means committee , itis uncertain whether an clean bill is achieved in in the forthcoming conference with The Senate ." )

Input: But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital - gains issue on the floor , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill ." , " But Democratic senators saw little way to garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor , so that went ahead by the streamlined measure ." )

Input: These include a child - care initiative and extensions of soon - to - expire tax breaks for low - income housing and research - and - development expenditures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include a child-care initiative and extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing ." , " These include months of research-and-development expenditures ." )

Input: One high - profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One high-profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts ." , " One high -profile provision because it was originally on the Senate tax bill but because it fell money was a proposal by chairman Lloyd Benten -RCRB-D. , Dallas -RRb- of a Senate Finance committee to expand in the deduction of individual retirement account ." )

Input: Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties , which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety penalties , which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990 ." , " Also strickenant was a sixfold increase to the maximum Health Administration penalties , which would has raised $ 66 million in Fiscal 1990 ." )

Input: Mr. Mitchell 's relations with Budget Director Darman , who pushed for a capital - gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Mitchell 's relations with Budget Director Darman , who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill ." )

Input: The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 , and $ 26 billion over five years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 ." , " The deficit reductions bill comprises $ 26 billion over five years ." )

Input: -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport taxes ." , " -- Raise Decisions $ 80051 million By suspending for another year an instant reduction in airway taxes ." )

Input: -- Impose a tax on ozone - depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam , beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Impose a tax on ozone-depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners , beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year ." , " --pose a taxes on ozone in Styrofoam , starting at $ 2.10 the pound starting November year ." )

Input: -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air - passenger departure tax , and impose a $ 3 - a - person tax on international departures by commercial ships .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax ." , " -- impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures by commercial ships ." )

Input: The measure also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The measure also includes spending cuts ." , " The measure includes increases in federal fees ." )

Input: -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline - landing rights at New York 's LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports , O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and National Airport in Washington .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline-landing rights at New York 's LaGuardia International Airports ." , " -- Authority For the National Aviation Administration To raise $ 253 million by charges for commercial carrier-landling rights at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago .",'-- Agency for the National Airport in Washington ." )

Input: -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators , ship stations and mobile radio facilities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees ." , " -- Raises an additional Dec 43 M by establishing new fees for ship stations and mobile radio facilities ." )

Input: I was laid off in August 1988 , and after a thorough and exhausting job search , was hired in August 1989 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was laid off in August 1988 ." COORDINATOR ( " after a thorough job search , was hired in August 1989 ." , " after a exhausting job search )

Input: My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks in many companies ." , " My unemployment Insurance ran out shortly I found A job ; I found layoffs in many Companies ." )

Input: The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date , certainly as an average for the Northeast , and possibly for the rest of the country .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , and if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller 's market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , it 's a seller 's market ." , " I think that there seems to be An underlying attitude tends to tell you readers all the pieces was that if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller-s ...." )

Input: Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life ." , " This is for most people ." )

Input: The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 ." , " The agency added it will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade ." )

Input: The rating concern said Franklin 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary and the possible sale of other subsidiaries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rating concern said Franklin 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary ." , " The rating disappointment said Franklin 's troubled diverification record here in the Securities business was another reason for that the downgrade , citing the possible sale of other subsidiaries ." )

Input: Or is this an extraordinary buying opportunity , just like Oct. 19 , 1987 , eventually turned out to be ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here 's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here 's what several leading market experts say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do ." , " Here 'S what several prominent market money managers say about Thursday 's actions , what happened next and What investors should done ." )

Input: I 'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August and September , says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru and still a well - known newsletter writer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August , says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru ." , " I'mi the only person who said There would be An October massacre , all through early August , say Mr. Carlville , still a well-known newsletter writer .",'m not only one whose said there will be an Oct massacre , All through September , says Ms. Granas , once considered followed market enthusiast ." , " ' I'sm the onlyone who said here would be a October massacre . all through September , says Mr. Granville , once a still aknown newsletter reporter ." )

Input: Well , in some ways it is different , but technically it is just the same .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Well , in some ways it is different ." , " technically it is just the same ." )

Input: Right now they 're telling me to get the hell out and stay out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Right now they 're telling me to get the hell out ." , " Right now everybody're told me to stay out ." )

Input: This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 and 1979 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This was An October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 ." , " This was an October massacre unlike those that resulted in 1979 ." )

Input: So she thinks the damage will be short - lived and contained .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So she thinks the damage will be short-lived ." , " So she believes the devastation will be contained ." )

Input: Those corrections lasted one to four weeks and took the market 10%-12 % down , she says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Those corrections lasted one to four weeks , she says ." , " Those corrections took the market 10%-12 % down , she explains ." )

Input: She says that ratio could climb to 14.5 , given current interest rates , and still be within the range of fair value .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She says that ratio could climb to 14.5 , given current interest rates ." , " She says she still be within the range of fair value ." )

Input: But Mr. Davis , whose views are widely respected by money managers , says he expects no 1987 - style crash .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We will probably have a year - end rally , and then go down again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We will probably have a year-end rally ." , " We will then go down again ." )

Input: I do n't think that 's the case at all , says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't think that 's the case at all , says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co .." , " I do N't think the case separately , says Ms. Coiperman , chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management ." )

Input: Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains , but he does n't think there 's any need to rush .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains ." , " he does n't think there 's any need to rush ." )

Input: I expect the market to open weaker Monday , but then it should find some stability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I expect the market to open weaker Monday ." , " then it should find some stability ." )

Input: He ticks off several major differences between now and two years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And unlike 1987 , the economy does n't appear to be in any danger of overheating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the economy 's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits is n't good , he says .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios , I would not do any buying .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If I had come into Friday on margin , I would not do any buying ." , " If with very little cash in the portfolios , I will not do anything buying ." )

Input: But we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio , so I would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors and loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The explosion of junk bonds has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors ." , " The explosion in junk bond has loaded the corporations that are feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity ." , ' The explosion of takeovers has plotted a lotof insecure securities at the hands because investors have cracked the corporations who are the objects of takeover ." , " , " The explosionof junk bonds and takeovers have loaded the governments that are the symbols of feared takingovers with big amounts of debts rather than Equity ." )

Input: This has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has both made investors uneasy ." , " This has Both made the corporations more vulnerable ." )

Input: It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community may try ." , " It takes less error now that have a big depression than backs in the thirties-much as if the government may try nonetheless ." )

Input: These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue ." , " These sorts sorts of takesovers do N't require big bank loans to finance her , so Ms. Gabello figures theywill continue ." )

Input: He thinks another crash is unlikely , and says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He thinks another crash is unlikely ." , " He says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge ." )

Input: It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University and former co - manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University ." , " It seems at me that these is a pin that appears to myself that has eventually pricked that balloon , say Mr. Miller , former co-manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund ." )

Input: Dealers would give you a quote , but then refuse to make the trade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dealers would give you a quote ." , " Dealers refuse to make the trade ." )

Input: If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. to ease interest rates very much ." , " If the pound stays weak , he says , that will make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease rate very much . )

Input: Mr. Rogers wo n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London and Tokyo markets go .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Rogers wo n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London markets go ." , " Mr. Van wo nt decide what by do today till he sees what the Tokyo markets went ." )

Input: He recommends that investors sell takeover - related stocks , but hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He recommends that investors sell takeover-related stocks ." , " He recommends he hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness ." )

Input: Stock prices would still have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks , says Mr. Terrizzi , president and managing director of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Renaissance , which manages about $ 1.8 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year and thus missed a strong rally .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Renaissance , which manages about $ 1.8 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year ." , " Renaissance , Capital , which oversees about $ 2.8 trillion , drew sharp criticism from some clients early this year due to missed a strong rally ." )

Input: Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing , alleging :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment , alleging : " , " Regarding the October . 3 memo to the editors from Rep. Tom Lantsos , Chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on Housing , alleging ) " )

Input: 1 . That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate and deliberately misleading .
Prediction: COORDINATION("1 . That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate ." , " 1 . That you Sept. 27 editorial Kangaro Committees was deliberately misleading ." )

Input: I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I thought your editorial was factually accurate ." , " I thought my editorial was deliberately elucidative ." )

Input: As your editorial rightly pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , and Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As your editorial rightly pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment ." , " As our editorial rightly referred out , Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , are now being heldup to scornfor taking the Sixth Amendment ." )

Input: My colleagues and I fully realize we are not a court ... etc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My colleagues fully realize we are not a court ... etc ." , " I fully realize I are not quite a court ..." )

Input: By any reasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By any reasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos have a whole bunch of people tried ." , " By any sensible man criterion , Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a entire bunch of men convicted ." )

Input: But if his explanation of motivation is true , why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Why not simply questions designed to identify sources of waste ? " , " Why Not simply questions built to identify causes of inefficiency ? " )

Input: Such as , what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats or whatever they supposedly cost ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Such as , what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats ? " , " Such as ? " )

Input: 4 . That the Journal defends the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD , etc . and so forth .
Prediction: NONE

Input: No , to my mind , the Journal did not defend sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public trust ...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No , to my mind , the Journal did not defend sleaze of the public trust ..." , " No , To my mind , the Journal does not defend fraud ... No , access to my eyes , the Review did not protect waste of the Public trust ..." COORDINATOR

Input: it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards and practical common sense .
Prediction: COORDINATION("it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards ." , " it defended practical common sense ." )

Input: The problem , which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi - parliamentary\/judicial body .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The problem , which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , ." , " The problem , which the Review so rightly referred out in an number of publications , is the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi-parliamentary\/judicial body ." )

Input: But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate ." , " But I also think the sort of congressional inquiry that has be pursued is the far greater threat to American perceptions of freedom than any negligency -RRb- within HHS could possibly create .",'But I just think the type of Congressional investigation that have been pursued indicates a far higher danger to America notions of freedom rather than any willfulency -NLRB- or , yes , maybe criminality --RRB in HUD could generate ." )

Input: Thus , in a criminal case , a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant 's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness , thus forcing him to take the Fifth .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Supreme Court and some states have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Supreme Court have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause ." , " some states have specifically recognised that the Sixth Amendment does restrict the inference when the privilege was claimed by by a third to a society cause ." )

Input: Thus , in a civil case , a defendant may be called as a witness , he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth , and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thus , in a civil case , a defendant may be called as a witness , he may be forced to testify , and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter ." , " Thus , in a civil cases , a defendants may be call as a witnesses , his take the Fifth , but his take of the Sixth may permit a drawing of a adverse inference towards him in that litigation matter ." )

Input: He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith , justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution ." , " He may took the Fifth , a civil issue only if He has a justifications belief that His testimony may have him to serious prosecution ." )

Input: Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter , but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter ." , " Allied the defendant has the Fifth because the testimony in the Civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution ." )

Input: The subcommittee , Congress and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subcommittee have every right to draw the adverse inference ." , " The subcommittee , Congress have every wrong to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime .",'The American public have every left to draw a adverse inference . , " the American public are every right not to concurs with Mr. Pierce 'S own belief as his testimony would help convict me of a crimes ." )

Input: It was Friday the 13th , and the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It was Friday the 13th ." , " the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points ." )

Input: Or is triskaidekaphobia -- fear of the number 13 -- justified ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In academia , a so - called Friday the 13th effect has been set up and shot down by different professors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In academia , a so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up by different professors ." , " In academia , a so -called Friday September the 14th effect appears has been shot down by various professors ." )

Input: Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert Kolb , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th ." , " Ricardo Rodriguez , professors from finance at Houston , found proof that the Market is spooky by Friday Septemberth ." )

Input: But their study , which spanned the 1962 - 85 period , has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the date tends to be a plus , not a minus , for stocks , according to Yale Hirsch , a collector of stock market lore .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a similar vein , he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash and Saturday 's full moon could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a similar vein , he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity ." , " In a same vein , he adds that Saturday 's full moon could have playing a part , too , , in Thursday 's Market activity ." )

Input: reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated , some phone calls to market makers in over - the - counter stocks went unanswered .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted , some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered ." , " Reminescent of that as trading activity escalated , some telephone calls to Market makers in under-the -counter stocks go unanswered ." )

Input: Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York exchanges ." , " Whether unanswered telephone calls showed any effect ; Nasdaq companies sank far more than those in the American exchanges ." )

Input: Nonetheless , the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever , diving 14.90 , or 3 % , to 467.29 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nonetheless , the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year , diving 14.90 , to 467.29 ." , " Nonetheless , September Composite Index experienced its largest point decline , diving 3 % , To 467,29 ." )

Input: By comparison , the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday and the American Stock Exchange Composite fell 4 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By comparison , the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday ." , " By contrast , the American Stock Exchange composite fell 4 % ." )

Input: On Oct. 16 , 1987 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points , or 3.8 % , followed by its devastating 46.12 - point , or 11 % slide , three days later .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On Oct. 16 , 1987 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points , followed by its devastating 46.12-point , three days later ." , " On Oct. 16 , 1988 , the Dowdaq Composite slipped 16.17 points , led by its 11 % slide , three day later ." COORDINATOR ( " On October . 16 , 1987,the Nasdaq composite fell 3.8 % , followeded by its heartbreaking 46 . 12-point slide , four days later . , ." ))

Input: Mr. King of Robinson - Humphrey and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. King of Robinson-Humphrey were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades ." , " others were quick To add that their believe the issue stemmed more than traders'refusal to handle The volume of requests , rather rather than quite a deliberate effort to avoid make trades ." )

Input: The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market - making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market-making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers in the chaos of the crash ." , " The subject includes a sore One for Nas Nasdaq & his market-makers , which are widely criticized 2 years ago after complaints from analysts who could s't trade in the turmoil of that crash ." )

Input: There were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There were too many phones ringing ." , " There are too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots ." )

Input: But , he added , you can only take one call at a time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply ." , " When selling Is so frenzes , prices plunge fast ." )

Input: But , with profits sagging on Wall Street since the crash , companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories ." , " that was the big culprit ." )

Input: Because Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre - crash levels , traders and OTC market officials hope the damage wo n't be permanent .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre-crash levels , traders hope the damage wo n't be permanent ." , " Because NasDAQ 's Trading volume hasN't returned from pre-trash levels , OTC market officials hope the damages wo nt be permanent . )

Input: But they are worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big and small institutional investors , as well as individual investors and market makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big institutional investors , as well as individual investors ." , " The sellers On Friday comes from all parts of the TTC market-big institutional investor , as opposed as individual market makers .",'The sellerson Friday also came from All corners of this OTCmarket -- small institutional investors , as well As individual investors . , as want makers ." )

Input: But grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares to 50,000 shares , compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shearson 's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to bargain - hunt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shearson 's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday ." , " Shearson , 's Ms. DaNuzzo added retail investors never returned to bargain-hunt ." )

Input: We had a good amount of selling from institutions , but not as much panic , Mr. DaPuzzo said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , Mr. DaPuzzo said computer - guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 2000 small stocks and the Standard & Poor 's 500 - stock Index sent occasional waves through the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , or 19.76 , to 449.33 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , to 449.33 ." , " The Nasasdaq 100 index of the biggest nonfinancial problems , including those big OTT technology issues , tumbled 19.76 , to September49.32 ." )

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 % , or 9.31 , to 462.98 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance stocks dropped 2 % , to 462.98 ." , " The Sdaq Financial index of giant banking stocks dropped 9.31 , to September62.89 ." )

Input: But they fell sharply .
Prediction: NONE

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications , for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests , and in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw Cellular Communications , for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests ." , " McCaw cellular Communications , for instance , in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular ." )

Input: McCaw lost 8 % , or 3 1\/2 , to 40 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw lost 8 % , to 40 ." , " McCain lost 3 1\/2 , to 38 ." )

Input: LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 1\/2 , or 5 % , to 107 1\/2 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 1\/2 , to 107 1\/3 ." , " LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 % , to 106 1\/4 ." )

Input: Among other OTC issues , Intel , dropped 2 1\/8 to 33 7\/8 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1\/8 to 19 1\/2 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 1\/4 to 10 1\/4 ; MCI Communications slipped 2 1\/4 to 43 1\/2 ; Apple Computer fell 3 to 45 3\/4 and Nike dropped 2 1\/4 to 66 3\/4 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The key U.S. annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions ." , " The key foreign annual interest rate below are a guide to general levels ." , " , " The key foreign monthly interest rates above do nt always represent initial transactions ." )

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pension funds , insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pension funds , insurers said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout ." , " other behemoths of the investing world said they started scooping down stocks during Thursday 's Market rout ." )

Input: And they plan to buy more today .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rightly or wrongly , many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They could still panic and bail out of the market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They could still panic out of the market ." , " They could only bail out of a market ." )

Input: But their 1987 performance indicates that they wo n't abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last time , we got rewarded for going out and buying stocks when the panic was the worst , said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago - based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last time , we got rewarded for going out when the panic was the worst , said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks ." , " Lasttime , we get rewarded for buying stocks when the confusion was the hardest , said James-based Aly Capital Management Corp. , who manages $ 1 billionof stocks ." )

Input: I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- and I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- , said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn." , " I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , says Frederick A. Moran , President of Moran Securities Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn." )

Input: Unlike mutual funds , which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unlike mutual funds , which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock ." , " Unlike mutual money , which could be forced by sell stocksellings when analysts rush to remove money , companies such as insurance companies could decide to carry out market floods without jennisoning stocks ." )

Input: The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long - term holders , and that they ca n't react to short - term events , good or bad , said Stephen L. Nesbitt , senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica , Calif.
Prediction: NONE

Input: You could go down 400 points and still have a good year in the market , said James D. Awad , president of New York - based BMI Capital Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You could go down 400 points , said James D. Awad , president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp." , " You could still have a good year in the market , says James D. Awad , president of The York-driven BMI Capital Inc." )

Input: Mr. Awad , however , worries that the market could go down 800 or 900 points in the next few days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Awad , however , worries that the market could go down 800 points in the next few days ." , " Mr. Awad , however , fears that the Market could go up 900 points in in the Next few days ..." )

Input: He said he discerns many parallels with 1987 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re - emergence of computerized program trading .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said he discerns many parallels with 1987 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re-emergence of computerized program trading ." )

Input: Not really insurance , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not really insurers , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices ." , " Not really insurance , This tactic was intended to generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts ." )

Input: In its severest test , the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared and stock and futures prices became disconnected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its severest test , the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared ." , " In its haverest test , the $ 50 billion of portfolios insurance in effects in the 1988 crash did N't work , as stock prices became disconnected .",'In its Severest tests , the$ 60 billion worth portfolio insurancein effect inthe 1987 crash does n't hard , as futures prices became indistinguishable ." )

Input: We 're not making a killing , but we had a good day .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're not making a killing ." , " we had a good day ." )

Input: Food and Drug Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Food Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore ." , " Drug Administration spokesman Jeffrey Neslat said the organization has turned Over evidence in an criminal investigation relating Vitarina Pharmaceuticals Corp. to a U.s . Attorney-s office In Baltimore ." )

Input: Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials or employees have been charged with any crimes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials have been charged with any crimes ." , " Neither Vitasine nor all of the Dayton Gardens , N.Yyo . , companies 's employees have been indicted with any crime ." )

Input: Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Virtine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine ." , " Virtine acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests ." )

Input: But so far the company has n't complied with that request , the spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bolar , the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General 's office of the Health and Human Services Department , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , Mr. Nesbit said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar , the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , Mr. Nesbit said ." COORDINATEDATION ( " BBolar , at the Inspector General 's office of the Health Services Department , only negotiated to recall three strengths of operating version of Mcrodantins as fardown as direct Customers , mostly retailersalers , Mr. Nesbit told ." , " BBolar , the subjectof a criminal inquiry by the Inspector general 's Office of the Human Services Department , only agreed a recall two weaknesses of its versions of Macroantin As far down As direct customers , mostly wholesalerers , he . Nsbit said ..." ))

Input: Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram versions of the drug ." , " Bolar , of Copiciague , N.Yon , earlier started a voluntary recalling of both 50 milligrams versions ofthe drug ." )

Input: The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management - controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management-controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders ." , " The eventual Court decision could be a landmark for Dutch corporate legal because the litigation ASKO Plans to file could be the First to challenge what the entire practice of companies sending voting preferred Shares to management -controlled trusts that dilute Voting power for common stockholder ." )

Input: ASKO says the Dutch - based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ASKO says the Dutch-based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust ." COORDINATOR ( " ASE says the Netherlands-based national food retailer would dilute the worth of ASKO ." , " ASKO say the Dutch -based international foods retailer hadN't reasonable ground to dilute The voting power of other shareholders ." ))

Input: A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position and the propriety of the preferred - share issue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position ." , " A spokesman For Ahold added his company has confident of the propriety of the preferred-share issue ." )

Input: Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican , but on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy - making .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy-making ." COORDINATIONS ( " Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker ." , " Chase ManhattanBank Chairman Willson Butcher is not a loyal Republican ." ))

Input: I 'd like to see that initiative , and I have n't .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'd like to see that initiative ." , " I have n't ." )

Input: But Mr. Butcher 's comments make one thing clear : Some on Wall Street wonder if anyone is in charge of economic policy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cuts are necessary because Congress and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a deficit - cutting bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The cuts are necessary because Congress have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill ." , " The cuts include necessary because the administration have failed attempts to reach reached agreement on the deficit-writing bill ." )

Input: We simply do n't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices , House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We simply do n't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit , House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press ." , " We simply did n't need strong leadership for try to make tough choices , Senate Budget Committee chairman Leon Panie -LDB- D. , Calif. -RRb- said today on NBCNews 's meet the Press .

Input: -- For the last two weeks , the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi - public battle over international economic policy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- For the last two weeks , the Bush administration have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy ." , " -- For The last two months , the Federal Reserve have been actively in a sem-public fight over international monetary policy ." )

Input: One of the things that continues to worry me is this monetary warfare between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve Board , said Lawrence Kudlow , a Bear , Stearns & Co. economist , on ABC 's This Week .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury and the White House over that decision .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury over that decision ." , " But he also has since runs into oppositionfrom the White House over that move ." )

Input: And he has kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines , which includes a big stake by British Airways PLC .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then , as now , the budget debate was behind schedule and automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then , as now , the budget debate was behind schedule ." , " Then , As now , automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold ." )

Input: And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax - writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous ." , " And concern over official actions targeted at takeaways -- then directly by the Tax-writing Senate Means Committee sooner than the transportation Department -- are making markets anxious ." )

Input: The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration and Democratic lawmakers to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two - year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period ." , " The 1987 collision brought Democratic lawmakers to the tables for the First budget summit , resulting in the two-month plan to minimize the deficit By more than I billion --even though the surplus actually rose By nearly $ 13 billion during the period ." )

Input: But , barring further drops in the market this week , a similar outcome does n't seem likely this year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lawmakers and administration officials agree that Friday 's drop , by itself , is n't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit - reduction agreement that would be more serious and more far - reaching than last spring 's gimmick - ridden plan , which still is n't fully implemented .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 1987 , the economy and the market can survive a one - day 508 - point tumble .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 1987 , the economy can survive a one-day 508-point tumble ." , " One of some of the greatest reasons that latest talks are N't likely not likely to came about is That , as people learned in 1986 , the market can survive an one-week 508 from point tumble ." )

Input: But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president to take a much harder look at fiscal policy ." , " But Administration officials privately disagree with Congress to take the much harder looking at fiscal policies ." )

Input: There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit and that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be-that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit , said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- ." , " There is a underlying concern On the part , the American folks -- and here should be -- that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , said House Finance Committee chairman Lloyd Biosen -RC- , Texas --RRB- " )

Input: Nevertheless , it clearly will take more than Friday 's 190 - point decline to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and White House Budget Director Richard Darman over the capital - gains fight .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital - gains cut was part of April 's budget accord and his insistence on combining it with the deficit - reduction legislation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April 's budget accord ." , " Hill Democrats were particularly angry about his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation ." )

Input: There is no prospect of any so - called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation ." )

Input: During last week 's maneuverings on the deficit - cutting bill and the capital - gains issue , there were signs that Senate Republicans and the administration were at odds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During last week 's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill , there were signs that Senate Republicans were at odds ." , " During yesterday 's maneuversings on Tuesday 's moveings on issues , there are signs that the administration were at chances .",'During lastweek 's interruptings on both the capital-gains issue , there was signs that House Republicans were valued at odds . , " during last week 's maneuvering on the Capital-gaining issue , There were signs suggesting the administration are at odds . )

Input: Friday 's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit - reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friday 's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House versions of the deficit-reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest ." , " Friday 'S market tumble Scratchy predictions could spur actions on reconnecting the Senate versions of Congress-reducing measure , A process that the deficit rate is nt expected to start until tomorrow to the soonst ." )

Input: Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit ." , " Senate Republicans also expressed the wonder that the Senate would follow a varietyof tax breaks that would has increased the Fiscal 1990 deficit . )

Input: The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction , and the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- . said yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction ." , " the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- . said yesterday ." )

Input: The White House Office of Management and Budget , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm - Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House - passed deficit - reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The White House Office of Management , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion ." , " The Whitehouse Office of Budget , whose estimates determine whether Congress Gramm- " )

Input: Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across - the - board cuts , but added : We 're getting very close to the margins here .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts ." , " Rep. Centraletta added : We 're getting very close to the margins here ." )

Input: But some players were quick to seize the moment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital - gains tax cut , Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance , but I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut ." , " I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others ." )

Input: The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: NONE

Input: $ 15.2 billion of three - month and six - month bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HK$ 15.2 billion of three-month bills ." , " HK $ 15 . 2 billion of six-week bills ." )

Input: $ 68,230,000 of various bonds , including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 68,230,000 of various bonds , including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 1989A , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group ." , " $ 68,230,900 of various securities , including approximately $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B , via the Morgan Stanley & Co. groups ." )

Input: University of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey --
Prediction: NONE

Input: West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development And Tourism Authority --
Prediction: COORDINATION(" West Virginia Parkways -- , " , " Economic Development -- " , " Tourism Authority -- " )

Input: $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 640 million of gas revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group ." , " $ 640 M of electric revenue refunded bonds , through a First Massachusetts group ." )

Input: Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend , but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend ." COORDIN ( " most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach ." , " most said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market ." ))

Input: But he 's not so sure about everyone else .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell , predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic , predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds ." , " I think On Monday the tiny -ranRB- shareholders -RRb- are trying to sell , predicted Ms. Sullivan , whose investments includes AMR Inc. 'S American Airlines subsidiary and several funds ." )

Input: And I think institutions are going to come in and buy ...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I think institutions are going to come in ..." , " And II think institutions were going to buy ..." )

Input: Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one - third of its value following the Black Monday crash , but no one got discouraged , and we gained that back -- and more .
Prediction: , " Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash ." COORDINATION(" no one got discouraged ." , " no one gained that back -- and more ." ))

Input: But Robert Showalter , an official of the association , said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors'clubs are planned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Robert Showalter , an official of the association , said no special bulletins of the investors'clubs are planned ." , " But Robert showalter , An official of The association , added no emergency meetings of the shareholders'clubs were planned ." )

Input: Not everyone is reacting so calmly , however , and many wonder about the long - term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy - out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not everyone is reacting so calmly , however ." , " many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines ." )

Input: Sara Albert , a 34 - year - old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sara Albert , a 34-year-old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market , that seems to fuel it ." , " Sara Albertberg , a 35-yearyear-olds Dallas law school , says he 's somewhat skittished about the takeover activity that appears to fuel the ." )

Input: I have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises but there 's no foundation to it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises ." , " I have today feeling that there 's no foundation to it ." )

Input: She and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock ." , " her husband pulled mosts investments outof the market following the 1987 tragedy , although though she still own some Texado stock ." )

Input: Partly because of concern about the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Partly because of concern about the economy , I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid ." , " Partly partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , II think at the point we intend to be quite the liquid ." )

Input: Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash and , to his regret , never went back even as the market soared .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash ." , " he never went back even as the market soared ." )

Input: Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday ." , " Small investors are mostly through mutual funds ." )

Input: Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm ." )

Input: But it 's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alan Helfman , general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said he and his mother have some joint stock investments , but the overall economy is his chief worry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Alan Helfman , general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said the overall economy is his chief worry ." COORDINATIONS ( " AlanHelfman , General sales manager for a Chrysler dealer in Texas , said he have some joint stock investments ." , " Alan Helbys , general Sales manager of the Chrysler dealershipin Houston , , said his mother have some jointly stock investments ..." ))

Input: And I can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow ." , " And I will tell you you that the high roller has n't heading to buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati ." )

Input: And , finally , there were the gloaters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everything , said Pascal Antori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Everything , said Pascal Antori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago , is stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office ." , " Everything , says Pascal Antui , an Dayton , Ohio , plumbing contractor whose was stopped by Federica Investments'LeSalle Boulevard office ." )

Input: Compaq Computer Corp. 's long - awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , and on a swarm of promising start - ups .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq Computer Corp. 's long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , ." , " Compaq Digital Corp. 's long-anticipated entry today through the notebook fields is expected on a swarm of promising start-ups ." )

Input: One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard - sized computer called a notepad , and two others have introduced even smaller palmtops .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard-sized computer called a notepad ." , " two others have introduced even smaller palmtops ." )

Input: But those machines are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But those machines are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match ." )

Input: Analysts say they 're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts say they 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 ." , " They say they have more memory than anything else of their size on the market ." ))

Input: All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds in most briefcases ." , " All of This comes in the machine that fits comfortably into most briefcase ." )

Input: In recent months , Compaq 's competition , including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months , Compaq 's competition , including Zenith all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same -- perhaps misleadingly ." , " In recent weeks , CompSh 's Competition , including Toshiba Corp. all have launched portables That are called notebooks -- perhaps misledingly ." COORDINATOR ( " In most months , Digitalaq 'S competition , include Tandy Corp. All have introduced portsables that are called notebook -- perhaps deceiveingly ." ))

Input: Instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface , an electronic pen and the ability to read block printing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface ." , " Instead of an electronic pen .",'Instead of the keyboard , we features the ability to read block printing ." )

Input: At 4 1\/2 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named , but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At 4 1\/2 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named ." , " it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth ." )

Input: Atari Corp. 's Portfolio , introduced in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September , weighs less than a pound , costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries , yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Poquet Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 and other sophisticated software programs , but costs five times as much .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Poquet Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that costs five times as much ." COORDINATOR ( " Popper Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced the much more brazen palmtop That can run Lotus 1-2-3 ." , " PoquetComputer Corp .. meanwhile , is introduced a lot more sophisticated palmstop that can run other sophisticated software programs ." ))

Input: Whether it 's $ 5 billion or $ 3.5 billion , it does n't matter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether it 's $ 5 billion or $ 3.5 billion , it does n't matter ." )

Input: Size and weight considerations also have limited screen displays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Size considerations also have limited screen displays ." , " weight considerations also has limited screen screens ." )

Input: Toward that end , experts say the real battle will take place between center - stage players like Toshiba , Zenith and now Compaq .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start - up firms like Dynabook Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq 's , uses an Intel 286 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq 's , uses an Intel 286 microprocessor ." , " Compaq , s new computers are considered as a direct challenge to startup firms such Dynabooks Inc. , which introduced In June a video that , like Compaq 's , has a hard disk drive ." )

Input: But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq 's .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy ." , " But costs more than Compaq 's ." )

Input: Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith , which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market but recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie . des Machines Bull , the French government - owned computer maker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith , which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market ." , " Compaq 's announcement adds problems for Zena , which recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie . des Machines Bull , the French government-owned computer maker ." )

Input: Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share and sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share ." , " Zenithholders will votein December on a proposed $ 635 million sales ." )

Input: Rod Canion , Compaq 's president and chief executive officer , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two - inch floppy disk , whereas Compaq 's new machines use the more common 3 1\/2 - inch disk .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rod Canion , Compaq 's president , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk , whereas Compaq 's new machines use the more common 3 1\/2-inch disk ." , " Rod Canona , Compa 's chief executive officer , notes notedly that Litith 'S $ 2k000 MiniPort uses the unconventional two.inch floppy disks , whereas Caq 'S new machines uses the more most common 3 2-inch disks ." )

Input: I ca n't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq and a stopper for everyone else , says Gene Talsky , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I ca n't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq , says Gene Talsky , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc." , " I ca know that you will talk to anybody who wo N't say this is a stopper for everyone else , argues Gene Tsky , President of Professional Sales Management Inc .." )

Input: Compaq 's machines include the 3 1\/2 - inch floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only 1\/4 - inch thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's machines include the 3 1\/2-inch floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only 1\/4-inch thick -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine ." , " Compaq 's machines include an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in some words , virtually all the capability of a normal office machine . ))

Input: Others undoubtedly will follow , but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six - month lead on the competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Others undoubtedly will follow ." , " most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition ." )

Input: Toshiba 's line of portables , for example , features the T-1000 , which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory , and the T-1600 , which also uses a 286 microprocessor , but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Toshiba 's line of portables , for example , features the T-1000 , which is in the same weight class but is much slower ." , " Toshiba 's lines of portable , for instance , features a T-1600 , which also uses a 286 microprocessor , but which is three times the size ." COORDINATEDATION ( " Philipshiba 'S line of Portables , For example , includes the T T-2000 , which has less memory ." )) )

Input: A third model , marketed in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990 , but by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A third model , marketed in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990 ." , " by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players ." )

Input: International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market and shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market ." , " International BusinessMach Corp. NONE shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon ." )

Input: Honeywell Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell Inc. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space ." , " International Business Machines Corp. received Joint Force contracts for use of space ." )

Input: Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million , and IBM 's $ 68.8 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million ." , " IBM 's $ 68.8 million ." )

Input: The index , which registered 156.8 at the end of September , has a base of 100 set in 1983 and is n't seasonally adjusted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The index , which registered 156.8 at the end of September , has a base of 100 set in 1983 ." , " The index is n't seasonally adjusted ." )

Input: Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % ." )

Input: Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier and were up 0.4 % from the previous month , the Bank of Japan announced Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Bank of Japan announced Friday ." , " Japan ' 80 wholesale prices were up 0.4 % from the previous month , theBank of Japan declared Friday ." )

Input: And among the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Edison Co. and Niagara Mohawk Power Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , Westinghouse Electric Corp. , Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp. , the big insurer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , the big insurer ." , " Other major problems hitting lows included Westinghouse Electric Corp. , Exxon Corp .." , " , " Some major issues hit highs included Cigna Corp. N , the biggest insurer ." )

Input: Other new lows included Navistar International Corp. , Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other new lows included Navistar International Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average ." )

Input: Shares of Rally 's Inc. , an operator of fast - food restaurants , closed at $ 17 each , up from its $ 15 offering price and shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. , a health - care consultant , closed at $ 14.125 , up from its $ 12 offering price .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of Rally 's Inc. , an operator of fast-food restaurants , closed at $ 17 each , up from its $ 15 offering price ." , " shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. N. , a health-care consultant , opened at $ 14.125 , up in its $ 12 offering price . )

Input: Jaguar , the London Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jaguar are being notified of the transactions , the company said ." , " the London Stock Exchange are being informed of the purchases , the said ." COORDINATOR ( " Jaguar , the U.S. Securities Commission are being alerted of the transaction , the companies said ." )) )

Input: That 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares and put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans ." )

Input: But some big brokerage firms said they do n't expect major problems as a result of margin calls .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , but reasonable , a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said ." , " Margin call since Friday are reasonable , a spokeswoman for Shehel Lehman hutton Inc. said ." )

Input: The Garden City , N.Y. , car - rental company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit , Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways unit and Midway Airlines at the end of this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Garden City , N.Y. , car-rental company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit , Pan Am Corp. ' 's Pan American World Airways unit , at the end of this year ." , " The GardenCity , Nyo . , vehicle-rentaling company said that wo nt renew contracts without Midway Airlines at theend of the year ." )

Input: But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and Delta Air Lines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit ." , " But it remained involved in program with Delta Air Lines ." )

Input: Industry estimates put Avis 's annual cost of all five programs at between $ 8 million and $ 14 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs ." , " Avis said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total ." )

Input: Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , and National Car Rental Systems Inc. , of Minneapolis , both said they had no plans to follow suit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , both said they had no plans to follow suit ." , " National Car Rental Systems Inc. ,of Minneapolis , both announced they had No plans to join suit ." )

Input: In fact , Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent - flier miles and fliers can get car - rental discounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact , Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent-flier miles and fliers can get car-rental discounts ." )

Input: I can not see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget 's programs , said Bob Wilson , Budget 's vice president , marketing planning .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I can not see how this news by Hertz can not benefit Budget 's programs , said Bob Wilson , Budget ' 70s vice president , marketing planning ." , " I ca n't see how This news by Avis can not benefits Budget 'S programs , says Bob Wilson , Budget ' 90s vice chairman , advertising planning ." )

Input: Northwest and Midway are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Northwest are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements ." , " Midway are two- airlines with whom Budget has partnerships ." )

Input: National also participates in the Northwest frequent - flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta and USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta , Inc. 's USAir unit ." , " National also participated in the West frequent-frlier Program along with five other airlines , including USAir Group Inc. 's USAir subsidiary ." )

Input: A month ago , Hertz , of Park Ridge , N.J. , said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta , America West and Texas Air Corp. 's Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines , and that pacts with American Airlines , UAL Inc 's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A month ago , Hertz , of Park Ridge , N.J. , said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with UAL Inc 's USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 ." )

Input: At the time , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the time , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million ." , " At that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million ." )

Input: Analysts and competitors , however , doubt the numbers were that high .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts , however , doubt the numbers were that high ." , " competitors , however )

Input: Robert D. Cardillo , Avis vice president of marketing , said , The proliferation and costs attached to -LCB- frequent - flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert D. Cardillo , Avis vice president of marketing , said , The proliferation attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value ." , " Robert D. Cardillo )

Input: This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis , said Charles Finnie , car - rental industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This year has been difficult for both Hertz , said Charles Finnie , car-rental industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons ." , " This year also has been hard for both Avis , said William Finnie , car-renal industry analysts at Alex . Brown & Associates ." )

Input: They 've been looking to get their costs down , and this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They 've been looking to get their costs down , He said ." , " this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he said ." )

Input: I have every intention of making this the best possible show and having it run one hour is the best way to it , said Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have every intention of making this the best possible show , says Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August ." , " having it run one hour is the best way to it , said Rod Perth , who was appointed vice president in late night sports in August . )

Input: But CBS News will extend its four - hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes and begin at 1:30 a.m.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes ." , " But CBSNews will begin at 1:30 a.m." )

Input: The show , despite a promising start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Nightline on ABC - TV , a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The show , despite a promising start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. and Nightline on ABC-TV , a units of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc." )

Input: Tandem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 ." , " T just Computers Corp. , planning to fight With International BusinessMach Corp.for a pieceof the mainframes business , added it expects the earnings for its Fiscal fourth quarter concluded Sept.30 ." )

Input: Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million ." , " Tandem added earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share ." )

Input: In the year - earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , on revenue of $ 383.9 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million , on revenue of $ 383.9 million ." , " In the Year-earliest period , tandem reported Net income of 31 cents a share , on revenues of $ 352.9 m." )

Input: Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million ." , " Analysts are predicted that this Cupertinos , Calif. , company is report earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share ." )

Input: Tandem makes fault - tolerant computers -- machines with built - in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges , networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges , networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems ." )

Input: But Mr. Treybig questions whether that will be enough to stop Tandem 's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions that large organizations previously sought from Big Blue 's machines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The answer is n't price reductions , but new systems , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The answer is n't price reductions , he said ." , " The answer arises from new systems , he told ." )

Input: It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit and it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit ." , " it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar ." )

Input: The resulting decline in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The resulting decline in interest rates could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy ." , " The resulting rise in the value of the dollar could rein vigorate America business -- perhaps , the whole economy ." )

Input: Its spasms ca n't be traced to fundamental business conditions , nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth , damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth , damage business confidence ." , " Sharply rising stock prices discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance ." )

Input: But if the stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But if the stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates may well dominate ." , " But if that stock market did n't remain to plummet , the beneficial consequences of a lower dollar may well dominated ." )

Input: But the experience of the 1987 crash suggests the Fed is likely to bring down short - term interest rates in its effort to calm markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That was n't the case in 1987 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was n't the case in 1987 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S .." , " That was N't the cases in 1987 , when the pound was so strong that some government officials seriously worried about it might catastrophe , producing confusion among foreign capital and diminishing The flow of domestic capital to Congress ." )

Input: Another big difference between 1987 and 1989 is n't so comforting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly and for a short period of time , recalls Mr. Zarnowitz , a longtime student of business cycles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly , recalls Mr. Zarnowitz , a longtime student of business cycles ." , " Consumer spending does drop in for a short period of time , recalls Ms. Zellowitz , founder of business periods ." )

Input: -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe than some had feared ." , " -LCb- The consequences -RCb- were more severe than others had expected .",'-LCA- The implications -RCA- were less prolonged than some might feared ." ))

Input: Today , he frets , exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week and if consumers retrench in reaction .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today , he frets , exports may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week ." , " Today , He frets that stocks sink if consumers retrench in reaction .",'Today , his business investment spending may be inadequate to pick down the slack If stock prices plunge this week and if consumers snrench in reactions ." )

Input: But , in the process , the Fed risks reigniting inflation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even before Friday 's events , Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets , banks and highly leveraged corporations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even before Friday 's events , Harvard Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets ." , " Even before Thursday 's event , Harvard University economists Benjamin Friedman were arguing that Congress wo nt be willing to liveup to its difficult words on removing inflation because because of the responsibility to shield banks .",'Even beforeFriday 's actions , HarvardUniversity economist Benjamin Katz was arguing arguing that Washington Fed woN't be unable to listen up to his tough words focusing eliminating inflation as of its responsibilities to protect highly leveraged corporations ." )

Input: The economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses , consumers and foreign investors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses ." , " The economy do , however , depend on depend on The economy depends on the expectations of consumers .",'The economy did , however ; depend on that confidence of foreign investors ." )

Input: A 190 - point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A 190-point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over ." , " it will ." )

Input: And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash and the subsequent Depression .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash ." , " Two years before , about that only point was the subsequent Depression ." )

Input: This could be the first of five or six down quarters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This could be the first of five down quarters ." , " This could Be the first Of six down quarters " )

Input: Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging and housewares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging ." , " Though Dow Loves aggressively diversify into specialty chemical chemicals & pharmaceuticals , the company now has a major stake in fibersylene , which has used in housewares ." )

Input: Analysts'third - quarter estimates for the Midland , Mich. , company are between $ 3.20 a share and $ 3.30 a share , compared with $ 3.36 a year ago , when profit was $ 632 million on sales of $ 4.15 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better , says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You will find the commodities off more than the others about even better , says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst ." , " You will locate the commodities on more than The others about slightly better , says JamesWilbur , spokesman .",'You will discover the commodity off the diversified companies about even safer , saysJames Wilbur , a SmithBar analyst ." ))

Input: Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments , fibers and polymers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments , fibers ." , " Du Pont Corp. is believed to have have maintained steady revenue growth in polymers ." )

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share , on sales of $ 7.99 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter , the company earned $ 461 million , on sales of $ 7.99 billion ." , " In 1988 thirdquarter , the team earned $ 1.91 a share , on Sales of $ 8.99billion ." )

Input: Monsanto Co. , too , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe and the western U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Marksanto Co. , too , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe ." , " Marksima Co. Ltd. , however , is predicted to continue producing higher profit , even though it sales of crops chemicals were damaged in the previous quarter by crop chemicals in the western U.S .." )

Input: Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year , but Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year ." , " Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989 ." )

Input: Most estimates for Monsanto run between $ 1.70 and $ 2 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A year ago , the company posted third - quarter profit of $ 116 million , or $ 1.67 a share , on sales of $ 2.02 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A year ago , the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million , on Tuesday , sales of $ 2.02 billion ." , " A Year ago , the company posted fourth-quarter loss of $ 1.67 a share , on sales of a 2.03 billion ." )

Input: But the commodity - chemical producers are caught on the downside of a pricing cycle .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By some accounts on Wall Street and in the industry , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By some accounts on Wall Street , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand ." , " By others accounts in the industry , the merchandise reductions are close an end , which may confage firmers demand ." )

Input: But doubters say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early 1990s .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene , whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply ." COORDINATIONS ( " Himiont faces midmorning product , Polyproppropylene , while it gets forward with plans to develop new uses for polypropproppropethyl , whose markets include the packaging industries ." , " Himon faces lower costs for its keystay product , polypropethyl , while she goes forward by a construction program to strengthen its raw materials supply ." ))

Input: At Quantum Chemical Corp. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene , higher debt costs and the idling of an important plant due to an explosion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Quantum Chemical Corp. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene ." , " At Quantum Electronics Corp. N , the problems is higher debt costs ." , " )

Input: But the estimates range from break - even to 35 cents a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , Quantum earned $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter , Quantum earned $ 99.8 million , on sales of $ 724.4 million ." , " In 1988 thirdquarter , Quantum garnered $ 3.92 a share , on Sales of $ 824.6 million ." )

Input: Another big polyethylene producer , Union Carbide Corp. , is expected to post profit of between $ 1 a share and $ 1.25 , compared with $ 1.56 a share a year earlier , when the company earned $ 213 million on sales of $ 2.11 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont , Quantum and Union Carbide all declined to comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Himont all declined to comment ." , " Quantum all declined in comment ." Union Carbide all declined sharply comment ." )

Input: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non - U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rated single - A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single - A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the non - callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ." , " double-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , that non-showable issue is be sold by underwriters leading by Merrill Merrill Lynch Financial Markets ." )

Input: Rated Baa-1 by Moody 's and triple - B - plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated Baa-1 by Moody 's , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co." , " triple-B-plus by S&P , the topic will be sell through underwriting led by Barclays Stanley & & Co ..." )

Input: Among classes for which details were available , yields ranged from 8.78 % , or 75 basis points over two - year Treasury securities , to 10.05 % , or 200 basis points over 10 - year Treasurys .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest - only and principal - only securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest-only securities ." , " The agency has first strips problem , collateralizing by Freddie Freddie Mac 9 % securities flowed into a unified security called A Giant , is divided into principal-only Securities ." )

Input: Freddie Mac said the principal - only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Freddie Mac said the principal-only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model ." )

Input: There were no major Eurobond or foreign bond offerings in Europe Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There were no major Eurobond offerings in Europe Friday ." , " There were No major foreign bond offerings in Asia Friday ." )

