Input: But while the New York Stock Exchange did n't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks ." , " Some circuit breakingers installing after the September 1987 crash failing their first Test , traders are unable to Cool the selling anxiety in both futures ." )

Input: The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure ." )

Input: Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL , AMR , BankAmerica , Walt Disney , Capital Cities\/ABC , Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL -- stopped trading ." , " Seven Big board stocks -- UnitedAL -- never resumed .",'Seven Big Big stocks -- AMR -- stopped Trading ." , " # Seven BigBoard stocks -- AmR -- never resume ." , " ' Seven Big Bo stocks -- BankAmerica -- stop trading ." " Three Big Board stock -- Capital Cities\/ABC -- just resumed ." . , " Eight Big Board companies -- Philip Morris -- never resumes ." , " Seven Big Stock stocks -- Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trade ." ,

Input: Many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many money managers had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet ." , " some traders had already leaving their offices Early Friday afternoon On a warm Autumn day -- where the stock stock market were so quiet . )

Input: Then in a lightning plunge , the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 190.58 - point , or 6.9 % , loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In percentage terms , however , the Dow 's dive was the 12th - worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83 , or 8 % , a week after Black Monday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In percentage terms , however , the Dow 's dive was the 12th-worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83 , a week after Black Monday ." , " In percentage Terms , However , the dow 's diving was the 18th-best ever and a sharpest until the market reduced 8 % , a year after Black Saturday ." )

Input: Shares of UAL , the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy - out of the airline by an employee - management group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of UAL , the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group ." , " Shares of UnitedAL , a parent ofUnited Airlines , are extremely active All day Friday , reacting to rumors about the planned $ 6.79 billion sell-outof the airline from an employee.-management group . )

Input: Wall Street 's takeover - stock speculators , or risk arbitragers , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wall Street 's takeover-stock speculators , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed ." , " Wall Street.s takeover -stock speculator , hadplaced unusuallyLarge bets that UAL stock would rise .",'Wall Street , 's risk arbitragers , had placing unusually large stakes that a coup would succeed . , " Wall Street , at its risk arbitrings , had included unusually large odds that Ual stock would risen ." )

Input: And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group could n't get financing for its bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock ." , " they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had ." )

Input: For example , their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2 , Delta Air Lines , which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4 , and Philips Industries , which sank 3 to 21 1\/2 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For example , their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2 , ." , " For instance , their sell caused trading Halts to being declared in Delta Air Lines , which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4 , ." ." For example , their selling causing trading halt to be declare in Philips Industries , which sank 3 to 21 1\/ 2 ." )

Input: But as panic spread , speculators began to sell blue - chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But as panic spread , speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris to offset their losses ." , " But as anxiety spread , speculative began to selling blue-collar stocks suchas International Business Machines to offset theirs losses ." )

Input: Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under an agreement signed by the Big Board , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago ." , " Under an agreements signed by both the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading been temporarily halted by Chicago ." )

Input: After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board , and specialists continued to notch prices down .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board ." , " After the selling halt in a S&p 500 pit on Chicago , specialists continued to notch prices down ." )

Input: As a result , the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures and stock markets , and has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings ." COORDINATION(" This confusing effectively halted another form of programs trading , the stock index Arbitrage , which closely links the futures ." , " This confusion essentially halted one Form of program Trading , the Stock index arbitrar , that closely links stock markets ." ))

Input: -LRB- In a stock - index arbitrage sell program , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference . -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- In a stock-index arbitrage sell program , traders offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference . -RRB- " COORDINATION(" -NLRB- in a stock -index arbitrar sell program , traders buy big baskets of stocks . -RB- " , " -LFB- In an stock-Index arbitrage selling program , Traders sell big baskets with stocks . -RRb- " ))

Input: But stocks kept falling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped things ." , " I just thinks it'm nonproductive At this point for getting into a discussion if Index arbitrage will have hurt things ." )

Input: Under another post - crash system , Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter - exchange hot line to the other exchanges , the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He camped out at a high - tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board , where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He camped out at a high-tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board , where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders ." )

Input: At about 3:30 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading , and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:30 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading ." COORDINATION(" for a brief time the futures markets started to come back in line ." , " for a briefly time the stock markets started a brief period ." ))

Input: But the build - up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market , and the link with stocks began to fray again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the build-up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market ." , " But the link with stocks began to fray again ." )

Input: At about 3:45 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down , and trading was locked again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:45 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down ." , " at about 3 : 45 , trading was locked again ." )

Input: The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 and that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 ." , " The release warned that there have still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market ." )

Input: And I think a lot of people will harp on program trading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there were no buyers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At those levels , stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall , and simultaneously sell off stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At those levels , stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall ." , " At those stages , stocks is set up for being hammered by Index arbitrager , who simultaneously sell off stocks ." )

Input: But nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But nobody knows at what level the futures will open today ." , " But nobody know at which level the stocks will open Today ." )

Input: The de - linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But specialists complain privately that just as in the 1987 crash , the upstairs firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday 's blood - letting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Phelan said , It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying and selling Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Phelan said , It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying Friday ." , " Mr. phelan at , It Will take anotherday or two from analyze who is selling Friday ." )

Input: Concerning your Sept. 21 page - one article on Prince Charles and the leeches : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Concerning your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom ." , " Concerningyour Sept. 22 page-One article on the leeches : It more a few thousand years until England has be a kingdom . )

Input: It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , comprising Wales , Northern Ireland , Scotland , and ... oh yes , England , too .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt and other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air - charter operations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real - estate and shopping - center holdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real-estate and shopping-center holdings ." )

Input: The group is led by Jay Shidler , chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu , and A. Boyd Simpson , chief executive of the Atlanta - based Simpson Organization Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The group is led by Jay Shidler , chief executive officer of Shidlers Investment Corp. in Honolulu , ." , " The group includes led by A. Boyd Simpson , chairman of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc." )

Input: Mr. Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real - estate investment and claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real-estate investment ; Mr. Simpson is a developer of L.J. Hooker ." , " Mr. shidler " s company specializing in commercial property investment ; Mr. Shridler 'S company claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson are a former senior executive of L.J. Rocker ." )

Input: The assets are good , but they require more money and management than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Mr. Simpson in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The assets are good , said Mr. Simpson in an interview ." COORDINATION(" they require more money than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , saidMr . SimpsonIn an interview : " , " they requires more management than can provide in L.J. Heller 's future situation , says Mr. Sim in an interviews ." ))

Input: Hooker 's philosophy was to build and sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hooker 's philosophy was to build ." , " Hooker.s Philosophy was to sell ." )

Input: We want to build and hold .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We want to build ." , " Our want to hold ." )

Input: Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid ." COORDINATION(" Sanford Sutoloff , chief executiveof L.L. HookER , said Yesterday in a statements that he would review it ." , " Sanford Sigolooff , chairman of L.J. Hocker , made yesterday In a statement That he would bring it to the attention of the creditors committee ." ))

Input: Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller or B. Altman & Co. , L.J. Hooker 's department - store chains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller , L.J. Hooker 's department-store chains ." , " Not Included in the bids are B. Altman & Co. , L.J. Rocker ' 's department- store chains ." )

Input: The offer covers the massive 1.8 million - square - foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati , the 800,000 square - foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C. , and the 700,000 square - foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati ." , " The offers covers the 800,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C. , ." ." The offer includes the 700,000 Square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo." )

Input: Other Hooker properties included are a 20 - story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real - estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real-estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers ." , " Other HookER properties included include are vacant land sites in Ohio ." COORDINATIONAL

Input: We do n't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett , in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We do n't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers at Hoare Govett , in an interview ." , " We do n't anticipate Any problems inraising the Funding for the bids , said Allen Campbell , the head of acquisitions at Hoire Govet , inan interview ." )

Input: Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious , but ill - fated , $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. , as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers , a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc. , the Houston - based retailer , and Parisian Inc. , the Southeast department - store chain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Eventually Mr. Simpson and Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company , and Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eventually Mr. Simpson had a falling out over the direction of the company ." , " Eventually Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988 ." COORDINATION(" Eventually Mrs. Simpson having a falling Out over the directions of the companies .",'Eventually Mr.- Herscu had a fall out over what direction of a company ." ))

Input: Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management ." , " Since now , HookER Corp. is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain ." )

Input: These are n't mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , said Mr. Shidler .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These are n't mature assets , said Mr. Shidler ." , " they have the potential to be so , saidMr . Shridler ." )

Input: Managed properly , and with a long - term outlook , these can become investment - grade quality properties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Managed properly , these can become investment-grade quality properties ." , " with a long-term outlook , this can become Investment-gradequality properties ." )

Input: The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52 - week bills and redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Treasury plan to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills ." , " The Treasury plans to raise more $ 175 thousand in newcash Thursday by redeeming $ 8.58 billion of maturing bills ." )

Input: The bills will be dated Oct. 26 and will mature Oct. 25 , 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bills will be dated Oct. 26 ." , " The bills mature Oct. 25 , 1990 ." )

Input: Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury ." COORDINATION(" Bid must be given by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday on Federal Reserve banks ." , " Bids should be received from 1 p.m. EST Thursday at Federal Reserve branches ." ))

Input: And many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And so fund managers have built up cash levels ." , " And many fund managers say they will be buying stock this week ." )

Input: At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply , but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply ." , " At F Investments , the nation'm largest fund companies , it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 ." )

Input: Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend and a lot of fear around , said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity - Income Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend , said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity-Income Fund ." , " Two years later there were a lot of fear around , said c. BruceJohnstone , which runs F Investments 's $ 5 million Equity-Investcome Fund . )

Input: But fund managers say they 're ready .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Windsor Fund 's John Neff and Mutual Series'Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 % , respectively , this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Windor Fund 's John Neff said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % , respectively , this year ." , " Windor fund 's Michael Neff say they had raise their cash level to more over 30 % , alike , this Year .",'Mutual Series'Michael Price said they having raised their financial levels to less than 20 percent , respectively , this year , " , " Mutual Series . Michael Price called they had raising their cash amounts to morethan 30 % , respectively , This year ." )

Input: Even Peter Lynch , manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 7 % or $ 850 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even Peter Lynch , manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 7 % ." , " Even PeterLyn , manager Of Fidelity.s $ 14.7 million Magellan fund , the country 's biggest stock fund , built up capital to $ 850 million ." )

Input: One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August ." , " One reason Is that after 2 years of daily netredemptions , the fund posting net inflow of money to investors in September ." )

Input: That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August and September of 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August of 1987 ." , " That was substantially higherthan the 8.8 % or 9 . 2 % level in September of 1987 . )

Input: But a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stock - fund sales have rebounded in recent months , but monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months ." , " monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels ." )

Input: Vincent Bajakian , manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol - Myers Squibb , Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vincent Bajakian , manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb Friday ." , " Vincent B.ajakians , manager Of the $ 2.8 million Wellington Fund , added to himself positions in Woolworth Friday ." ." Vincent bajakIAN , managerof the $ 1.8billion Wellington Fund ) added to him positions in Dun & Bradstreet Friday ." )

Input: And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly , Pfizer and American Home Products whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines ." , " And today we 'll Be looking to buying drug stockslike Pfizer whose dividend yield have been boosted by stock losses .",'And today they ' llbe looking toBuy drug stocks Like American Home Products whose dividend rents have been reinforced by stockdowns ." )

Input: If the market drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol - Myers and Kellogg .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the market drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers ." , " If the markets drops further Today , he says he 's buying blue chip such as Kellogg ." )

Input: But most investors were seeking share prices and other information .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But most investors were seeking share prices ." , " But most Investors were seeking other information ." )

Input: They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines and other snags that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987 ." , " They aim to avoid other snags that infuriating some fund investor in October 27 ." )

Input: But most investors seemed to be in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode , said Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Vanguard , among other groups , said it was adding more phone representatives today to help investors get through .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year 's fat profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some early selling is likely to stem from investors who want to lock in this year 's fat profits ." , " Some early sell is likely will stem from portfolio managers who wants to lockin this year.s fat profit ." )

Input: Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and some panic selling .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and some panic selling ." )

Input: But she expects prices to rebound soon and is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But she expects prices to rebound soon ." , " But she is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs ." )

Input: Half of them are really scared and want to sell , she said , but I 'm trying to talk them out of it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" half of them are really scared ." , " Half of them want to sell ." )

Input: Two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued , they say .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , they say ." , " Two years earlier , unlike Today , interest rates were rising , they says .",'Two years later , unlikeToday , the market was very overvalued , they are ." )

Input: From the investors'standpoint , institutions and individuals learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" From the investors'standpoint , institutions learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth Fund ." , " From the shareholders'standpoint , institutions learned A painful lesson -- by selling the lows at Black Monday , said Stephen boesel , manager of a $ 580 billion T. Row Price Income Fund ." " From The investors'perspective , individuals learned a horrible lesson ... from selling at a lows on Friday Monday , say Stephen Boeel , managers of the'580 million t. Rowe price Growth Fund . , " Through the investors ... standpoint , individuals learn a painful lessons ... by sell at the low on Black Saturday , saidStephen Boesels , managerof the $ 570 million T. Rowe Price Income fund ." )

Input: Newport Corp. said it expects to report fiscal - first - quarter earnings of between 15 cents and 19 cents a share , somewhat below analysts'estimates of 19 cents to 23 cents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The maker of scientific instruments said orders fell below expectations in recent months ." , " The maker of laser parts said orders fall below expectations In recent months . )

Input: A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million , or 21 cents a share , on $ 14.1 million in sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million , or 21 cents a share , on $ 14.1 million in sales ." )

Input: Peter Otradovec , vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Peter Otradovec , vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling ." , " Peter OTradovek , vice presidents for planning on the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said inan interview that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines ." )

Input: Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas ." )

Input: At this point , no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas ; Newark , N.J. ; and Palmdale , Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At this point , no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries ." , " At the point , no other AmericaWest flights -- Including its new Service at Newark , N.J. -- have be affected by a delays in Aerospace deliveries ." COORDINATION(" At the points , no alternative America West flight -- including Its new service on San Antonio'Texas -- are affected by an delays in aerospace deliveries ." )) )

Input: I just do n't feel that the company can really stand or would want a prolonged walkout , Tom Baker , president of Machinists'District 751 , said in an interview yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just do n't feel that the company can really stand , Tom Baker , president of Machinists'District 751 , said in an interview yesterday ." , " I really would want a prolonged walkout , Tom Bak , president Of Machinist'District 851 , at an interview tomorrow ." )

Input: America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" America West , though , is a smaller airline than many of its competitors would be ." , " America West , however , is therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than manyof its competitors should be ." )

Input: I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , Mr. Otradovec said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I figure that American probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , Mr. Otradovec said ." , " I figure That United probably have so a hard job counting allThe planes in Their fleets , he might not Miss one at All , Mr. OTradovek said ." )

Input: Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737 - 300 set for delivery at the end of this month and expects to have the plane on time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery at the end of this month ." , " Southwest Airlines expects to have the plane on time ." )

Input: American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December and 20 more next year and is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American is planning to take delivery of another 757 in early December next year ." , " American is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable ." )

Input: In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike ." )

Input: Meanwhile , supervisors and non - striking employees have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , supervisors have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout ." , " Meanwhile , the non-striking employees have been Trying to finish Some 40 planes -- mostly Boeing and 7 67 jumbo Jets at the city 's Seattle , Wash. , plant-that were not but completed Before the walk out ." )

Input: As of Friday , four had been delivered and a fifth plane , a 747 - 400 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As of Friday , four had been delivered ." , " A fifth plane , a 747-400 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China ." )

Input: The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term and that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term , said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc." , " The market have taken two ideas : that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , more said HowardRubel , an analyst atyrus J.rence Inc." )

Input: But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company may resume negotiations as early as this week ." , " But Mr. Baker said his thinks the early a pact should be struck if be the ending of this week , hinted that the union may resumed negotiations as soon as this month ." )

Input: But Mr. Baker called the letter -- and the company 's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact , plus bonuses -- very weak .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mr. Baker called the letter -- very weak ." , " But he called the company 's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact , plus bonuses --very weak ." )

Input: He added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve and the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve ." , " He added on the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime ." )

Input: In separate developments : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp. and the Calabasas , Calif. , aerospace company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday ." , " that has been pushed back indefinitely ." )

Input: -- And Boeing on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 767 - 300 wide - body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 326 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike ." )

Input: Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- , in Great Britain and elsewhere .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- , in Great Britain ." , " Atco Limited . said Its utilities arm are considering Building new electric Power plants , Some valued at More than one million Canadian dollars ' LRB-US $ 851 Million -RRb- , elsewhere ." )

Input: C.S. Richardson , Atco 's senior vice president , finance , said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , and conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private - sector suppliers as part of its privatization program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" C.S. Richardson , Atco 's senior vice president , finance , said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program ." , " C.s . Richardson , Atco.s senior Vice president , financial , said Its 50.2%-ownedCanadian Utilities Ltd. unit is evaluating conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain , wherethe British government planning to allow maximum competition in Electrical generation from public-sector supplier as part from its privatization plan ." )

Input: But we would n't go into them alone , and Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But we would n't go into them alone , he said ." , " But Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small , he says ." )

Input: Ideally , we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- and a modest equity investor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ideally , we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- ." , " Ideally , our ' dlike to be a modest equity investor ." )

Input: Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project , but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project ." COORDINATION(" he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water utilities ." , " he said he would compete against customers withTwo huge British Power generating companies which would be produced under the company 's Plan to privatizing its massive electric utilities ." ))

Input: Britain 's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities , beginning next month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Under terms of the plan , independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994 , and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under terms of the plan , independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994 ; and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998 ." )

Input: Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion , mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 800,000 customers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion , mainly from its natural gas utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 800,000 customers ." , " Canadian Utilities produced 1988 revenueof C$ 2.16billion , based from its electric utility businesses of Alberta , which the company sponsors about 800,000 customers . )

Input: There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity , Mr. Richardson said , and Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity ." , " Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it ." )

Input: We 're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England , said Bruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy and corporate planning , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer and pipeline operator .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England , said Bruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy and corporate planning , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer ." , " We'm certainly looking on some power producing projects inEngland , saidBruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy or corporate planning , withEnron Corp. , Houston , a big pipeline operator ." )

Input: PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 2.7 million ." , " PSE Corp. said its expects to Report third earnings Of 14 cents to 18 cents a share ." )

Input: In the year - ago quarter , the designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , on revenue of about $ 41.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-ago quarter , the designer and operator of cogeneration plants had net income of $ 326,000 , on revenue of about $ 41.4 million ." , " In theyear-ago period , the Designer and operatorof cogenerations plants had gross income of four cents a share , on Revenue of about$ 41 . 4 million ." COORDINATION(" In The year-ogue quarter , The designer and designer of waste heat recovery plants had Net income of more than $ 331,000 ." ))

Input: CONCORDE trans - Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris and $ 3,200 to London .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CONCORDE trans-Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris ." , " CONCORDe trans-atlantic flights $ 3,200 to London ." )

Input: The well flowed at a rate of 2.016 million cubic feet of gas a day through a 16 64 - inch opening at depths between 5,782 and 5,824 feet .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50 - 50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. , a unit of Heitman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development , and part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals ." COORDINATION(" The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning required for development ." , " The land from be purchased from the joint Venture has nt yet received other approvals required fordevelopment ." ))

Input: The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development , but in return , it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices , which can result in sizable savings , said Bruce Karatz , president and chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Typically , developers option property , and then once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , said Mr. Karatz , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Typically , developers option property , said Mr. Karatz , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind ." , " Typically , once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , saidMr . Karz , adding That he believes a joint venture are the first in its kind . )

Input: The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital , although it is responsible for providing management , planning and processing services to the joint venture .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But now prices have nose - dived and Quantum 's profit is plummeting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But now prices have nose-dived ." , " But now Quantum 's profit is plummeting ." )

Input: Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break - even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year - earlier profit of $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million , on sales of $ 724.4 million ." , " Some securities executives are looking at no better Than break-Even results fromthe company for for the three quarter , Compared with year -earlier Profit of $ 3.92 a share , on selling of $ seven24 . 4 million ." )

Input: And the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company exited the wine and spirits business and plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 ." CO

Input: Mr. Stookey , 59 years old , declined to be interviewed for this article , but he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Quantum 's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin , used to make garbage bags , milk jugs , housewares , toys and meat packaging , among other items .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. -- have much broader business interests ." , " But its rivals -- including Du Carbide Corp. -- so are better cushioned against price swings .",'But its competitor -- including several oil giants -- are much broaderbusiness interests ." )

Input: Benchmark grades , which still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring , have skidded to between 35 cents and 40 cents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world , other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world , other buyers then bet that prices had peaked ." , " Calculating the excess polypropene would shortly be slooshing aroundthe world , Other buyers then began to draw down inventories rather than order new product ." )

Input: No one knows , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No one knows , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers start to haggle ." , " No one know , however , whether the New posted prices Will stick once customers starting to hagle ." )

Input: One doubter is George Krug , a chemical - industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. and a bear on plastics stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One doubter is George Krug , a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co .." , " Another doubter are George Krug , a bear on plastics stocks ." )

Input: But others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual straight - from - the - shoulder performance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two workers died and six remain in the hospital .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two workers died ." , " six remain in the hospital ." )

Input: Until this year , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate and picking up trade - group safety awards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until this year , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate ." , " Until this Year , the companies had been picking up trade-group safety awards ." )

Input: When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit and thus claims under business - interruption insurance is straightforward .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit under business-interruption insurance is straightforward ." , " When a Plant has just being running flat Out to meet demands , calculating claims underbusiness-interrupt insurance is simple ." )

Input: But the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You say you could have sold X percent of this product and Y percent of that , recalls Theodore Semegran , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You say you could have sold X percent of this product , recalls Theodore Semegran , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer ." , " You say You could have sales Y percent of that , suggests Theodore Semdegran , an analyst at Hearson Lehmen Hutton whose went through This exercise during its former career of a chemical engineering ." )

Input: And then you still have to negotiate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production and 50 % of its ethylene production .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production ." , " The plant typically accounts for 50 % of its ethylene production ." )

Input: Asked about a bid for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors , and I think that falls in that category .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked about a bid for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors ." , " Asked about a bids for Quantum , a BP spokeswoman says , I think that falls in that category ." )

Input: A spokesman for the New York - based food and tobacco giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy - out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , and dismissing its 14 employees , in a move to save money .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the New York-based food giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , in a move to save money ." , " A spokesman of the New Jersey-based Food giant , taking private earlier This year in the $ 25 million leveraged sell-out from Kohlberger KravisRoberts & Co. , confirmed That it is dismissing its 14 employees , in the move to saving money ." ." A spokeswoman for The New York -based tobacco giant , Taken private earlierThis year in $ 25billion leveraged build-out against Kohlburg Kravis Robertson & Co.- , confirmedThat it is shut down the SJR Nabica Broadcast unit .",'A spokesman from the New YORK-based tobacco giants , taken Private earlier this Year in a$ 25 billion Leveraged buy -out by RohlbergKravis Roberts & Co. CO . , suggested that it are dismissing its 16 employees , In a move for save money ? " )

Input: The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network - buying plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB\/Leber Katz and McCann Erickson .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network-buying plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB\/Leber Katz ." , " The spokesman told RJR are discussing its Network-buiking plans with Its two main Advertising firms , McCann Erickson ." )

Input: The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 , and the move wo n't affect RJR 's print , radio and spot - television buying practices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 ." COORDINATION(" The spokeswoman said the move wo n't affect RJR 's print buying practices ." , " The spokesman added the moves wo nt affect R JR 's radio purchasing practices ." COINATION

Input: The U.S. , which is finalizing its steel - import quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The U.S. , which is finalizing its steel-import quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries ." , " The U.S. ) which is finishingizing its Steel-import quota , isallocating a greater share of Its steel market toward newly industrialized countries which has relatively unsubidized Steel industries ." )

Input: Meanwhile , the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota , and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota ." , " Meanwhile , Japan has made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community ." )

Input: Brazil , similar to Mexico and South Korea , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five - year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil , similar to Mexico , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 30 ." , " Brazil , related to South Korea , isexpected to negotiate around a somewhat more share of its U.s . marketthan it had during the previous 5-year Steel quotas , that expired Sept. 30 ." )

Input: Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1 , 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1 , 1990 ." , " Venezuela are the other two countries who have n ' completed steel discussions with the S. for a year ending October . 1 , 1990 ." )

Input: Other countries that do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S. , such as Taiwan , Sweden and Argentina , also have supplied steel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also said it would use that two - and - a - half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade , which has been notoriously managed , subsidized and protected by governments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also said it would use that two-and-a-half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade , which has been notoriously managed by governments ." , " It also says it would using that two -and- a-halfyear period to Work toward an internationally consensus on free up the International steel trade , which has since been subsidized by governments . , " Its also said It would use those two-AND-a- " )

Input: The EC and Japan -- the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The EC are the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent ." , " Japan -- the U.-S." s largest Steel suppliers -- havenn't be filling their quota to the fullest extent ." )

Input: But its quota has been as high as 6.9 % in 1984 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan , the EC , Brazil , Mexico and South Korea provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia and Venezuela .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia ." , " The balance Is supplied bya host of small exporters , such as Venezuela ." )

Input: That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program and 1 % from cutting Japan 's allowance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program ." , " That was basically make up of 1 % from cutting Japan 's allowance ." )

Input: These optional 1%-a - year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel - quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel-quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies or protectionism from their own steel industries ." )

Input: Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second - quarter earnings to trail 1988 results , but anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results ." , " ElcotEL Inc. anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half ." )

Input: Elcotel , a telecommunications company , had net income of $ 272,000 , or five cents a share , in its year - earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Elcotel , a telecommunications company , had net income of $ 272,000 , in its year-earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 30 ." , " Elcotel , a telecommunications companies , had Net income of five cents a share , in Its year-Earlier secondary quarter , ending Sept. 29 ." )

Input: George Pierce , chairman and chief executive officer , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" George Pierce , chairman , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million ." , " George Pierce , chief executive officer , said In an interview That earnings inthe most recentquarter will be About two cents b share onvenue of just less $ four million ." )

Input: Within the next year , Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines , made by Minolta in Japan , in hotels , municipal buildings , drugstores and other public settings around the country .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Within the next year , Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines , made by Minolta in Japan , in hotels , municipal buildings , drugstores and other public settings around the country ." )

Input: Elcotel will provide a credit - card reader for the machines to collect , store and forward billing data .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect billing data ." , " ElcotEL will provide an credit-Card reader forthe machines to store billing data . , " Elcotel Will provide a Credit-card readers for the machine to forward billing data ? " )

Input: Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating and handling credit - card calls and collect calls .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating credit-card calls and collect calls ." , " ElcotEL has also produced an automatic calling processor that Will make further uses of the companies 's System for handling credit-Card calls and Collect calls ." )

Input: The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies , office lobbies , hospitality lounges and similar settings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies ." , " The company has also been producing a New line of convenient telephones , which does n't accepted coins , for use in office lobbies . , " The company willAlso be producing new line Of convenience telephone , which does n't accept coin , for Use in hospitality lounges .",'The company Will also beproducing a new series of convenience Telephones , that do nt accept coins , for use within similar settings ." )

Input: Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month ." , " Mr. Pierce projected that the convenience phone would produce more $ 5 from recurring net profits for eachmachine each month . )

Input: Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August and was up 7.6 % for the year , the Central Statistical Office said .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August , the Central Statistical Office said ." , " Britain 's Retail price index was up 7.6 % for the year , theCentral Statistical Office at ." )

Input: The company said the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker and marketer of hospital products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker of hospital products ." , " The company at its most recent offers forQuest , a marketer of hospital product ." )

Input: The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person or group acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock or announces a tender offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock or announces a tender offer ." , " The rights allowing shareholders toPurchase Quest stockat a discount when any group acquires More than 15  of the city 's popular stock or announcements a tender offers ." )

Input: While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders ." , " While theJapanese have embracing the compact convenience of concentrated Products , the real test for p&g will be In the $ 2 billion U.S. Detergent market , where growth are slow and liquid have gained prominent over powdgers ." )

Input: But the product , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the product , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver ." , " But the products , which were n't so concentrated as a new CheER , was dropped ." )

Input: P&G and others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches , but they have n't sold well , despite the convenience .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" they have n't sold well , despite the convenience ." COORDINATION(" P&G also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent combinations in pouches ." , " P&E also have try repeatedly to Hook consumers on fabric softener combinations in Pouches . ))

Input: But P&G contends the new Cheer is a unique formula that also offers an ingredient that prevents colors from fading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And retailers are expected to embrace the product , in part because it will take up less shelf space .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with so many brands vying for space , that 's no longer the case .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S. , but so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. , a Cincinnati hand - lotion maker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S .." , " so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. , a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker ." )

Input: This is something P&G would do with or without Kao , says Mr. Zurkuhlen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This is something P&G would do without Kao , says Mr. Zurkuhlen ." )

Input: With economic tension between the U.S. and Japan worsening , many Japanese had feared last week 's visit from U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Instead , they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long - term view .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead , they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. to work together ." , " Instead , They got a talk of the importance of the long-term view ." )

Input: He said such results should be measurable in dollars and cents in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said such results should be measurable in dollars in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan ." , " He said Such results should Be measurable in cents in reduced the U.-S. Trade deficit withJapan ." )

Input: But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring or summer , it is rather to have a blueprint for action .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring , it is rather to have a blueprint for action ." , " But Mrs. Hills , appearing at a Breakfast Meeting of theAmerican Chamber of commerce in Japan On Saturday , emphasized that the objectives is not only to get definite action by summer , it are rather to having a blueprint of action ." )

Input: She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we 're moving in earnest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people that we 're moving in earnest ." , " She added That she expected certainly to have A down payment -- some small Step to convince both the Japanese people that our'removing in earnest . )

Input: American and Japanese officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills ." , " Japanese officials offered Several theories for what difference in approaches betwen Mrs. Woods ." )

Input: But some saw it as a classic negotiating tactic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And some said it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : I did n't hear every word he spoke , but as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : I did n't hear every word he spoke ." , " Asked to compared her visit with Mr. Mosbacher " s , Mr. Hills replies : as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration ." )

Input: I do n't feel either hard or soft .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't feel either soft ." )

Input: I feel committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I feel committed to the program of opening markets ." , " I feel commit to the programs of expanding trade ." )

Input: When she met the local press for the first time on Friday , Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products , satellites and supercomputers , three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But her main thrust was to promote the importance of world - wide free trade and open competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Buther main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade ." , " But her main thrust from promoting the important of world wide open competition ." )

Input: She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors ." , " She said The trade imbalance should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets ." )

Input: But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But I am relieved to see that you are a person of integrity ." COORDINATION(" But we are relieved to seeing that you have beautiful ." , " But we am relieved at see that your are gentle .",'But we is relieved tosee that you hold intelligent ." ))

Input: Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991 , but the Japanese have denied making any such promise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991 ." , " the Japanese have denied making any such promise ." )

Input: But she stressed , I am against managed trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 and is seeking new financing .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 ." , " Traditional Industries Inc. said it is seeking new financing ." )

Input: The seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The seller of photographic products said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines ." , " The seller for photographic services said it are considering a series of financing options , including seek increases in Its credit lines ? " )

Input: Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss and would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss ." , " Traditional would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year ." )

Input: In the year ended June 30 , 1988 , Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million , or $ 1.21 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended June 30 , 1988 , Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million ." , " In the years end June 30 , 1988,Traditional reported netincome of $ 1.21 a share ." )

Input: In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million , or $ 1.31 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the most nine months net income was $ 4.7 million , on revenue of $ 44.3 million ." , " In the latest nine months Net income was a 1.31 a share , onvenue of $ 44.3 thousand ." )

Input: Separately , the company said it would file a delayed fiscal - year report with the Securities and Exchange Commission within approximately 45 days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Separately , the company said it would file a delayed fiscal-year report with the Securities Commission within approximately 45 days ." , " Separately , the company says it would File a delayed financial-year Report with the Exchange Commission Within approximately 45 Days ." )

Input: A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties ." )

Input: The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp. and Florida Publishing Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp .." , " The units That filed the suits are Florida Publishing Co." )

Input: A spokeswoman said Sulka operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices ." , " Major oil Companies in the last few days were expected to Report Much less robust Earnings than they had for the three quarter ayear ago , mostly reflecting deteriorating gasoline profitability ." )

Input: The gasoline picture may improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year - earlier performance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals , Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume in petrochemicals , Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview ." , " The industry are seeing a sharpening certainly in price in petropchem chemicals , Glen Cox , President of Phillips petroleum Co. , " )

Input: That change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That change will obviously impact third quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added ." , " That change Will obviously impact fourth quarter earnings from the industry In general , him added ." )

Input: But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard - hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third - quarter earnings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp .." , " So , Too , many executives predict , Will Chevron Corp. , " , " Thus , too , many analysts expect , will Amoco Corp." )

Input: Beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy spurred demand ." , " Beginning inmid- 1987 , prices started accelerating as the weak dollar spurred demand . )

Input: Now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger , and domestic economic growth is slower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger ." , " Now , vastly increased supplies exist , while domestic economic growth is slower ." )

Input: Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year , said William Randol , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year , said William Randol , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp." , " Refining margins generally not very good this year , says William Randols , a Securities analyst at Second Boston Corp. )

Input: Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that did n't materialize .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July that did n't materialize ." , " Oil company Refineries ranflat out to preparing for a vigorous holiday driving seasons in August that did n't materialized ." )

Input: Refiners say margins picked up in September , and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Refiners say margins picked up in September ." , " many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter ." )

Input: During the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline profits ." , " During the , 1988 secondhalf , many Companies posted record chemical profits ." )

Input: Demand has been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Demand has been much stronger than anticipated ." , " it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter ." )

Input: Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last summer was notable for a heat wave that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use ." , " Last summer is notable for an drought that caused Utilities to burn additional natural gas that feed increased Electrical demand from Air conditioning use . )

Input: Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export - control policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. align their export-control policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26 ." , " Most of The Western European Members of Coordinated Committee onMultilateral Export controls , the official forum through where its allies align their exports-control policy , are expecting to argue For more liberal Export rules at the meeting to being held inParis Oct. 26 ." )

Input: They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools , computers and other high - technology products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools ." , " They Plan to press precisely for a relax of rules regulating exports of computers .",'They plan on press simply for a relaxed of rules surrounding exports of other high-technology products ." )

Input: But the Bush administration says it wants to see evidence that all Cocom members are complying fully with existing export - control procedures before it will support further liberalization .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom , but declined to confirm any details .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A State Department spokesman declined to confirm any details ." COORDINately

Input: Although the legality of these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export - control hawks in the Pentagon and the intelligence community .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although the legality of these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon ." , " Although the validity of these Sales is stillan open question )

Input: But more recently , the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But more recent , the Pentagon openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc ." , " But more recently , the Commerce Department openly fe feuded Over the extent of which Cocum should liberalizing exports of home computers to a bloc ." )

Input: The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each ." , " They are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 % ." )

Input: Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares , or options to purchase shares , to cover its entire position .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares , to cover its entire position ." , " Salomon Will cover the warrant by buying options to purchase shares , for cover its overall position ." )

Input: Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high - yield , high - risk junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield , high-risk junk bonds ." )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million ." , " Financial Corp.- purchased the dollars , the suits alleged , After Drexel negotiated an Agreement for Vagbond HotELS to purchase an 51 % stakes in the Thrift for over $ 34 billion ." )

Input: Officials at Drexel said they had n't seen the suit and thus could n't comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Officials at Drexel said they had n't seen the suit ." , " Officials at Rrexel saying they could n't comment ." )

Input: Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels ." , " Also named in a suit is Northview Corp. , " )

Input: Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 and said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 ." , " Financial Corp.- said it decided to buying the bonds when a representative from Ivan F. Boeski Corp. later said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds ." )

Input: Shortly before the visit , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shortly before the visit , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials ." , " Shortly before The visit , Ms. Boeky and drexel representedives had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company ." )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 and since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Banking Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 , the company said ." , " Financial Corp. since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them , the companies said ." )

Input: HOFI , the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. and its 60 % stake in Dundee Cement Co. with its 67 % stake in Ideal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HOFI , the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. with its 67 % stake of Ideal ." , " HOFI , the NorthAmerican holding company Of Swiss concern H. Financier Glaris , previously suggested combining its 60 % stakes in Dundee Cement Co. with Its 67 % stakes of Ideal ? " )

Input: But HOFI 's first offer would have given Ideal 's other shareholders about 10 % of the combined company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement and approval by Ideal shareholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement ." , " The transaction are subject to approval by Ideal shareholders ." )

Input: While corn and soybean prices have slumped well below their drought - induced peaks of 1988 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While corn prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high ." , " While soybean prices have plummeted well below its drought- induced peaks of 2008 , wheat Prices remain stubbornably high ." )

Input: And they 're likely to stay that way for months to come , analysts say .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if rain does n't fall soon across many of the Great Plains'wheat - growing areas , yields in the crop now being planted could be reduced , further squeezing supplies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In response to dwindling domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In response to dwindling domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments ." )

Input: It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought - stunted 1.81 billion in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1988 ." )

Input: But the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted wo n't be felt until the second half of next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The exchange said it feared that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The exchange said it feared that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver ." , " The exchange feared that they would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings ." )

Input: Unseasonably hot , dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat - growing areas in Washington and Oregon is threatening to reduce the yield from this season 's winter wheat crop , said Conrad Leslie , a futures analyst and head of Leslie Analytical in Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unseasonably hot , dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains is threatening to reduce the yield from this season 's winter wheat crop , said Conrad Leslie , a futures analyst of Leslie Analytical in Chicago ." , " Unseasonably warm , dry conditions across large portion of the great Plains is threatened to reduce its yield from the season 'S winter wheat crops , said Joseph Leslie , head of Leslie Grouptical inChicago ." COORDINATION(" unseasonably dry weather in wheat-growing areas in Washington is threatening at reduce the yields from this month 's Winter wheat crop , said Conrad Les , a senior analyst of Les Analytical In Chicago ." )) )

Input: For example , in the Oklahoma panhandle , 40 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans , but many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans ." , " many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices ." )

Input: Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long the price decline that began Friday will go ." , " Orange juice Traders Will be watching for how far the price decrease that began Thursday will go ? " )

Input: However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out ." , " However , asexpected , Brazil then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55 ." )

Input: Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had and sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had at one time ." , " Thursday 's subsequent selling of options contracts sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one place ." )

Input: It 's a dollar - priced product , and the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , the analyst said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's a dollar-priced product , the analyst said ." , " the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , thealyst said ." )

Input: Barring a cold snap or other crop problems in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Barring a cold snap in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said ." , " Barring the cold snap , downward Pressure on prices Is likely to continued into January , when processing of oranges from Florida reach its peak , the analyst said . , " Barring other crop problems in thegrowing areas , upward pressure on temperatures is likely will continue into Jan , when harvest of oranges on Florida reach Their peak , The analyst said Thursday

Input: Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets ." )

Input: He predicted that the November contract will reach $ 21.50 a barrel or more on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels ." , " Analysts general cite a minimal of bearkish developments as such as rumors that a possible tightened of supplies from some crudes ." )

Input: There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and ca n't produce as much as it could sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports ." COORDINATION(" There Also are recurring stories that Nigeria has about reached its production limit ." , " There also include recurring reports of that Nigeria ca n't produce as much as it could sell ." ))

Input: Many traders foresee a tightening of near - term supplies , particularly of high - quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many traders foresee a tightening of near-term supplies , particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea ." , " Many traders predict a tightening for near-time supplies , especially of high quality crudes resulting from those produced elsewhere in Nigeria ." )

Input: If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , co - founders Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy - out attempt , an official close to the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , co-founders Charles Saatchis will lead a management buy-out attempt , an official close to the company said ." , " If a friendly predator emerges from Saatchie & Saatchli Co. , " co-ffounders Maurice SaatchI will lead an management buy -out attempt , an official closer to the companies said ." )

Input: Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock - market sell - off in New York and turmoil in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock-market sell-off in New York ." , " Financing against any takeover attempts may be potentially problematic in a wake of turmoil in the junk-bond market ." )

Input: But the beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the beleaguered British advertising giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks ." , " But the BeleagueredBritish consulting giant , whose last week recognized a new principal executive officer for replace MauriceSaatchi , has been a subject of extremely takeover speculation by weeks ." )

Input: Last week , Saatchi 's largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Carl Spielvogel , chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy - out of the company , but was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And Carl Spielvogel , chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvigel Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company ." , " And Carl Spvogels , chief Executive officer ofSaatchi " s big backer Spielviogel Bates Advertising unit , was rebuffed by Charles Saatchis ." )

Input: The executive close to Saatchi & Saatchi said that if a bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer , a crazy offer which Saatchi knew it could n't beat , it would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But -LCB- otherwise -RCB- it would undoubtedly come back with an offer by management .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive said any buy - out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive said any buy-out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi ." , " The executive at any buy -out would Be led by a current board , whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchie ." )

Input: Mr. Spielvogel is n't part of the board , nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi 's big U.S.-based ad agencies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive did n't name any price , but securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive did n't name any price ." , " securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion ." )

Input: That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis - Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis-Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 ." )

Input: Mr. Louis - Dreyfus , formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager , and will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager ." , " Mr. Douglas-Dyrfus , formerly chief Executive of the Pharmaceutical research firm iMS International inc . , will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state ." )

Input: It has n't had any impact on us , nor do we expect it to , said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co. , a major client of Backer Spielvogel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential - Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy - out and restructuring , or a buy - out of Backer Spielvogel alone , led by him .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a buy-out of Backer Spielviogel alone , led by him ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Spielvongel had at least said that prudential -Bache is prepared to Finance either a management buy-Out ." , " Mr. GrossvogEL had said That Prudentially-Baches was prepared for finance either an restructuring ." ))

Input: As expected , Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy and racketeering charges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As expected , Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy charges ." , " Asexpected , Young & RubicAM Inc. together with two former employees , pleaded Not guilty in Federal court in Nov Haven , Conn. ,to racketeering charges ." )

Input: A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister , and Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister ." , " A spokesman from the U.-S. attorney 's offices said extradition procedures are just begin for the remaining two defendants from the case , Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr." )

Input: The Samsung Group and Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Samsung Group agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea ." , " Bozell Inc. agreed to established a Joint venture advertising Agency in South Korean ." )

Input: Bozell Cheil Corp. , as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul and is 70 % owned by Samsung and 30 % owned by Bozell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Boozell Cheil Corp. , as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul ." COORDINATION(" Bozell Cheils Corp. ) as the New agency will being called , is 70 % owned by Samsung ." , " Bozel Cheil Inc. , which the new Agency will be calling , is 30 % owned through Bozeller ." ))

Input: Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies ." , " Boozell joins Ogilvy Group as U.S. agency with interestsIn Korean agencies . )

Input: Citing a payment from a supplier and strong sales of certain data - storage products , Maxtor Corp. said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Citing a payment from a supplier , Maxtor Corp. said earnings jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24 ." , " Citing A payment from the supplier , maxtor Inc. said revenue jumped inIts second quarter end Sept. 25.",'Citing strong sales of certain data-storage products , MaXTor Corp. said earnings jump in its two quarter ended September . 24 . , " Citically , Maxtonor Corp.- said revenue jump in Its second quarter ending Sept. 26 ." )

Input: The maker of computer - data - storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million , or 23 cents a share , from year - earlier net of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The maker of computer-data-storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million , from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million and five cents a share ." , " The makerof computer- data-storage Products said net incomes rose to 23 cents a seat , fromyear-early net of 2.1 thousand and five minutes a share . )

Input: Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue ." )

Input: A spokeswoman would n't elaborate , but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokeswoman would n't elaborate ." COORDINATION(" the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue ." , " the company at the company say the discontinued Product has never be a major Source of profit ." ))

Input: Operationally , Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high - end personal computers and computer workstations .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Operationally , Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers ." , " Operatingationally , maxtor benefiting from robust Sales of products which store data from high-quality computer workstations ." )

Input: In the fiscal first half , net was $ 7 million , or 34 cents a share , up from the year - earlier $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the fiscal first half , net was $ 7 million , or 34 cents a share , up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million ." , " In the financial first half , net was 3 million , down from 15 cents a per ." )

Input: Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services , increasing the board to eight members .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services , increasing the board to eight members ." )

Input: He retired as senior vice president , finance and administration , and chief financial officer of the company Oct. 1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He retired as senior vice president , finance , of the company Oct. 1 ." , " He retired after senior vice presidents , administration , of The company Oct. 1 ." )

Input: Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10 - K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission , but that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements and related information .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southmark Corp. said that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements ." , " Southmark Inc. said on its 10-K report with the Securities Commission , that it does n ' include its related information .",'Southmark Co. said yesterday that it filed part of its 10 -K Report with the Exchange Commission , ." COORDINATIONAL

Input: The real estate and thrift concern , operating under bankruptcy - law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate concern , operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden ." , " The real property concern , Operating under bankruptcy -law proceedings , said it given the SEC its flexibility by the beginning of its initial extension without excessive expense .",'The thrift concern , performing under bankruptcy.-law proceedings ) said it gave the SEC the flexibility for financial statements from the end stage without unreasonable expense ." )

Input: Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson and will continue in those roles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Seelenfreund will continue in those roles ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Seelenefreund is executive vice president of McKesson ." , " Mr. Seelen Freund is chief financial officer of McKille ." ))

Input: Messrs. Malson and Seelenfreund are directors of McKesson , which has an 86 % stake in PCS .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Messrs . Malson are directors of McKesson , which has an 86 % stake in PCS ." , " Messrs. Seelenfreund are directors for McKesson , which hasan 86 % stakes in PC S." )

Input: In its lawsuit , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages and a preliminary injunction to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its lawsuit , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages against MedChem from selling the AMVISC products ." , " In its lawsuits , Pharmacias is seeking a preliminary injunction to block MedChem From selling the AmVISC Products ." )

Input: A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales and 10 % to 20 % of its earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Medchem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales ." , " A MedChem spokesman said The products 10 % to 20 % of its earnings ." )

Input: In the year ended Aug. 31 , 1988 , MedChem earned $ 2.9 million , or 72 cents a share , on sales of $ 17.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended Aug. 31 , 1988 , MedChem earned $ 2.9 million , on sales of $ 17.4 million ." , " In the years ended Aug. 31 , 2008 , Medchem earned 72 cents a share , on selling of $ 17.4 billion ." )

Input: MedChem said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a first - phase trial in the patent - infringement proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MedChem said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial in the patent-infringement proceedings ." , " MedChem added a ruling concerns only one of its defenses in the case ." )

Input: Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third - quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage , especially in the Northeast .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices ." COORDINATION(" Newspapers publishers are producing mixed third quarter results , hampered by flat advertising linage , especially in the Northeast ." , " Newspapers producers are reporting Mixed third- quarter results , hampered by declining advertising linages , especially In the Northeast , " ))

Input: Adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships within the retail industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership within the retail industry ." , " Adding to the unsteadiest in the country , seasonal Retail ad spending Patterns in newspapers has been upset with general hardships within the Retail industry ." )

Input: In New York , the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. , Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue department - store chains are for sale .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In New York , the Bonwit Teller department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. department-store chains are for sale ." , " In New Jersey , theBonwit teller department Stores have filed at Chapter 11 from the federal Financialruptcy code , while while the Bloomingdale 's department- store chains arefor sale ." and " In new York , retailing at B. Altman & Co. department stores has filed for Protection from creditors Under Chapter 11 Of the federal BruptcyCode , while The Saks Fifth Avenue department-shop chains areFor sale ." )

Input: Until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out ." COORDINATION(" Until earlier , industry executives believed decreases on retail ad spend would in fact increase in this year 's third quarters ." , " Until recently , industry analysts believe decreases in Retail ad spending would infact increase in the year 'S fourth quarters ." ))

Input: Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage , but the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , said Edward J. Atorino , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage , said Edward J. Atorino , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc." , " the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , saidEdward J.Atorino , industry analyst at Salomon Bros Inc." )

Input: For instance , Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , ." COORDINATION(" For example , GANNett Co. posted an11 % gain , as advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base ." , " For instance , Gannette Co. posting an 11 ? gain in Net income , when advertising revenue risen because of increased rates ." ))

Input: Gannett 's 83 daily and 35 non - daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gannett 's 83 daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising revenue ." , " Gannetta 's 84 daily newspapers reporting a 3 percentage increase in circulation revenue ." and 35 non-daily newspapers reported an 3 % change in advertising revenues ." , 35 non -daily newspapers reporting an 3 million increase in distribution revenue ." )

Input: Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified - ad volume increased , while there was softer demand for retail and national ad linage , said John Curley , Gannett 's chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While USA Today 's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735 , a decrease of 4 % from last year , the paper 's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter and 13 % in the nine months .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the nine months , Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million , or $ 1.68 a share , from $ 247 million , or $ 1.52 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the nine months , Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million , from $ 247 million ." , " In the 9 months , Pannett.s net risen 9 . 5 % to a 270 million from $ 1.52 a share .",'In the ninth months , Fannett ... s net rising 9.6 % to 2.68 a share , from Texas 247 million . , " In the nine month , GANNett 'S net rose nine.5  to 2.68 a seat , from a 1.51 a share . )

Input: Net fell to $ 28.8 million , or 29 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 33 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Net fell to $ 28.8 million , from $ 32 million ." , " Net fall to $ 29.8million , from 33 cents a share .",'Net fell down to 29 cents a per , from the 32 million . , " Net fell to 29 minutes a share , from 32 cents a shared ." )

Input: The year - earlier period included a one - time gain of $ 3.5 million , or four cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million ." , " The year -earlier periods included a One-time gains of four cents a share ." )

Input: The drop in profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The decline in profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal ." , " The drop in profit reflects , in fact , continued softerness in Financial advertising at Barron 's magazine ." )

Input: The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million , or 12 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million , or 38 cents a share , for the third quarter in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million , compared with a loss of $ 26.5 billion , for the third quarter in 1988 ." , " The publisherof the Boston League reported netof $ 8,5 million , compared with an loss of 38 cents a share , for a third quarter on 1988 ." or " The producer of theBoston Globe announced net of 12 cents a per , compared With a loss in $ 26.5 million for the second quarter in 1987.",'The publisher Of the Boston Daily reported net Of 12 centsa share , comparedWith a loss on 38 centsa per , for for the fourth quarter in 2008 ." )

Input: William O. Taylor , the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" William O. Taylor , the parent 's chief executive officer , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper ." )

Input: Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday newspapers ." , " Mr. Atorino on Salomon brothers said he estimated that TimesMir Co .. 's Earnings were down at the thirdquarter , becauseof soft advertising rates at its Hartford Courant newspapers ." )

Input: New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship N York Times ." , " New York times Co. has expected to Report lower earnings from the thirdquarter because of deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group ." )

Input: Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , said Alan Kassan , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , said Alan Kassan , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton ." , " there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , saidAlan Kassan ? " )

Input: Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue , helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area ." , " Washington Post Corp. is expecting to report improve earnings , primarily because of improved publishing revenue helped byan improved retail Market in theWashington area ." )

Input: The news - weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The news-weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market ." )

Input: Knight - Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News , and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Knight-Ridder Inc. has been faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News ." , " Knight-Rockder Inc. has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter ." )

Input: However , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald and San Jose Mercury News .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald ." , " However , commentators point to Positive Advertising spending atSeveral of its Major daily newspapers , such as San Jose Mercury News ." )

Input: The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight - Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition and circulation was falling , said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight-Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition , said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank ." , " The Miami Market is coming stronger after a tougher couple of year when circulation was falling , saidBruce Thorp )

Input: General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle - making capacity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity ." , " General Motors Inc. , In a Series of moves That angered union Officials in Canada , has signaling that as fewer as fiveNorth American assembly plant may not survived the mid -1990s As the corporation struggling to cut Its excess vehicle -making capacity . )

Input: In announcements to workers late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full - sized van assembly plants , and cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In announcements to workers late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants ." , " In announcements at workers late late last weeks , GM cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories ." )

Input: GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity in place before those talks begin ." , " GM officials wants to get its strategy to reducing the work force in place Before those talks begins ." )

Input: The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information , Mr. Yokich said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability to provide consistent information , Mr. Yokich said ." , " The auto producer 's choice to let product reassignments trickle out into separate communique to the infected plants showed Disarray and An unwillingness to provide consistently information , Mr. Yokch said ." )

Input: That means two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario , and the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That means two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 ." , " That means another plants -- the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably won be shutdown after theend of 1991 . )

Input: The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers and about 2,500 workers in Ohio .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers in Ohio ." , " The government will about 2,500 workers inOhio ." )

Input: Robert White , Canadian Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement and its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert White , Canadian Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement ." , " Robert White , Canadian Auto workers union president , used the ensuing Scarborough shutdown for criticize its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney ." )

Input: But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec ." )

Input: Workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , Oklahoma City and Pontiac , Mich. , were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird and Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird muscle cars ." , " Workers at facilities in Van nuys , California , were given their facilities were no longer considered to building the next Generation of the Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars . , " Workers at plants at plants from Oklahoma City were told its facilities are No longer being consider to build a next generation for the Pontic Firebird Muscle cars ." and " Workers on plants in Oklahoma City are told their properties are no now being considered for build the new generation of their Chevrolet Camar muscle cars ? " , " Workers at facilities at plants of Pontiac , Mich. , are toldTheir facilities areNo longer being considering to build for the next generations of the pontiac Firebirds muscle cars , " , " Employers at plant at plants on Pontiac Michigan . , the facilities are not longer being considers to build in the nextgeneration of the Chevy Camaro Muscle cars ! " )

Input: GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro - Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company and union officials said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company officials said ." , " GM is evaluating whether it Can build the future Camaro -Firebird Profitably ata plant inSt . ThereSE , Quebec , union officials said . )

Input: That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys and Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That announced left union officials in Van Nuys uncertain about their futures ." , " That announcement left union Officials in Oklahoma City uncertain about Their futures ." )

Input: At the Oklahoma City plant , which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight - year - old A - body mid - sized cars , Steve Featherston , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up , and none of us knows when the A - body cars will die .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the Oklahoma City plant , which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight-year-old A-body mid-sized cars , Steve Featherston , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up ." , " At the Kansas City plant , which employs more than 6,500 workers Building the eight -year-OLD A-Body mid-size cars , Steven Featherston , UAW Local vice president , said none of us knows when the A-bar cars will die ." )

Input: Merieux said the government 's minister of industry , science and technology told it that he was n't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both Merieux and Connaught are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both Merieux are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns ." , " Both Connaught are Biotechnology research or vaccine manufacturing concern ." )

Input: He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns , but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns ." , " He says it has eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed ." )

Input: This is n't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before , said Jodi Redmond , press secretary for Harvie Andre , Canada 's minister of industry , science and technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada , but added they hope to have more information early this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Spokesmen for Merieux said they hope to have more information early this week ." , " Spokesman for Connaught said they are hoping to have additional information early these week ." COORDINATIONAL("Spokesmen For Merieaux said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government .",'Spokespers for Merlieux said there had n ' been informed about specific areasof concern by both Investment Canada ." ))

Input: This has become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world - class bio - research or pharmaceutical company , Mr. Mehta said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world-class bio-research company , Mr. Mehta said ." , " This has becoming a very politicalized deal , concerningCanada 's Only large , World-class pharmaceutical company , Mr. Mehta described ." )

Input: While neither side will disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While neither side will disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada ." , " While neither sides will disclose Its contents , Mr. Mehta anticip it to containing more specific assurances on development spending levels on Canada thanMerieux proposed to InvestmentCanada ." )

Input: Some analysts , such as Murray Grossner of Toronto - based Richardson Greenshields Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , such as Switzerland 's Ciba - Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some analysts , such as Murray Grossner of Toronto-based Richardson Greenshields Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , such As Switzerland 's Ciba-Geigy ." , " Some analysts , such asMurray Grossner from Toronto- based Richardson Greenshsields INC . , believes the government ruled leaves the doors open forOther biddERS , suchas Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif." )

Input: Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred - stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock , and added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap ." , " Weatherford international Inc. added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares ." )

Input: Weatherford suspended its preferred - dividend payment in October 1985 and said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million , but will do so some time in the future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stanford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985 ." COORDINATION(" Stanford said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million ." , " Exxon said it will do so some time in the future ." ))

Input: Additionally , the company said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Furthermore , the company said it filed with the Securities Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November ." , " Additionally , the city said it filing with the Exchange Commission for a proposed offerings of 10 thousand shares of basic stock , due to be presented in Nov." )

Input: The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. and Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over - allotments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments ." , " The company says Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were grantedAn option to buying as much than an additional one.5 thousand shares to covering over-Allotments ? " )

Input: Proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Proceeds will be used to eliminate bank debt ." , " Proceeds Will be used for restructure bank debt . )

Input: Analysts said that Merck & Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Warner - Lambert Co. and the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol - Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher - priced medicines that provide wide profit margins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts said that Merck & Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins ." , " Analysts at the Merck Medical Co. All benefited from stronger sales of fairly new , premium-priced medicine that provide wider profit margins . , " Industry said that Eli Lilly & Co. all benefited through strong sales from relatively new , higher- priced medicines that provides wide profit margin .",'Analysts say that Warner-Lambert Co. each benefited fromStrong sales of potentially new , high-priced drugs that provide widespread profit margins ? " , " Analysts said That the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers Squib b Co. only benefited from strongly sales of comparatively new , heightened-priced products that provide broad profit margins " )

Input: Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. were attributed to those companies'older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs ." , " Less robust Earnings at Pfizers Inc. are attributed toThose companies'oldest products , Many of which faces stiffening Competition from other medicines .",'Less robustEarnings at Upjohn Co. were credited to those company'olderproducts , manyof which face toughening competition against generic drugs . , " More robust earnings on Upjohn CO . were associated to those artists'older Products , many Of which face strongening competition in other medicines . )

Input: Joseph Riccardo , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow - growing businesses and instituted other cost savings , such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Joseph Riccardo , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses ." COORDINATION(" Joseph Riccardo , an analyst at Bear , Stearns-Co. )

Input: Analysts said profit for the dozen or so big drug makers , as a group , is estimated to have climbed between 11 % and 14 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck 's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 % , propelled by sales of its line - up of fast - growing prescription drugs , including its anti - cholesterol drug , Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine , Vasotec ; Primaxin , an antibiotic , and Pepcid , an anti - ulcer medication .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the third quarter of 1988 , Merck earned $ 311.8 million , or 79 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter of 1988 , Merck earned $ 311.8 million ." , " In the three quarter of 2008 , Mercks earned 79 cents a share ." )

Input: In last year 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 171.4 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In last year 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 171.4 million ." , " In last week 's three quarter , Eli earned $ 1.20 a share ." )

Input: Several analysts said they expected Warner - Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it reported in the like period last year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Several analysts said they expected Warner-Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million , it reported in the like period last year ." , " Several analysts at their own risk analysis said they expect Warner-Mbert 'S profit also will increase by More than 20 percentage from $ 1.25 a share , it announced in thelike period last week ." )

Input: The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years ." , " The company are praised by executives for shedding numerous companies with low profit margins ." )

Input: Squibb 's profit , estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it earned in the third quarter of 1988 , was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Squibb 's profit , estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , it earned in the third quarter of 1988 , was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease ." , " Squibor 's Profit , estimated from analysts to being about 18%- above the maximum $ 1.25 a share , it earn in the second quarter of 2008 , was a result of particularly strong sales for its Capotonen drugfor treating highblood pressure and Other heart disease . )

Input: Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering - Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % , and Bristol - Meyers 's expected profit increase of about 13 % are largely because those companies are really managed well .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering-Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % are largely because those companies are really managed well ." , " Mr. R Riccardio of Bear stearns says that Bristol-Meyers 's estimated profit increase of about 13 % are mostly because those firms are reallymanaged well ." )

Input: ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million , or 84 cents a share , while Bristol - Myers earned $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , in the like period a year earlier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million , while Bristol-Myers earned $ 232.3 million , in the like period a year earlier ." , " Schering Plough earned a 94 . 4 million , While Bristol- Myers earned 81 cents a share , in a like period A year earlier . , " SterlingPlough earn 84 cents a per , while Tennessee-Mygers earned $ 242.3 billion , in in thelike period a week earlier ." ; " Sterlingplough earned 84 cents to share , while the Bristol-Mers earned 82 cents a seat , in that like period b year earlier , " )

Input: Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs , Feldene for treating arthritis , and Procardia , a heart medicine , have shrunk because of increased competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs , Feldene for treating arthritis , have shrunk because of increased competition ." , " Sales of Procardia , a heart medicine , have shrinking because of increasing competition ." )

Input: In the third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million , or $ 1.29 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million ." , " In the three quarter last Year , Pfizers earned $ 1.29 a share ." )

Input: Analysts said they expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , it earned a year ago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts said they expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million , it earned a year ago ." , " Analysts at the firm said they expect Upjohn.com to beflat or rise from only about two % to four % as Compared with 49 cents a share , it earn a year earlier ." )

Input: Upjohn 's biggest - selling drugs are Xanax , a tranquilizer , and Halcion , a sedative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Upjohn 's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax , a tranquilizer , ." , " Upston 's big-selling drug are Halcion , a sedative ." )

Input: Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines ." , " Sales ofBoth drugs have Been hurt by adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs ." )

Input: Also , the company 's hair - growing drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year , but the company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising , analysts said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , the company 's hair-growing drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year , analysts said ." COORDINATION(" Also , the man 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print campaigns for advertising , analysts say ." , " Also , for the company.s hair -growing drug , Rogaine ) has been reducing by UpJohn 's costly television campaigns for Advertising , analysts says ." ))

Input: Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million , or 12 cents a share , in the year - earlier period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million , in the year-earlier period ." , " Relational Technologies reported net incomes of 12 cents a share , in theyear-earliest period ." )

Input: While our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president ." , " While our domestic operations showed strongly growth , its domestic business were substantially below expectation , saidPaul Newton , chief executive officer ." )

Input: A spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft , and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft ." , " A spokesman says computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales ." )

Input: Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales , and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales , ." , " Mr. Newton said that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned ." )

Input: In the previous quarter , the company earned $ 4.5 million , or 37 cents a share , on sales of $ 47.2 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the previous quarter , the company earned $ 4.5 million , on sales of $ 47.2 million ." , " In the next quarter , The company earned 37 cents a share , on selling of $ 47.2 billion ." )

Input: The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and , of course , the Yankees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and , of course , the Yankees ." )

Input: But Laura Cunningham 's Bronx , her childhood Bronx of the ' 50s , is something else altogether .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a lovely , novelistic memoir , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics and the occasional Catholic -LRB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend , the hell - kitten Diana , age five -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a lovely , novelistic memoir , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics ." , " In a wonderful , novelistically memoir , sleeping Arrangement -LFB- Knapf,195 pages,$ 18 . 95 -RR B- , it remembers an extraordinary playground , Peopled primarily by the occasional Catholic -LRR- real oddballs like her sexpot friend , the hell-kitten Diana , age five -RRF- ." )

Input: Ms. Cunningham , a novelist and playwright , has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ms. Cunningham , a novelist , has a vivid sense of recall ." , " Ms. Cunningham , a novelist , has a dramatically outsized sense of recalling .",'Ms . Sachs , a playwright , has an vivid senseof recall ." and " Ms.unning , a theaterwright , having an dramatically outsizing sense of recalled ." )

Input: She transforms her Bronx of the emotions , a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx , a world simmering with sex and death and intrigue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She transforms her Bronx of the emotions , a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx , a world simmering with sex ." , " She transforms its Bronx of what the emotions )

Input: In the Babylonian Bronx , Jewish working - class people lived in drab , Soviet - style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB- , whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks , friezes of Pompeii .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharp - witted and funny but never mean , she 's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote , if he 'd been Jewish and female and less bitchy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rosie reinvented this man , who may or may not have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie reinvented this man , who may have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit ." , " Rosie redeveloped this men , who should not have known About his child , as a battle hero for Lilly'sbenefit ." )

Input: Rosie died young and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie died young ." , " Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets ." )

Input: The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards , but Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards ." , " Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure ." )

Input: Without official knowledge of sex or death , we flirted with both , she writes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Without official knowledge of sex , we flirted with both , she writes ." , " Without official awareness of death , we Flirted withBoth , she write ." )

Input: Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept that because her own arrangements kept shifting ." , " Maybe Lily grew so obsessed about how because its own arrangements keep shifting ." )

Input: When Rosie died , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When Rosie died , her uncles moved in ." , " When Rosies died , their uncles let her make other household arrangements ." )

Input: They painted the apartment orange , pink and white , according to her instructions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They painted the apartment orange , according to her instructions ." , " They paint the apartment pink , according To her instructions . , " They painted the apartments white , according to Her instructions ." )

Input: With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe , an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Uncle Len , a mysterious part - time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , like an undercover President on a good - will mission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe , an Orthodox Jew -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ." , " With loving details she recalls Uncle Len , a mysterious part-time investigator who looked like Lincoln ." COORDINATION(" Withloving detail she remembers her Uncle Teddy , an English Jew -NOM- who carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , like an undercover President on a good-will mission .",'With lovingdetail she recalls Her Uncle Teddy , an English song lyricist -L RB- who sang river with heart in a Love song -RB- . ))

Input: Lily 's grandmother , no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album , and lugged around her perennial work - in - progress , Philosophy for Women .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lily 's grandmother , no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album ." , " Lilly 's grandma , nocookie baker , lugged around her perennial work-in-progress , Philosophy for Women ." )

Input: The book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys ." , " The book less with her delightfully weird family ." )

Input: But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped and static .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But both the past worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped ." , " But both The Current climate -LFB- Atlantic monthly Press , 400 pages,$ 18 . 95 -RRF- feel static ." )

Input: Harry is now a 57 - year - old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems quaintly out - of - synch .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry is now a 57-year-old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood seems quaintly out-of-synch ." , " Harry is also a 57 -year- old writer , whose continuing flirtations with drugs or marginal type in New York seems quaintiously out- of-synching ." )

Input: Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug - seeking forays into Manhattan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan ." , " Harry has avoiding all that from living in the Long Island suburbs with his husband , who ... s soadd to mystery novels she barely hardly seems to notices when her wife disappears fordrug-seeking from Manhattan ." )

Input: But it does n't take too many lines to figure Harry out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 21 - square - mile area is contaminated with lead , zinc and other metals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 21-square-mile area is contaminated with lead ." , " The 22-square -mile area includes contaminated with zinc .",'The 21 -square- mile area is infected with other metals ." )

Input: The company , which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third - quarter statement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company , which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements ." , " The company , which issued an statement onthe agreement late Saturday , said today that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement ." )

Input: The agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agreement are subject to court approval , the company said ." , " The consent decree are subjectto court approval , the company says ." )

Input: Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the Superfund law .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many of the nation 's highest - ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of the nation 's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators ." , " Several of the country 's higher-ranking executive saluted Saturday 's Market plunge as An overdue comeupance for takeover players ." )

Input: Assuming that the market does n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy - out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Assuming that the market does n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out frenzy of recent years may be abating ." , " Assuming thatthe market does n't head toward a bottomLESS free fall , some executives thinks Friday 'S action could proved a harbter of good good news-as a signal that the takeover frenzy of late years may being abating . )

Input: The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies and millions off their personal fortunes ." )

Input: I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 ." , " I 's not going on worry about One day 'S decline , say Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Inc. president , who wasisurely stroller through the yellow leaves ofthe mountains hereafter his company.s shares plummeted $ 5.75 to closed at $ 84.50 . )

Input: The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The fact that this happened two years ago gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem ." , " A fact that there was a recovery gives people an comfort that This wo nt be a difficult ." )

Input: Of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators ." , " Of course , established corporate managementements often tends to applaud what setbacks of takeover artists ." )

Input: Indeed , one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Indeed , one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines ." , " Indeed , an chief executive whose was downright thrilled by Friday " Indeed , one president who was absolutely delighted by Saturday 's event was RobertCrandall , chairman of AmR Corp. , the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump ." )

Input: Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall smiled broadly and said : No comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall smiled broadly ." , " Asked whether Saturday 's Action could help he avoid being Donalded by The New York Real estate magnor , Mr. CrandALL said : No comment ." )

Input: Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years , and in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business council ." , " In both instances the declines are too moderate to Warrant the phrase Recession , saidLewis Preston , chief of J.P.Morgan & Co. and vice president of the business Council ." )

Input: The real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market ." , " The real housing is also adversely affecting the cities 's Retail real estate markets ." )

Input: In Manhattan , once - desirable store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Manhattan , once-desirable store sites sit vacant ." , " In Manhattan , newly constructed space has been slow to fill ." )

Input: Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy , turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy ." , " Retail realestate brokers say rents are reluctant at sign leases Because of turmoil in their own industries .",'Retail real Estate brokers say renters are reluctant toward sign leasesBecause of a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom ." )

Input: A handful of hot retail locations , such as the 57th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A handful of hot retail locations , such as the 57th Street areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents ." , " A handful Of hot retail Stores , such such as The Fifth Avenue areas , having been able can sustain what they see as excessive rents ." )

Input: And , in some neighborhoods , rents have merely hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But on average , Manhattan retail rents have dropped 10 % to 15 % in the past six months alone , experts say .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As businesses contract or depart , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As businesses contract , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc." , " As businesses depart , the numbers of employees whose might use Retail services shrifies , saysEdward A. Foley , senior Vice president ofHelmsley spear Inc." )

Input: He says financial problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says financial problems plaguing electronics companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market ." , " He says Financial problems plagued fur companies --key categories inthe local retail industry -- have more deflatedthe market ." or " He Says financial problems resulting from furniture companies-key category in thelocal retail economy ... have further inflated the market . )

Input: In these locations , Mr. Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In these locations , Mr. Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady ." , " In These locations , Mr. Friedman Says , Retail retailers are increasingly prudent about expanding or rents in some cases have declined ." )

Input: It is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is also no comfort to landlords when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt ." , " It is not no comfort whatsoever to small New York retailers when the futures of larger company stores , who anchor retail houses , are In doubt ." )

Input: Hooker Corp. , parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman 's , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings and Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hooker Corp. , parent of Bonwit Teller , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings ." , " Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp." COORDINATION(" Hooker Corp. , parent of B. Altman 's , is aired in bankrupt proceedings ." ))

Input: But , despite the recent softening , for many of these retailers there 's still been too big a jump from the rental rates of the late 1970s , when their leases were signed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot , and $ 250 is not uncommon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" rents of up to $ 500 a square foot ." , " rents of $ 250 is not uncommon ." COORDINATION(" Madison Avenues can command rents of Up to $ 250 a square feet .",'Fifth Avenues are command rents from up to a squarefoot ." ))

Input: By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston rarely top $ 100 a square foot ." , " By contrasted , rentals on the best shopping locations in San Francisco rarely top$ 100 asquare foot ." and " By contrast , rentals inthe best retail Stores in Chicago rarely top a squarefoot ." )

Input: And rents on Beverly Hills'Rodeo Drive generally do n't exceed about $ 125 a square foot .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It makes investment castings and has traded over - the - counter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It makes investment castings ." , " It has traded over-the-counter ." )

Input: This role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal and moderate allies , Justices Thurgood Marshall , Harry Blackmun and John Stevens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal allies , Justices Thurgood Marshall ." , " This role revers holds true , as well , for histhree liberal allies , Justices Harry Blackmun .",'This role reverse holds true . as well   for his two liberal allies : Justices John Stevens ." , , " These role reversal holding true , As well , for his three moderate allies , Justice Thurgid Marshall ." COORDINATION(" Thisrole reversal holdstrue , aswell , for the three liberal supporters , Justicing Thurgous Marshall ." )) )

Input: But are these four players , three of them in their 80s , ready to assume a different role after 88 years , collectively , of service on the high court ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , and the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , ." , " Every indicator is that they are preparing to accept the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways ." )

Input: Justices Brennan and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justices Brennan appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall appear fighting mad ." , " Justices Bren appear philosophical over it ; justices Blackmun appear fighting Mad .",'Justices Stevens appear philosophical under it ; Justices Marshall are fighting mad . , " justices Stevens appearing philosophical about It ; JustICES Blackmun look fighting mad ? " )

Input: But always , in years past , they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But always , in years past , they have bucked the trend ." COORDINATION(" But sometimes , in Years past , we have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights cases ." , " But always ? " ))

Input: But Justice Brennan foresaw his new role , strongly defending the importance of dissents in a 1985 speech .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions , he said ." , " Every time the justices returns anissue , the justice will be compelled by a diss to rethink the result , he says ." )

Input: Associates of 81 - year - old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court 's direction last spring , but is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court 's cutbacks in civil rights .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Attociates of 81-year-old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court 's direction last spring ." COORDINATION(" Associants of 81 -year- old Justice Marshall are feisty about his role ." , " Associates Of 81- year-old Social Marshall are determined to speak out against the court.s cutbacks in civil rights ." ))

Input: We could sweep it under the rug and hide it , but I 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month ." COORDINATION(" We could sweep it under the rug , he at a speech first month ." , " We could hide it , him said in the speech lastmonth ." ))

Input: Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brennan are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says ." , " Marshall are Speaking in their Dissents to A more distant futures , he writes ." )

Input: Friends and associates who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friends who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years ." , " associates who sawJustice Blackmun in the summer say he was No more discouraged About the courtthan in recent times ." )

Input: And his outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his level of frustration showed in a recent , impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He concluded his remarks by quoting , emotionally and at some length , according to those present , the late Martin Luther King 's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He concluded his remarks by quoting at some length , according to those present , the late Martin Luther King 's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington ." )

Input: Justice Stevens , 69 , is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justice Stevens , 69 , is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four and also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others ." )

Input: The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited , says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School , but the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited ." , " the dissenters today are defending a tradition that they created ." )

Input: The government sold the deposits of four savings - and - loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts , but low bids prevented the sale of a fifth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts ." , " low bids prevented the sale of a fifth ." )

Input: Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas and Florida .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas ." , " Two ofthe four big Thrifts were sell to NC NB Corp. ) Charlotte , n. C. , which had aggressively expanded Its markets , especially in Florida ." )

Input: Under these deals , the RTC sells just the deposits and the healthy assets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under these deals , the RTC sells just the deposits ." , " Under these days , the LTC sells the healthy assets ." )

Input: Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits and branch systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Acadians paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting ." , " Acadists paid premiums varying from 1.5 % from 3.6 % forthe branch systems , broadly in line With what analysts are expecting ." )

Input: But it 's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps .
Prediction: NONE

Input: NCNB , for example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market , and in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NCNB , for example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market ." , " in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities ." )

Input: The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines , but the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines ." , " the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency ." )

Input: NCNB continued its foray into the Florida and Texas markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NATIONAL continued its foray into the Florida markets ." , " NNL continued its entry into the Texas markets ." )

Input: It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets , and receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets ." , " It will additionally receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC ." )

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission : " , " The following Issues were recently reported with the Exchange Commission : ' )

Input: Limited Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities and warrants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Limited Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities ." , " Limited Inc. , offering a higher amount of debt warrants ." )

Input: Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , John Nuveen & Co. , Prudential - Bache Capital Funding , and Bateman Eichler , Hill Richards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc .." , " NuveEN California Performance plus Municipal Fund INC . , initially offering offive million common share , via John Nuve En & Co .." ." NuVeen California performance Plus Municipal fund Inc. , initial offering for five millionCommon shares , including Prudential-Bache Capital Funding .",'Nuveene California PerformancePlus Municipal Fund II . , early offering of three million common Shares , via Bateman Eichler , Hill Richards ." )

Input: PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare and 800,000 shares by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- PacifiCare 's 71 % -RRB- , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION("PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc .." , " PacifiHealth Systems Inc. , proposed offerings of 1,5 million popular shares , Of which 700.000 shares from PacifiWare , via Goldman , Sachs & Co.",'Pacificare Health Systems INC . , suggested offering of 2.5 thousand common shares ) of which 800,000 copies by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- Pacifi Carey 's 71 % -RRB- , via Dean Witter Reynolds Inc." )

Input: Pricor Inc. , offering of one million new shares of common stock and 300,000 shares by holders , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and J.C. Bradford & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pricor Inc. , offering of one million new shares of common stock , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .." , " PricOR Inc. : offering of One million new Shares of common Stock , via J.C. Bradford & Co.",'Pricorr Inc. )

Input: Time magazine , in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine , in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways ." )

Input: In an announcement to its staff last week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de - emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000 , to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an announcement to its staff last week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ." , " In an Announcement to its Staff last week , executives atTime Warner Inc. 's annual magazine say Time will drastically cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000 , to four million ." ." In An announcement to Its staff last weeks , executives from Time Warner INC . 'S weekly magazine described Time will significantly increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55 ." )

Input: Time is following the course of some other mass - circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , and expensive , circulations is the way to draw advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , circulations is the way to draw advertisers ." , " Time is Following the courseof some other Mass-circulatory magazines that In recent years are challenged the producing myth that sustaining artificially expensive , circulators is the place to draw viewers ." )

Input: In recent years , Reader 's Digest , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , and most recently News Corp. 's TV Guide , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent years , Reader 's Digest , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation for advertisers ." , " In recent times , Readers 's Readers Digest , having cut their enormous circulation rates bases to hold down rates for advertisers . , " Most recently , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , have Cut their massive distribution rate bases in order to eliminating marginal circulation .",'Most recent , News Corp. 'S TV Guide , have reduced their massive production rate bases of order by advertisers ." )

Input: Deep discounts in subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper - competitive world of magazine news - weeklies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Deep discounts in subscriptions have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper-competitive world of magazine news-weeklies ." COORDINATION(" offers of free clock radios have become accept forms of welcoming new subscribers In the hyper -competitive worldof magazine news -weeklies . , " offers offree clock watches have become accepting forms of attract new subscribers from the hyper.-competitive World of magazine News-weekly ." ))

Input: But Time , as part of the more cost - conscious Time Warner , wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength and actually a benefit to advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength ." , " Time magazine officials predictably paintthe circulation cut actually a benefit to advertisers ." )

Input: What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and do n't really read it , said Mr. Heinemann .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine , said Mr. Heinemann ." , " What we is doing is screen out the Readers who do n't really read it , saidMr . Herimann ." )

Input: We are trying to create quality and involvement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We are trying to create quality ." , " We are Trying to create involvement ." )

Input: And Time 's paid circulation , according to Audit Bureau of Circulations , dropped 7.3 % to 4,393,237 in the six months ended June 30 , 1989 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber , or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber have been stripped away ." , " Mr. Sheinemann added the changes constitute a new focusing in the magazines industry : the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts have been strip away ." COORDINATION(" Mr. HeinemANN said the change represent a New focus inthe magazine industry : the cost of premiums have been stripping away ." )) )

Input: Time 's rivals news - weeklies , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report , are less reliant on electronic giveaways , and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time 's rivals news-weeklies , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek , are less reliant on electronic giveaways ." , " in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases ." COORDINATIONAL

Input: Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for 1990 within a month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates for 1990 within a month ." , " Both magazinesare expected to announcing their circulation levels for 1989 within a few ." )

Input: It is bigger , faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks ." )

Input: But for all its success , CNN has hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CNN executives worry that the network 's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale and wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable - TV .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN executives worry that the network 's punchy news format may be getting stale ." , " CNN executives fear that the networks wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for information on cable-TV ." COORDINATIONAL("CNN executives concern that the show 's repetitive news format might be getting boring ." ))

Input: Just the fact we 're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin , says Ed Turner , CNN 's executive vice president , news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So CNN , a unit of Atlanta - based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel , or what people in the television industry call a top of mind network .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So CNN , a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel ." , " SoCNN , a units ofAtlanta-based TV system Inc. )

Input: The show will be co - anchored by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier , a 34 - year - old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The show will be co-anchored by Bernard Shaw , a 34-year-old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism ." , " The shows will be pre-anchoring by Bernard Crier , a 44-year -old formerTexas judge and college beauty queens who has always held a role in television and journalism ." )

Input: To distinguish itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global - news program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To distinguish itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage ." , " To differentiate itself , CNN is also adding a second global-news program ." )

Input: It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure experienced staffers ." , " It is charging higher salaries-after years after scrimping ... to keep experienced staffers . )

Input: And it is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large investigative - reporting team .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that wo n't be easy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs that viewers will tune in specially to see ." , " It also taking money thatCNN has been unwilling to spend on hire talent that viewers would tune inpecially to see . )

Input: And the cable - TV operators -- CNN 's distributors and part owners -- like things just the way they are .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And the cable-TV operators -- CNN 's distributors -- like things just the way they are ." , " And the television operators --CNN 's part owners -- like Things just the Way they are ? " )

Input: The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership -- and what may happen to it as the cable - TV news market grows more competitive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership ." , " The repulsive bid is targeted at what may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive ." )

Input: Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future ." , " Already , CNN is facing strong competition from financial News Network INC . and general Electric Co. 's Business Channel , respectively of which were likely to pursuing more general News in the past ." )

Input: In addition , many cable - TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs produced by local broadcast stations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Its watchers are , on the whole , a disloyal group of channel - zapping grazers and news junkies , who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its watchers are , on the whole , a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers and news junkies , who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research ." )

Input: The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , and advertising , become more important to cable - TV channels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , become more important to cable-TV channels ." , " The brief interest viewers giveCNN could put the disadvantage as advertising , become More important to television channels ." )

Input: It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker than other networks ." , " It focused at building up Its news bUREaus aroundthe world , by as events taken place it can go live longer than other network ." )

Input: It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak , Daywatch , Newsday , and Newsnight , but the shows varied little in content , personality or look .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" the shows varied little in content ." , " the shows varying little in personality .",'the shows ranged little in look ." COORDINATION(" It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak ." , " ' It filled Its daily schedule containing newscasters called Daywatch ." , " It filledIts daily schedule With newscenders called Newsday ." , " # It filled the daily schedule for newsculations called Newsnight ." ))

Input: And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry King Live and Crossfire talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry King Live talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in ." , " And it are exploring otherOriginal programs , akin to its Crossfire talk shows , which executives hopes will keep everybody tuned in . )

Input: Then there 's The World Today , the prime - time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then there 's The World Today , the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw ." , " Then there ... is The World today , a prime-Time newscasting featuring Ms. Crier ." )

Input: But 70 % of the cable - television - equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. , the network discovered , so CNN wants in .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , says Reuven Frank , the former two - time president of NBC News and creator of the Huntley - Brinkley Report .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , says Reuven Frank , the former two-time president of NBC News and creator of the Huntley-Brinkley Report ." )

Input: CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % , but they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % ." , " they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks ." )

Input: But to improve , they 've really got to make the investment in people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Pennzoil\/Texaco litigation , the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the Pennzoil\/Texaco litigation , the courts found Pennsylvaniazoil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be Bound ." , " In thePennzoil & Texaco lawsuits , the judges found Getty Oil intended to being bound ; In ArcadianPhosphates we found there from no intention of be bound ." )

Input: But the outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the facts , as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits , were different .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting ." , " WHEN you suggest Otherwise , you enter the orbit of speculation ." )

Input: The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received ." , " The Community Investmentment Act mandates loan associations to lent money in amount related to locations where deposits were received ." )

Input: Terms were n't disclosed , but Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Terms were n't disclosed ." COORDINATION(" Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain ." , " Valley Federal having said it expect to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually ." ))

Input: Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches ." , " Valley Federal at Friday that its considering whether not to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements ." )

Input: Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers ." , " Lawyers for dozens more insolvent Savings associations are Trying a New tack in Their efforts todefuse suits submitted by developers .",'Lawyers for Dozens of insolven savings association are trying new tack In their efforts at defuse suit filed by creditors ." , , " Lawyers from dozens of bankruptcy loan associations are looking a new approach in their effort to defus suits filed through borrowers ." )

Input: The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits , numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone , should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits , numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone , should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments ." , " The thrift'lawyers claims that the suit , numbering 400 to 1,000 inTexas alone , must be dismissed from moot because Neither the S & Ls Nor the extinct National Loan Insurance Corp. has the Money to Pay judgments ." )

Input: Still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion , and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion ." COORDINately , the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas where the defense is permitted under state law ." , " Still , the attorneys have renewed Their arguments in eight other states where the Defense is permitted over state law . ))

Input: The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 73 million last year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas ." , " The dismissal Of the pending suit could goa long way towards reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 73 million last year ." )

Input: Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including FSLIC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sunbelt argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including FSLIC ." , " the FSLic argued to The Fifth U.S. circuit Court of appeals that there won never be Any assets with whom to satisfy an judgment againstSunbelt Savings Nor any means of collect from Any other party , including F SLIC ." )

Input: But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the court sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas ." COORDINATION(" Butthe court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt ." , " But the school said it lacks enough financial Information about the FSLIC ." ))

Input: But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group , the developer of Valley Ranch , dismisses such arguments as a defense du jour .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 'd take the Valley Ranch free as a booby prize ." , " We ' D take the valley Ranch clear as a boooby prize ? " )

Input: Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home , but has found the commute too difficult to continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Thygerson said he has found the commute too difficult to continue ." COORDINATION(" Mr. Thygerton said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver ." , " Mr. Lygerson added he had planning to travel across his San Diego home ." ))

Input: SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC 's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC 's Sisulu ." , " SOUTH BAYA FREED seven other political prisoners ." )

Input: But his release within the next few months is widely expected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots , and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Strikes and mismanagement were cited , and Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures ." COORDINATION(" Strikes were cited ." , " mismanagement were citing ." ))

Input: Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape and incest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape ." , " Bush indicated at a bill that allow federal Funding of abortions against poor women whose are v solicitims of incest ." )

Input: He reiterated his opposition to such funding , but expressed hope of a compromise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He reiterated his opposition to such funding ." , " He expressed hope of a compromise ." )

Input: South Korea 's President Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five - day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Roh , who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow and is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Roh , who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow ." , " Roh , which is facing call for the reduced of U.-S. Military forces inSouth Korea , are to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday ." )

Input: China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti - party elements and wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters ." COORDINATIONAL("China 's Party voted to remove the party from hostile elements ." , " China 'S Communist leadership voting to purge its party of anti-party elements ." ))

Input: Zaire 's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zaire 's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war ." , " Zaires 's president Mobutus met in Southern France with a senior U.S. envoy in a bidding to revivean accord to ending Angola 'S civil war . )

Input: The decision is the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. Posner that began in August .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One week later , Leonard H. Roberts , president and chief executive officer of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One week later , Leonard H. Roberts , president of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner ." , " One week Later , Leon H.Roberts , chief executive officer of Arie 's International , was terminated in a disputes with Mr. Posner . )

Input: The franchisees , owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby 's system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The franchisees of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby.s by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby , 's system ." , " The owners of 1,000 of a 1 , 900 franchised arby 'S in the United . S. , said : We have conclude that continued controlling of Arie 's by Hugo Posner Is totally unacceptable at us , where it is very likely to causing irreparable damages to the arby , 's system ." or " The operators of 1 3000 of an 1,450 franchised ARby ' 's in the u. S.- , said , We have concluding that continued takeover of Arrial 's from Victor Posfer is totally acceptable to us , because it are extremely likely not to cause catastrophic damage to any Arby ... s system . )

Input: We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc .." , " We support only efforts to removing Victor Posners from control over the Arby.s system ." )

Input: The group said it would consider , among other things , withholding royalty payments and initiating a class - action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Florida , Renee Mottram , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : We do n't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self - serving motives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Florida , Renee Mottram , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : We do n't think any individual should disrupt a winning system ." , " In Florida , ReneeMottram , a senior Vice president atDWG , responding : We Do n't consider any individual or group should illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives ." )

Input: September 's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists , and the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" September 's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists ." , " the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday ." )

Input: That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August , and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August ." , " That rise suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy ." )

Input: But economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself , but what is even worse is that excluding food and energy , the producer price index still increased by 0.7 % , said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself , said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers ." COORDINATION(" what is even worse is that excluding food , the producer price index still increased by 0.7 % , saidGordon Richards , an economist at The National Association Of Manufacturers . , " what is especially worse is the that excluding energy , the producers price index Still increased by 3.7 . , said Susan Richards , An economist atThe National Associationof Manufacturers " ))

Input: But Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices and the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices for most of the September jump ." , " But Sung won Sohn , chief economist of Norwest Inc. inneapolis , blamed the annual autumn increase in car prices for more of theSeptember jump ." )

Input: Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index , but the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index ." , " the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated ." )

Input: But Dirk Van Dongen , president of the National Association of Wholesaler - Distributors , said that last month 's rise is n't as bad an omen as the 0.9 % figure suggests .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If you examine the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad - based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods , he explained .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If you examine the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer goods , he explained ." , " If you examination the data deliberately , the increases is concentrated on energy and Motor vehicle prices , rather than be a broad -based advance on the prices for industrial goods , it explained ." )

Input: Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September , after climbing 0.5 % in August and declining in the late spring and summer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September , after climbing 0.5 % in August ." COORDINATION(" passenger car prices jump 3 . 8 % inSeptember , after declining in the late spring ." , " passenger car Prices jumped 3.8 % on September , before declining in summer ." ))

Input: But at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices , analysts said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices for crude goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices for crude goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August ." , " Prices forude goods , An array of Raw materials , climbed 1 . 1 % after edging up 0.2 % in July ." )

Input: Here are the Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment , and the percentage changes from September , 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here are the Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment ." , " Here are a percentage changes from September , 1988 ." )

Input: In the year - earlier period , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 , but no per - share earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 and no per-share earnings ." )

Input: CityFed 's president and chief executive officer , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" City Fed 's president , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors ." , " CityFed 's chief executive officer , JohnAtherton , said the losses stems fromSeveral factors ." )

Input: He said nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 700 million from $ 516 million between June and September .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Accordingly , CityFed estimated that it will provide between $ 85 million and $ 110 million for credit losses in the third quarter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida ." )

Input: CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida and , as a result , is taking a charge for discontinued operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and , as a result , is taking a charge for discontinued operations ." , " CityFedAlso said it plans to shed Its remaining mortgage Loan origination activities outside its main markets in Florida and , as a result , is taking the charge for continuing operations ." )

Input: He added , however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves , the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a statement , Miami - based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses and apparent losses in its junk - bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement , Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends ." , " In a statements , Miami -based CENTrust said they cited apparent losses in Its junk-court portfolio in order the suspensionof the dividends . )

Input: David L. Paul , chairman and chief executive officer , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was inappropriate and based on insufficient reasons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" David L. Paul , chairman , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was inappropriate for insufficient reasons ." , " David L. Paul , Chairman , called the federal office of Thrifts Supervision , which issued a directive , Saying it was based on insufficient reasons ? " , " David L.Paul , chief executive officer , criticized The federal Office Of ThriftSupervision , whose issued the directives , saying they was inappropriate .",'David L.- Paul , chief Executive officer , called for the federal Organization of Thrifted Supervision . which issued an directive , citing it wasbased on insufficient reason ." )

Input: In March , regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution , largely because of its big junk - bond holdings and its operating losses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In March , regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution , largely because of its big junk-bond holdings ." , " In March , regulators labeled CitTrust a troubling institution , partly because of the operating losses ." )

Input: Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities Commission ." , " Mr. Paul said only around $ 150 thousand of the present holdings aretradeable securitiesregistered with the Exchange Commission ." )

Input: The remainder , he said , are commercial loan participations , or private placements , that are n't filed with the SEC and do n't have a ready market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The remainder , he said , are commercial loan participations , or private placements , that are n't filed with the SEC ." , " The remaining , he says , are Commercial Loan participations , or private placement , that do n't have a ready market ." )

Input: CenTrust and regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CitTrust have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds ." , " regulators have been involved in a disputes over market valuation for the Junk bonds ." )

Input: The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings , but CenTrust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings ." COORDINATION(" Cen Trust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds ." , " Centrust has said they ca nt easily obtain Such values becauseof lack of a ready market ." ))

Input: Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's and other thrifts'junk - bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation ." , " Regulators are become increasingly anty about AenTrust , junk- bond holdings In light of what the recent deep decline in the junk-court market .",'Regulators Have become increasingly Anty about other thrifts'junk-Bond holdingsIn light of a recent national thrift bail legislation ." )

Input: In a statement Friday , Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses and apparent junk - bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement Friday , Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank ." , " In a statements Friday , Mr. Paul challenges the regulators . decision , Saying the thrifts 's apparent junk-bond losses have be substantially offset from gains inOther activities ofthe bank ." )

Input: Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now ." )

Input: Branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Branches can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution ." , " deposits can be sell at a higher in theevent federal regulators Take over an institutions ." )

Input: CenTrust , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 150 million and reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CenTrust , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 150 million ." , " CENTrust , However , taunts the branch sales , Saying it would reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion ." )

Input: It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million , or about 1.2 % of assets , from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million , from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards ." , " It said The sale would giving it positive real capital of about 1.2 % of assets , from the negative $ 34 million asof Sept. thirty , thus allowing Centrust close to compliance standards ." )

Input: Critics , however , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits and junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Critics , however , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits ." , " Critics , However , say that the branch sell will make CitTrust more depend than ever upon junk bonds ." )

Input: The thrift is also working to unload its junk - bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds , and it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds ." , " it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law ." )

Input: But perhaps even more remarkable , the three - hour - show , Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- , regularly wins the top slot in the country 's TV ratings , sometimes drawing as many as 50 % of West German households .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the 1992 economic integration approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism , threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas , Miami Vice and L.A. Law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As the 1992 economic integration approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism , threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas ." , " As the 1991 economic integration approach , Europe.s cultural Curators have take to the rampsarts againstAmerican cultural imperialism , threatening to imposing quotas against those pop invaders such as Miami Vice .",'As the 1993 economic integration styles , Europe ' .s culturalcurators have took to the Ramparts against America cultural imperialism . threatening to imposes quotas against any pop invaders including L.A. Law ." )

Input: But much of what the Europeans want to protect seems every bit as cheesy as what they are trying to keep out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe ." , " The most violent opposition toAmerican TV imports Has come from France movie producers , whom have demanded quota ensuring that A full 60  of Europe ." )

Input: A glance through the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A glance through the television listings suggest one reason why ." , " a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reasons why ." )

Input: While there are some popular action and drama series , few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While there are some popular action series , few boast the high culture that they might expect ." , " While there were some popular entertainment series , many boast the classy production values one might expect ? " , " While there are several popular drama series , fewer boast the High culture one might enjoy .",'While there have some popular drama Series , few boasts the classy Production values one would expect ." )

Input: More European air time is filled with low - budget game shows , variety hours , movies and talk shows , many of which are authorized knock - offs of their American counterparts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows , many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts ." , " More European Air time is packed with variety hours , many from which are authorization knock-off of theirAmerican counterparts ." COORDINATION(" More Western air time Is filled with movies , many against which areauthorized knock-downs of their Americans counterparts ." )) )

Input: Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans - Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying their combined weight in potato pancakes ." , " Mr. Burt nevertheless paid the penalties as if they had lost , agreeing to spent a day at West German foreign Minister Hans -DietRich Genschers selling their combined Weight in potato panc ." )

Input: European programs usually target only their own local audience , and often only a small portion of that .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" European programs usually target only their own local audience ." , " European programs often only a small portion of that ." )

Input: Mega - hits in Germany or Italy rarely make it even to France or Great Britain , and almost never show up on U.S. screens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mega-hits in Germany often almost never show up on U.S. screens ." , " Mega-Hits in Italy rarely show up in U.s . screens . , " Mega-hacks in Italy often make it even to Great Britain ." COORDINATION(" mega-hit in Germany rarely make it only to France ." )) )

Input: For the most part , what 's made here stays here , and for good reason .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For the most part , what 's made here stays here ." , " for good reason ." )

Input: There is , for instance , One Man and His Dog , a herding contest among sheep dogs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is , for instance , One Man , a herding contest among sheep dogs ." , " There Is , for instances , His Dog , a Herding contest between sheep dogs . )

Input: Also riveting to the British are hours of dart - throwing championships , even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also riveted to the British are hours of dart-throwing championships ." , " Also riveting to the American are even more hours of lawn bowling contests .",'Also rivening to theBritish are still more hours on snooker marathons ." )

Input: A French knock - off of Dallas , called Chateauvallon and set in a French vineyard , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real - life auto accident .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A French knock-off of Dallas , called Chateauvallon , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident ." , " A French knocked-offof Dallas , set in a French vineyard , hada good run on France , where ended after a female lead were injured in an real- life auto crash ." )

Input: Schwarzwaldklinik , -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa , is popular in Germany , and has spread into France .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Schwarzwaldklinik , -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa , is popular in Germany ." , " Schwarzfeldklinika ,-LRB-Black Forest clinic -RR B- , the kind of European St. Elsewhere set into a health Spa , has spread into France ." )

Input: Italy 's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra , or The Octopus , which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Italy 's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra , which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia ." , " Italy 'S most popular Series is a Drama called The Octopus , which historians the fight against an idealistically young investigator on PalerMo against the mafia ." )

Input: But frequently there is n't much choice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 've basically got to start from scratch , to train writers and producers to make shows that other people will want to see , concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 've basically got to start from scratch , to train writers to make shows that other people will want to see , concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School ." , " We 's basically got a starting from scratch , to train producers to make show that other person will want a see , says Colin Young , head ofBritain 's national Film Theatre school ." )

Input: Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time ." COORDINATION(" Until Recently , national authorities in Europe allowed little advertising ." , " Until recently , national governments on Europe allowed no advertising ." ))

Input: Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most American programs are .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad , as most American programs are ." , " Since production expenses were guarantees , it was n't mattered that a programs could nt be put into syndication , as more American programsare ." )

Input: But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap - to - make talk and game shows , while discouraging expensive - to - produce dramas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk shows , while discouraging expensive- to-produce dramas ." , " But not little money was earned on the show , either , a situation which encouraged cheap -to-making game shows , While discouraging expensive -to -produce drama ." )

Input: Now , however , commercial channels are coming to most European countries , and at the same time , satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now , however , commercial channels are coming to most European countries ." COORDINATION(" Now , however , at the same time , satellite technology is spreading rapidly ." , " Now , therefore , cable technology is spread rapidly ." ))

Input: The result is a new and huge appetite for programming .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The result is a new appetite for programming ." , " The result consists of a huge appetite to programming ." )

Input: But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S .." , " But perhaps on the constation of Those calling for quota , most from this void has likely to been filled with most plentiful programming now offered -- rerun -- usuallyof shows made here . )

Input: Lisa Grishaw - Mueller in Bonn , Laura Colby in Milan , Tim Carrington in London and Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to this article .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article ." , " Laura Colby in Milan contributed to This article ." COORDINATION(" Tim Carrington in London contributed to the article ." ." Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to these article ." ))

Input: British Aerospace PLC and France 's Thomson - CSF S.A. said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided - missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" British Aerospace PLC said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors ." , " France 's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they were nearing an Agreement to merge Their guided-Missile divisions , greatly expanding cooperation between the pair defense contractors . )

Input: The 50 - 50 joint venture , which may be dubbed Eurodynamics , would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world 's largest missile makers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After two years of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French and British government clearance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After two years of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek British government clearance ." )

Input: The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies , and help make them a leading force in European defense contracting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies ." , " The venture will help make them a leading force in European defense contracting ." )

Input: In recent months , a string of cross - border mergers and joint ventures have reshaped the once - balkanized world of European arms manufacture .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months , a string of cross-border mergers have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture ." , " In recent times , A string of joint ventures have reshaping the once -balkaned world of Europe arms manufacture . )

Input: Already , British Aerospace and French government - controlled Thomson - CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air - traffic control radar system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already , British Aerospace collaborate on a British missile contract ." , " Already , Britain Aerospace cooperate on an air-traffic control radar system .",'Already , the French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on the British missile contracts ." , " # Already , France government- controlled Thomson-SCF collaborate in the air-Traffic control radio system ." )

Input: The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry ." , " The sudden Romance of British aerospace and Thomson -CSFs -- traditionally sweet competitors for Third World weapons contracts ... is stirring excitement in Western European 's Defense industry ." )

Input: Most threatened by closer British Aerospace - Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France and Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most threatening by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France ." , " Most threatened by closerBritish Aerospace- Thomson links would be Their respective national enemies , including Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC ." )

Input: But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday , a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Yesterday , a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace ." , " Yesterday , an source close on GEC reinforced that its company mayjoin the FerRANTi fight , as part from a possible Consortium that would b bid against Thomson-CSF ." )

Input: Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra , Britain 's Dowty Group PLC , West Germany 's Daimler - Benz AG , and France 's Dassault group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra ." , " Companies with whom Gec has had discussions about a potential joint FerRANTi bid includes Britain 's Dowty Group PLC.",'Companies with that GEC have had talks of a possible possible jointFerranti bidding include West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG ." , " # Companies with when GEC had had talks at a possible Joint Ferrantis bid include France 's dassault group ." )

Input: But it may be weeks before GEC and its potential partners decide whether to bid , the source indicated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it may be weeks before GEC decide whether to bid , the source indicated ." , " But it May be weeks until its potential partners decide whether not bid , a source indicated . )

Input: Also , any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense - electronics contracts , and its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country 's defense industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts ." , " Also , if GEC bids might be block by British regulators ; its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country 's defense industry ." )

Input: A consortium bid , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti and might consequently appease ministry officials .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium bid , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti ." , " A consortium bidding , however , might consequently appease ministry officials ." )

Input: For both Thomson and British Aerospace , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight - fisted defense ministries ; and Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" for both Thomson , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries ." , " For both Thomson , Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices ." COORDINATION(" For both British Aerospace , earnings on their home market have come Under pressure from extremely tight-fitting defense ministries .." ))

Input: The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co. , and Daimler - Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt - Boelkow Blohm G.m.b . H.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co .." , " The European Defense industry is consolidate ; for example , Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b . H." )

Input: In missiles , Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In missiles , Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership ." , " In missiles , Thomson is immediately overshadowed by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to more compete , Reuters officials say , they need to partnership ." )

Input: Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate ." , " Interprovional , a major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said new industry forecasts indicating that Canadian crude output will average about 1.64 million barrel a day from 1991 , eight % lowerthan a previous guess ." )

Input: The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping , and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins , vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial 's parent , Interhome Energy Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins , vice president for government relations with Interprovincial 's parent , Interhome Energy Inc." , " The capabilities of existing field to deliver gas is dropping significantly , as few producers shift its emphasis to Natural gas , say Ronald Watkins , vice presidents for industry relations with Internationalprovincial.s parent , Interhome Gas Inc." )

Input: Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January and is expected to fall further , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s ." , " Mr. Watched said Volume on InterProvincial 'S system is expected to fall further , making expanding unnecessary until maybe the mid -1990s . )

Input: Many of Canada 's oil and gas producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil , and have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of Canada 's oil producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil ." , " Many ofCanada 's natural gas producers say they have shifted their exploration budgets accordingly .",'Many of Malaysia 's gas producers are better than they is for gas ." COORDINATIONAL

Input: The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago , and the number of completed oil wells is down more than that , due to the increasing focus on gas exploration , said Robert Feick , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago , said Robert Feick , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group ." , " the number of completed oil wells is down more than that , due to the increasing focus on gas exploration , saidRobert Feick , manager of oil oil with Montreal 's International Petroleum Association Of Canada , an industry group . )

Input: Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada , and almost 60 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada ." , " almost 60 % of Interprov Provincial 's total volume consists of light crude ." )

Input: Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial 's system , whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region , including Chicago , Buffalo , Toronto and Montreal .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Canada 's current oil exports to the U.S. total about 600,000 barrels a day , or about 9.1 % of net U.S. crude imports , said John Lichtblau , president of the New York - based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That ranks Canada as the fourth - largest source of imported crude , behind Saudi Arabia , Nigeria and Mexico .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That ranks Canada as the fourth-largest source of imported crude , behind Saudi Arabia ." , " That ranksCanada as the four-largest Source of imported oil , behind Nigeria .",'That ranks Malaysia as the 4-largest sources of imported natural , behind Mexico ." )

Input: But when something is inevitable , you learn to live with it , he said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third - quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume and increased costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume ." , " Inland steel Industries Inc. expects to Report that third -quarter earnings dropping more than 70 % from a previous quarteras a consequence of increased costs ." )

Input: In the second quarter , the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share , including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 1.11 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the second quarter , the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million , including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 1.11 billion ." , " In the two quarter , The steelmaker produced net income from $ 1,25 a share , including A pretax Charge of $ 17 million related toward the settlement de a suit , on salesof $ 1.11 million ." )

Input: The company said normal seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said normal seasonal softness reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter ." , " The company says lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments from 200,,000 ton in the most quarter , along with the two quarter ." )

Input: At the same time , the integrated - steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair and maintenance expenses , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , the integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair expenses , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract ." , " At the very time , The integrated-Steel business was hit by continuing increases in Materials costs and maintenance expenses , as well as high labor costs over its new deal ." )

Input: The service - center business was hurt by reduced margins and start - up costs associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit ." , " The service -center business were hurt by start-up costs associated with Its Joseph T. Ryerson-Son unit . )

Input: The company said it is beginning to see some shipping - rate improvements in both the intergrated - steel and steel - service - center segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said it is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter ." , " The company says it is begin to see several shipping-rates improvements inBoth the steel-service-center segments , where should result into improved results from the fourthquarter ." )

Input: In the year - earlier third quarter , when the industry was in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 61 million , or $ 1.70 a share , on sales of $ 1.02 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier third quarter , when the industry was in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 61 million , on sales of $ 1.02 billion ." , " In the Year-earier third quarter , when the company was in a midst of an boom , the company had Net of $ 71.70 a share , on selling of $ 2.02 million ." )

Input: Take Microsoft Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Take Microsoft Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software ." , " Take Microsoft Inc. , generally considered an industry bellwether ." )

Input: But that was all of three months ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To illustrate , Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer - related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results , and half above those results .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To illustrate , Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer-related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results ." , " To illustrates , Mr. Rogers said That of the 16 computer- related firms he follow , half above those results ." )

Input: Among those companies expected to have a down quarter are Hewlett - Packard Co. , Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. , generally solid performers in the past .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In July , the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million , or 23 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In July , the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million and 23 cents a share ." , " In July , the company announced that booming Sales of new Personal computers from IBM had resulted In net income More than doubling from its fourthquarter ended June June 30 only to $ 7.4million and 23 minutes a share . )

Input: In computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers ." , " In computer printing , a fight over typeface is hurtingadobe Systems Inc. , which sell software that displays ." )

Input: Until recently , Adobe had a lock on the market for image software , but last month Apple , Adobe 's biggest customer , and Microsoft rebelled .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , Adobe had a lock on the market for image software ." COORDINATION(" last month Apple , Adobe 's biggest customer , rebelled ." , " last month Microsoft rebeled ." ))

Input: Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach , and analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach ." , " Now analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them ." )

Input: It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales , said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It creates uncertainty , said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group ." , " It usually slows down sales , saidRuss Crabs ? " )

Input: IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H - P and Compaq Computer Corp. , have chosen another method .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H-P and Compaq Computer Corp. , have chosen another method ." , " IBM Is backing only type of buses called micro channel , whilethe nine other Leading computer makers )

Input: He said Apple 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses and no one seems to mind .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Apple 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses ." , " He said no one seems to mind ." )

Input: The gap between winners and laggards will grow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In personal computers , Apple , Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold on their business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In personal computers , Apple are expected to tighten their hold on their business ." , " In Personal computers , Compaq are expected they tighten their holding on their businesses .",'In personal computing , IBM are expected them tighten their holds on theirbusiness ." )

Input: Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business , but they have n't delivered products that sell , said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business , said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities ." , " they have n't delivered products that sell , saidKimball Brown , an analyst of Prudently-Bace Securities ." )

Input: Ever - more powerful desk - top computers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains , are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ever-more powerful desk-top computers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains , are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers ." , " EVER-more sophisticated desk-tops computers , equipped with oneor more microprocessingors as Their brains , were expected to eventually take on activities carried out through more expensive mainframes ." )

Input: As a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses H - P , IBM and Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor - based systems of their own .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses H-P are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own ." , " As a product of this tendency , longtime Powerhouses IBM are scrambling at counterattack With microprocessor.-based systemsof their own . , " As a resultof this trend , longtime power giants Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling against microprocessor -based systems Of their own ? " )

Input: But they will have to act quickly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So are Indiana ." , " So are Ohio .",'So are Michigan ." )

Input: Iowa , for instance , saw its population grow by 11,000 people , or 0.4 % , between 1987 and 1988 , the Census Bureau says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Iowa , for instance , saw its population grow by 11,000 people , between 1987 and 1988 , the Census Bureau says ." , " Iowa , For instance , seen its population growth by 0.4 % , between 1988 and 1988 , the Census bureau says ." )

Input: Between 1987 and 1988 , North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population , a loss of 4,000 people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , South Dakota and Wisconsin .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And although Pennsylvania suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again ." , " And although Massachusetts suffered slight losses earlier inthe decade , there are growingagain ." )

Input: At the same time , several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the very time , several states in the South have had their own population turnaround ." , " At the same time , Several states in The West have had its own population recovery ." )

Input: Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Montana , Wyoming and Alaska .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Overall , though , the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest , and fast - growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the growth gap between the Sun Belt and other regions has clearly started narrowing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even after losing a spouse , more of the elderly are staying independent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even among those aged 75 and older , the share living with a spouse rose slightly , to 40 % in 1988 from 38 % in 1970 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 17 % of those aged 75 and older lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988 , down from 26 % in 1970 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Only 17 % of those aged 75 lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988 , down from 26 % in 1970 ." , " Only 17 percentage of those older lived with families other than spouse in 1988 , down from26 % in1970 ." )

Input: More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off financially ." )

Input: MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success and money above family .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success above family ." , " MANY IFFLUent people place money above family . )

Input: At least that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulman indicates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young , Clancy , Shulman indicates ." , " At least That 's What a survey of Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulmen indicates ." )

Input: Being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Being successful in careers are top priorities for this group ." , " spending the money they make are top priority for this groups ." )

Input: Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 , and average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 ." , " average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 ? " )

Input: Across the board , these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Across the board , these consumers value quality ." , " Across the board , these consumers buy what they like rather than just what they need .",'Across the boards , these consumer appreciate products that are distinctive ." )

Input: Despite their considerable incomes and assets , 40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure , and one - fourth do n't feel that they have made it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" despite their considerable incomes , 40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure ." , " Despite their considerable assets , one-fourth do nt feel that they have made it ." )

Input: While twothirds feel some guilt about being affluent , only 25 % give $ 2,500 or more to charity each year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE NUMBER of women and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" THE NUMER of women who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978 ." , " THE NUMBER of minorities who hold positions in top Management in the country 's large banks has More than doubled Since 1978 ." )

Input: The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials and managers in the top 50 banks , up from 33 % in 1978 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials in the top 50 banks , up from 33 % in 1978 ." , " The American bankers association says that men make up 44 % of managers in the bottom 50 banks , up from 32 % in 1976 ." )

Input: The amount of income divvied up for each man , woman and child was $ 16,489 in 1988 , up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 54 % are women , and 44 % are part - time students .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" About 54 % are women ." , " 44 % are part-time students ." )

Input: Trouble with a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trouble with a capital T." COORDINATION(" that rhymes with P." , " that stands for pool ." ))

Input: Mayor Lynn Spruill and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mayor Lynn Spruill said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street ." , " two members of the council said they are worried about Setting a precedent That would permit Pool halls alongAddison 'S main street . )

Input: And the mayor , in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Prof. Hill 's , warned that alcohol leads to betting , which leads to fights .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pool is hot in New York and Chicago , he insists , where upscale , suit - and - tie places are adding tables .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pool is hot in New York , he insists , where upscale , suit-and-tie places are adding tables ." , " Pool is Hot in Chicago , he insist , where affluent , suit -and- tie places are Adding tables ." )

Input: With today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do n't want to just sit around and drink .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do n't want to just sit around ." , " With today 's smarter drunk driving law , he added , people does n't wants to just drink ." )

Input: Besides , rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski , where rooms average $ 200 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans , T - shirts or tennis shoes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans ." , " At the Lounge , manager Eliza Dyerwon't admitting patrons in T-shirts ." or " At The lounge , managers Elizabeth Dier wo n ' admit patrons into tennis shoes ." )

Input: But a majority of the Addison council did n't buy those arguments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After its previous mayor committed suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects , gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town 's coffers for trips and retreats .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After its previous mayor committed suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects ." , " After its subsequent mayor committed death last year , an investigation indicated that city officials regularly gave special favors to developer friends ." COORDINATION(" After Its previous mayor commit suicide last Year , an Investigation disclosed that the town officials frequently dipped into the town 's coffers for trips .",'After its next mayor committed Suicide last year : an investigation announced that town authorities regularly dipped into its town 'S coffers for retreats ." ))

Input: The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS 's new show Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole , tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole , tucking in a Hawaiian shirt ." , " Richard Chamberlain dress as aMainland haoles , rolling up its long sleeves ." )

Input: And the local expression for brother is brah , not bruddah .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty , if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left , not right , ear .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A good bet would be the tension between blacks and Jews in New York City .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or so it must seem to Jackie Mason , the veteran Jewish comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- 9:30 - 10 p.m. EDT -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup , and he 's currently a man in hot water .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup ." , " Not only he'm currently a man in hot water ." )

Input: Here , in neutral language , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign , and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here , in neutral language , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign ." COORDINATION(" Here , in neutral languages , is a gist of his remarks , printed then in Newsweek after he parted company ." , " Here , on neutral language , is the essence of Mr. Mason 'S remarks , produced then in the Newsweek after the campaign parted company . ))

Input: As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , live television and the nightclub circuit , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular ." , " As a practitioners of ethnic comedy from the Old days on live television , Mr. Mason instinctively reaches for the vvernacular . , " As a practitioner Of ethnic humor From the old times on the nightclub circuit , Mr.- Mason instinctively reaching for the visual vernacle ." )

Input: He said Jews were sick with complexes ; and he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , a fancy shvartze with a mustache .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Jews were sick with complexes ." , " he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , a fancy shvartze with a mustache ." )

Input: It probably would , because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It probably would , because few have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language ." , " It probably Would , because none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered at distinguish between his comments or the fact of he used threatening language ." )

Input: These critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group , such as Polish jokes ; and the type that is double - edged , aiming inward as well as outward .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latter typically is the humor of the underdog , and it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latter typically is the humor of the underdog ." )

Input: In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double - edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double-edged blade could cut both the self to ribbons ." , " In the minds of a fervot like Linda Bruce , the double- edged blade could Cut both the audience to ribbon ." )

Input: But wielded by a pro like Jackie Mason , it is a constructive form of mischief .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co - existence of groups in conflict .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions ." , " Because despite All the media brattle about Comedy and political not mixing , they are Similar in one respects : Both could serve as mechanism for facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict ." )

Input: That 's why it 's dangerous to have well - intentioned thought police , on college campuses and elsewhere , taboo all critical mention of group differences .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's why it 's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police , on college campuses , taboo all critical mention of group differences ." , " That'm why it ... s dangerous for have well.-intentioned thinking police , elsewhere , taboo All critical mention Of group differences . )

Input: The question is , if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- , and if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The question is , if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- ? " , " The question Is , if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ? " )

Input: Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody , resembles politics more than it does comedy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody , resembles politics more than it does comedy ." , " Do n ' say the television sitcom , Because that happens not be a category that , In its desperate needs to offend nobody , resembles Politics more than they does funny ." )

Input: But these are not the differences that make headlines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Chicken Soup , Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Chicken Soup , Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRR- Rita Karin -RRF- ." , " In Chicken soup , his father plays Jackie , a Jewish billionaire courting the Maddie ' LRB.- Lynn Redfield -RR B-,an Irish widow AND mother of two , against their wishes of her brother Michael -LDB- Brandon Maggart -RRb- ." )

Input: At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and Maddie .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie ." , " At least , they both speaks with strong accent , asdo Maddie ." )

Input: And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Back in the 1920s , the play and movie versions of Abie 's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author , Anne Nichols , lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Back in the 1920s , the play and movie versions of Abie 's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author , Anne Nichols , lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain ." , " Back In the 1920 's , the movie version of Abieg'sIrish Rose made a theme of Courtship betweenThe assimilated descendants of Irish and Jewish and other Irish immigrants such popular that Its author , Anne Nichols , losing a plagiarisms suit onthe grounds of the plot having entered thepublic domain ." )

Input: And it has remained there , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie , whose sole distinction was that it led to the real - life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it has remained there , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie , whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter ." , " And it had remained there )

Input: Clearly , the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over , but whether it will simmer at all .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Surely , the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over ." , " Clearly , the questions with Chicken soup is whether it will simmer at all ." )

Input: So far , the bubbles have been few and far between .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So far , the bubbles have been few between ." , " So far ? " )

Input: For instance , Michael dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman , but because he quits his well - paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , Michael dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman ." , " For instance , Michael disliking Jackie not simply because he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker ." )

Input: Even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom preachiness and Mr. Mason 's comic persona .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode and starts meting out that old - fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The best moments in the show occur at the beginning -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode ." , " The best times in the shows occur at that beginning -NRB- or occasionally in in the Middle -RRb- , where Mr.ason starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself ." )

Input: But too often , these routines lack spark because this sitcom , like all sitcoms , is timid about confronting Mr. Mason 's stock in trade - ethnic differences .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But I am suggesting that they stop requiring Mr. Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about caring for other people that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy , he added , remains well - balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy , he added , remains well-balanced ." , " the outlook is for continued moderate growth ." )

Input: After the 1929 crash , Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound and prosperous basis .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After the 1929 crash , Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound basis ." , " Afterwards the 1929 Crash , Herbert Herbert said : A fundamental businessof the country -- is on an prosperous basis ." )

Input: James Robinson , 57 years old , was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" James Robinson , 57 years old , was elected president of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives ." , " James Robinson , 56 years old )

Input: He has been president and chief executive officer of Amperex Electronics Corp. , a division of North American Philips Corp. , itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He has been president of Amperex Electronics Corp. , a division of North American Philips Corp .. , itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands ." , " He has Been chief executive officer of AmPerex Electronics Inc. ,a division ofNorth American Phillips Corp .." )

Input: The former president and chief executive , Eric W. Markrud , resigned in June .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The former president , Eric W. Markrud , resigned in June ." , " The former chief executive , Eric . Markruds , resigned In June ." )

Input: Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special - interest tax breaks and spending increases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks ." , " Lawmakers dramatically streamlined the Bill to blunt critics that it were bloated with spending increases ." )

Input: But Senate supporters of the trimmer legislation said that other bills would soon be moving through Congress that could carry some of the measures that had been cast aside , including a capital - gains tax cut .
Prediction: NONE

Input: House - Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek and last for a while .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" House-Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek ." , " House- Senate negotiations are Likely to last for a while ." )

Input: But , he added , I believe Republicans and Democrats will work together to get capital - gains reform this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But , he added , I believe Republicans will work together to get capital-gains reform this year ." , " But , the added , he believes Democrats will work Together to getcapital-gaining reform this Year ." )

Input: The Senate 's decision was a setback for President Bush and will make approval of a capital - gains tax cut less certain this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Senate 's decision was a setback for President Bush ." , " The Senate.s decision will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year ." )

Input: And a senior aide to the House Ways and Means Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And a senior aide to the House Ways Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year ." , " And a Senior aide tothe House Means Committee , which tax legislation originatedates , saying there are no plans to produced another tax tax bill which could carry an gains tax Cut this year . )

Input: One obvious place to attach a capital - gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit - reduction bill , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit ." , " One obvious places to attach other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill , is a legislation to raising the federal borrow limit ." )

Input: Although I am encouraged by the Senate action , said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways and Means Committee , it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although I am encouraged by the Senate action , said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways Committee , it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate ." , " Although I are encouraged by what Senate action , said ChairmanDan Rostenk -LFB- D. , Ill. -RRb- ofthe House Means Committee , It is uncertain if a clean Bill can be accomplished in the impending conference withthe Senate ." )

Input: But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital - gains issue on the floor , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Republicans senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill ." , " But Republican senators saw No way to garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor , so we went ahead With the streamlined draft ." )

Input: These include a child - care initiative and extensions of soon - to - expire tax breaks for low - income housing and research - and - development expenditures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include a child-care initiative . These include extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing and research-and-development expenditures ." )

Input: One high - profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One high-profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill , was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts ." )

Input: Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties , which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties , which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990 ." )

Input: Mr. Mitchell 's relations with Budget Director Darman , who pushed for a capital - gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Mitchell 's relations with Budget Director Darman , who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill ." , " Mr. Mit 's Relations with Budget director Darman , who pushed at a capital -gains Cut to be add to the measures , have be strained sinceMr . Darmen chose to deal with other lawmakers earlier this Year during a disputes over drug Funding in the Fiscal 1989 supplemental funding bill ." )

Input: The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 , and $ 26 billion over five years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 ." , " The deficit reducing bill includes $ 26 billion over five years ." )

Input: -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport taxes ." , " -- raise $ 852 million by suspended for one Year an automatic reduced in airway taxes ." )

Input: -- Impose a tax on ozone - depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam , beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Impose a tax on ozone-depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners , beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year ." , " -- Imposes a tax upon ozone-Depleting chemical , such like those that used in Styrofoam , starting at $ 2.10a pound starting last year ." )

Input: -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air - passenger departure tax , and impose a $ 3 - a - person tax on international departures by commercial ships .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax ." , " -- impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures by commercial ships ." )

Input: The measure also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The measure includes spending cuts ." , " The measure also includes increases in federal fees ." )

Input: -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline - landing rights at New York 's LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports , O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and National Airport in Washington .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline-landing rights at New York 's LaGuardia Airports ." , " -- Authority of the Federal aviation Administration to raising $ 239 Million by charging expenses for commercial flight-landment rights at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago .",'-- Administration for the federal Aviation Administration at raise $ 236 million by paying fees for professional airline-Landing rights on National Airport in Washington ." COORDINATION(" -- Administration of the federal aviation Administration at raising $ 238 million by charge fees forCommercial airline-LANDing rights through New York " s John F. Kennedy International airports ." )) )

Input: -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators , ship stations and mobile radio facilities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by establishing new fees for amateur radio operators ." , " -- Raises an additional 3 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties ." )

Input: I was laid off in August 1988 , and after a thorough and exhausting job search , was hired in August 1989 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was laid off in August 1988 ." COORDINATION(" after a thorough job search , was hired in August 1989 ." , " after a exhausting job search )

Input: My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks in many companies ." , " My unemployment Insurance ran out Before I found A job ; I found layoffs in many businesses ." )

Input: The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date , certainly as an average for the Northeast , and possibly for the rest of the country .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , and if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller 's market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , it 's a seller 's market ." , " I think when there seemed at the piece were that there felt to Be an underlying mentality to tellyour readers all Is well -- when you'm unemployed , it thes a sellers 's Market ." )

Input: Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life ." , " Looking for an job is for most people ." )

Input: The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade ." )

Input: The rating concern said Franklin 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary and the possible sale of other subsidiaries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rating concern said Franklin 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary ." , " The rating interest said Franklin.s troubled portfolio in the Securities business was just reason for a downgrade , including the possible sale of other subsidiaries ." )

Input: Or is this an extraordinary buying opportunity , just like Oct. 19 , 1987 , eventually turned out to be ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here 's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here 's what several leading market experts say about Friday 's action , what happens next ." , " Here'sa what several Leading market Experts say about Saturday 's actions , what investors should do .",'Here're what Several leading market money managers say about Thursday 's Action , what comes next , and what investors Should do ." )

Input: I 'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August and September , says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru and still a well - known newsletter writer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August , says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru ." , " I 's the only person who said it would bean October massacre , all through early August , is Mr.granville , still a well-known newsletter writer .",'I're the only ones who said that would be a October massacre )

Input: Well , in some ways it is different , but technically it is just the same .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Well , in some ways it is different ." , " Well , technically it is just the same ." )

Input: Right now they 're telling me to get the hell out and stay out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Right now they 're telling me to get the hell out ." , " Right now we 're tell me to stay out ." )

Input: This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 and 1979 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 ." , " This was An October massacrelike those that occurring in 1979 ." )

Input: So she thinks the damage will be short - lived and contained .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So she thinks the damage will be short-lived ." , " So she believes the damages will be contained ." )

Input: Those corrections lasted one to four weeks and took the market 10%-12 % down , she says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Those corrections lasted one to four weeks , she says ." , " Those corrections took the market 10%-12 % down , she writes ." )

Input: She says that ratio could climb to 14.5 , given current interest rates , and still be within the range of fair value .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Davis , whose views are widely respected by money managers , says he expects no 1987 - style crash .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We will probably have a year - end rally , and then go down again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We will probably have a year-end rally ." , " We will perhaps go down again ." )

Input: I do n't think that 's the case at all , says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't think that 's the case at all , says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co .." , " I do non't consider that'm the case on all , say Mr. Cooperman , " , " I do n ' think that these 's a case at only , saysMr . CoOPerman , chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management ." )

Input: Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains , but he does n't think there 's any need to rush .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains ." , " he does n't think there 's any need to rush ." )

Input: I expect the market to open weaker Monday , but then it should find some stability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I expect the market to open weaker Monday ." , " then it should find some stability ." )

Input: He ticks off several major differences between now and two years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And unlike 1987 , the economy does n't appear to be in any danger of overheating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the economy 's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits is n't good , he says .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios , I would not do any buying .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If I had come into Friday on margin , I would not do any buying ." , " if I had came into Friday with very little cash in the portfolios , I Would not do some buying ." )

Input: But we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio , so I would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors and loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The explosion of junk bonds has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors ." , " The explosion on takeovers has loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity .",'The explosion upon takeovers have loaded the companies that are feared takeovers With huge amounts more of debt instead than equity ." COORDINATION(" The explosions of junk securities has packed the corporations who are the object of takeover with huge amount of debtRather than equity . , " The explosion of Junk bonds has loaded their corporations that is the objects for takeovers ." ))

Input: This has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has both made investors uneasy ." , " This has either made the corporations more vulnerable ." )

Input: It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community may try ." , " It takes less error now in the thirties-much as as the government maytry ." )

Input: These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue ." , " These sorts Of takeovers does n't requiring big bank loans to finance themselves , soMr . Gabella figures they Will continue ." )

Input: He thinks another crash is unlikely , and says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He thinks another crash is unlikely ." , " He says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge ." )

Input: It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University and former co - manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University ." , " It seem to me That this is a pin that had finally pricking the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , former co-manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund ." )

Input: Dealers would give you a quote , but then refuse to make the trade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dealers would give you a quote ." , " Dealers Would refuse to make the trade ." )

Input: If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S .." , " If the dollars stays weak , he says , that will make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much ." )

Input: Mr. Rogers wo n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London and Tokyo markets go .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Rogers wo n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London markets go ." , " Mr. Rog wo nt decide what is doing today until his sees how how the Tokyo markets do ." )

Input: He recommends that investors sell takeover - related stocks , but hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He recommends that investors sell takeover-related stocks ." , " He suggests that investors hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness ." )

Input: Stock prices would still have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks , says Mr. Terrizzi , president and managing director of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Renaissance , which manages about $ 1.8 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year and thus missed a strong rally .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Renaissance , which manages about $ 1.8 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year ." , " Renaissance , whose manages about$ 1 . 8 billion , showed stiff criticism by many clients later this year when it missed a strong rally ." )

Input: Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing , alleging :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment , alleging : " , " Regarding the October . 3 letters to the editors from Rep. Tom Lintos , Chairman of the Senate Subcommittee on Housing , alleging : " )

Input: 1 . That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate and deliberately misleading .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 1 . That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate ." , " 1 . To that your September . 28 cartoon Kangaroo committees was deliberately misleading ." )

Input: I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I thought your editorial was factually accurate ." , " I thoughtyour editorial was deliberately elucidative ." )

Input: As your editorial rightly pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , and Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As your editorial rightly pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment ." , " Asyour editorial rightly points out , Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , are already being held down to scorn from taking the Sixth Amendment ." )

Input: My colleagues and I fully realize we are not a court ... etc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My colleagues understand we are not a court ... etc ." , " I fully realize we are Not a court . etc ." )

Input: By any reasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By any reasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos have a whole bunch of people tried ." , " By any unreasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos has a whole lot of people convicted .",'By anyreasonable man criterion : his colleagues have a nice bunch of folks tried ." " By Any reasonable man criteria , his colleagues having a whole ton of people imprisoned ." )

Input: But if his explanation of motivation is true , why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Why not simply questions designed to identify sources of waste ? " , " Why not just questions designed by sources of inefficiency ? " )

Input: Such as , what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats or whatever they supposedly cost ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Such as , what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats ? " , " Such as ? " )

Input: 4 . That the Journal defends the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD , etc . and so forth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 4 . That the Journal defends the sleaze that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD , etc . and so forth ." , " 4 . that the Journal attacks the fraud that tookplace while Mr. Pierce was Secretary of HUD . , " 4 . The Journal defends what the embezzlement of the public that took Place whileMr . Pierce were secretary of HHS , etc . and so on ." )

Input: No , to my mind , the Journal did not defend sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public trust ...
Prediction: NONE

Input: it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards and practical common sense .
Prediction: COORDINATION("it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards ." , " it defended practical common sense ." )

Input: The problem , which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi - parliamentary\/judicial body .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The problem , which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , ." , " The problem , which the Magazine so rightly point out in an number of article , is the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi-parliamentary\/judicial body ." )

Input: But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate ." , " But I thinks the type of congressional inquiry that has being pursued is the far greater threat to American conceptions of freedom than any incompetentency -NONE

Input: Thus , in a criminal case , a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant 's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness , thus forcing him to take the Fifth .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Supreme Court and some states have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Supreme Court have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause ." , " some states have specifically recognize that the Sixth Amendment does Not preclude the implication where the privileges is claimed when a party over a civil causes ." )

Input: Thus , in a civil case , a defendant may be called as a witness , he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth , and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thus , in a civil case , a defendant may be called as a witness , his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter ." COORDINATION(" Thus , in a Civil case , he may be forced to testify the Fifth ." , " Thus , In a civil cases , he 's forced to take the fifth ." ))

Input: He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution ." , " He may taking the Fifth into a civil matters only if I has a justifiable belief that his testifying may subject me to criminal prosecutions ." )

Input: Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter , but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The subcommittee , Congress and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subcommittee are every right to draw the adverse inference ." , " The subcommittee have every right not to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime ." Congress have everyright to draw a adverse inference . , " Congress have Every right to Concur withMr . Pierce . 's own belief of his testimony possible help convict them of a Crime .",'the American public have every Right to draw it adverse inference , " , " the American community have everyRight to concurate with Mr. Pierce 'S own belief on his testimony potential help convict me of acrime ." )

Input: It was Friday the 13th , and the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It was Friday the 13th ." , " the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points ." )

Input: Or is triskaidekaphobia -- fear of the number 13 -- justified ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In academia , a so - called Friday the 13th effect has been set up and shot down by different professors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In academia , a so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up by different professors ." , " In academia )

Input: Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert Kolb , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th ." , " Ricardo Rodriguez , professors at finance at The University of MI , foundEvidence that the Market is spooky by Friday on Friday the 16th ." )

Input: But their study , which spanned the 1962 - 85 period , has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the date tends to be a plus , not a minus , for stocks , according to Yale Hirsch , a collector of stock market lore .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a similar vein , he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash and Saturday 's full moon could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a similar vein , he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity ." , " In a related vein , he adds that Saturday 's full moon could have playing a part , too , In Friday 'S market activity " )

Input: reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated , some phone calls to market makers in over - the - counter stocks went unanswered .
Prediction: COORDINATION("reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted , some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered ." , " reminisccent of Those during the 1986 crash -- That as trading activity escalated , some phones calls to Market makers in under-the -counter stocks gone unanswered ." )

Input: Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York exchanges ." , " Whether unanswered telephone calls had no effect , NASdaq stocks sinking far lessthan those onthe American exchanges ." )

Input: Nonetheless , the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever , diving 14.90 , or 3 % , to 467.29 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nonetheless , the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year , diving 14.90 , to 467.29 ." , " Nonetheless , it suffered its largest point declineof the year , diving 3 % , to 367.28.",'Nonetheless , its sixth worst ever , diving 16.90 , to 468.29 , " , " Moreover , its Sixth worst ever , diving 2 % , from 467.29 ." )

Input: By comparison , the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday and the American Stock Exchange Composite fell 4 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By comparison , the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday ." , " By comparison ))

Input: On Oct. 16 , 1987 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points , or 3.8 % , followed by its devastating 46.12 - point , or 11 % slide , three days later .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On Oct. 16 , 1987 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points , followed by its devastating 46.12-point slide , three days later ." , " On Oct. 16 , 1988 , the NASdaq Composite fall 16.8 points , following by its catastrophic 11 % slide , two days later . , " In Oct. 17 , 1987 , the NasDAQ Composite fell 3.8 % , followed through its devastating 48.12 -point slide , three days earlier .",'On Oct.- 16 , 1986 , the Lasdaq Composite dropped 3 . 8 % , following through its tragic 11 % Slide , three Days later ." )

Input: Mr. King of Robinson - Humphrey and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. King of Robinson-Humphrey were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades ." , " Mr. King of others were quick on add that we believe the problems stemmed more than a deliberately attempt to avoiding making trades . )

Input: The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market - making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market-making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers in the chaos of the crash ." , " The subject Is a sore ones for NasDAQ and its Market-making Companies , which are widely criticized 2 years ago after complaints from shareholders who cann't trade in the chaotic of the collapse ." )

Input: There were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There were too many phones ringing ." , " There are too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots ." )

Input: But , he added , you can only take one call at a time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply ." , " When selling are so fren frenzying , prices falling fast ." )

Input: But , with profits sagging on Wall Street since the crash , companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories ." , " that was the big culprit ." )

Input: Because Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre - crash levels , traders and OTC market officials hope the damage wo n't be permanent .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre-crash levels , traders hope the damage wo n't be permanent ." , " Because NasDAQ 's Trading volume has n't returned from pre-Crash levels , OTC market officials hope the devastation wo nt be permanent ? " )

Input: But they are worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big and small institutional investors , as well as individual investors and market makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big institutional investors , as well as individual investors ." , " The selling on Friday brought from all corner of the oTC market-big institutional Investors , as nicely as market makers .",'The sellers On Friday came From all corners on the Otc market -- small institutional investors , as wellas individual investors . , " The sellers on Saturday came from All corners ofthe OTC markets -- small institutions investors , as well as marketmakers ." )

Input: But grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares to 50,000 shares , compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shearson 's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to bargain - hunt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shearson 's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday ." , " Shearson S Mr. daPuzzio said retail shareholders never returned to bargain-hunt ." )

Input: We had a good amount of selling from institutions , but not as much panic , Mr. DaPuzzo said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , Mr. DaPuzzo said computer - guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 2000 small stocks and the Standard & Poor 's 500 - stock Index sent occasional waves through the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , or 19.76 , to 449.33 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , to 449.33 ." , " The NasDAQ 100 Index Of the largestNonfinancial issues , including the bigger OTC Technology issues , Tumbled 19.76 , to four49 . 33 ." )

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 % , or 9.31 , to 462.98 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 % , to 462.98 ." , " The NasDAQ Financial Index Of giant insurance stocks dropped 9.31 , to four62 . 98 ." )

Input: But they fell sharply .
Prediction: NONE

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications , for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests , and in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw Cellular Communications , for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests ." , " McCaw cellular Communications , For instance , its offered to in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular ." )

Input: McCaw lost 8 % , or 3 1\/2 , to 40 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw lost 8 % , to 40 ." , " McCaw 3 1\/2 , to40 ." )

Input: LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 1\/2 , or 5 % , to 107 1\/2 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 1\/2 , to 107 1\/ 2 ." , " LIN Broadcasting , " dropped 5 % , to 108 1-2 ." )

Input: Among other OTC issues , Intel , dropped 2 1\/8 to 33 7\/8 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1\/8 to 19 1\/2 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 1\/4 to 10 1\/4 ; MCI Communications slipped 2 1\/4 to 43 1\/2 ; Apple Computer fell 3 to 45 3\/4 and Nike dropped 2 1\/4 to 66 3\/4 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The key U.S. annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels ." , " The key United . S.- annual interest Rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .",'The key foreign annual interest rate below are not always represent real transactions ." )

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pension funds , insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pension funds of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout ." , " other behemoths of the investment world said we began scoophing up stocks During Saturday 's Market rout ." )

Input: And they plan to buy more today .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rightly or wrongly , many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rightly , many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off ." , " wrongly , many giants institutional investors look to befighting the latest battle by applying a lesson they learn in the September 1987 crash : Buying At the bottom paying off ." )

Input: They could still panic and bail out of the market .
Prediction: COORDINATION("They could still panic ." , " They could still bail out of the market ." )

Input: But their 1987 performance indicates that they wo n't abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last time , we got rewarded for going out and buying stocks when the panic was the worst , said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago - based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last time , we got rewarded for going out when the panic was the worst , said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks ." , " Last time , we got reward for buying stocks when the anxiety was the Worst , saidJohn W.Rog , president Of Chicago- based Ariel Capital management Inc .. , which managing $ 1 billion of stock ." )

Input: I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- and I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn." , " I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , said Frederick B. Moran , president of Kerr Asset Management , Greenwich , Conn." )

Input: Unlike mutual funds , which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unlike mutual funds , which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock ." , " Unlike mutual Funds , whichCan be forced at sell stockholding when investors rushes to withdraw it , big Investors such as insurance companies can decide on ride outmarket storms without Jettisoned stock ." )

Input: The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long - term holders , and that they ca n't react to short - term events , good or bad , said Stephen L. Nesbitt , senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica , Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long-term holders , said Stephen L. Nesbitt , senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica , Calif." COORDINATION(" The final crash taught institutions that they ca n't react to short-term events , good , saidStephen L.NesbITT , senior Vice president forthe pension consultantsWilshire Associates In Santa Monica , Calif." , " The last crashed taught institutional Investors that they wo n't respond to short -term events , bad , said Steven L. nes bitt , Senior vice president of the pension consultant Wilshire Partners in Santa Santa Monica . Calif." ))

Input: You could go down 400 points and still have a good year in the market , said James D. Awad , president of New York - based BMI Capital Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You could go down 400 points , said James D. Awad , president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp." , " You could still have a good year in the market , saidJames D.Awad , President of New New York -based BMI capital Corp." )

Input: Mr. Awad , however , worries that the market could go down 800 or 900 points in the next few days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Awad , however , worries that the market could go down 900 points in the next few days ." )

Input: He said he discerns many parallels with 1987 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re - emergence of computerized program trading .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said he discerns many parallels with 1987 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks ." , " He said He discerns Many parallels with 1986 , including a re-emergence of computerized program trading ." )

Input: Not really insurance , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not really insurance , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices by selling waves of S&P futures contracts ." , " Not actually insurance , This tactic was planned to generate an offsetting profit by selling rounds of S & P futures contract ." )

Input: In its severest test , the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared and stock and futures prices became disconnected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its severest test , the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared ." , " In its Severest tests , the money 60 billion from portfolio insurance In effect in that 1987 crash does n't working , as futures prices became disconnected ." )

Input: We 're not making a killing , but we had a good day .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're not making a killing ." , " we had a good day ." )

Input: Food and Drug Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Food Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore ." , " Drug Administration spokesman Jeffrey NesBit said the agencies has turned on evidence in the criminal investigation surrounding Vitarina Pharmaceuticals INC . to a U.s . Attorney . )

Input: Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials or employees have been charged with any crimes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nor Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials have been charged with any crimes ." , " Neither Vitarina nor any from the Springfield gardens , N.Y. )

Input: Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vitine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine ." , " Vitine acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests ." )

Input: But so far the company has n't complied with that request , the spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bolar , the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General 's office of the Health and Human Services Department , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , Mr. Nesbit said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar , the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , Mr. Nesbit said ." COORDINATION(" the Inspector General 's office of the Health Services Department , only agree to recall Two strengths of Its version of MunrodantIN as far Down as direct Customers , mostly wholesaleers , Mr. Nesbit described ." , " the Inspector general 's Office of the Human Services Department , only agreed on recall two advantages of its versions of MacRodantin As far down As direct customers , mostly wholesalerers , Ms. NESbit said . ))

Input: Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram versions of the drug ." , " bolar , of Copiagu , N.Y. )

Input: The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management - controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management-controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders ." , " The eventual school decision could becoming a landmark for Dutch corporate Law because the lawsuits ASKO planning to file will be the same to challenged the entire practice of companies producing voting preferred Shares to management -controlled trusts that dilute Voting power of rare stockholders . )

Input: ASKO says the Dutch - based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ASKO says the Dutch-based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust ." COORDINATIONAL("ASKO says that the Dutch -based internationalfood retailer had n't reasonable ground to dilute the worth of ASKO ." , " ASKO Says that the French-based International food retailer Had n't unreasonable grounds to dilize the voting power of other shareholders ." ))

Input: A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position and the propriety of the preferred - share issue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position ." , " A spokesman of Ahold says his company are confident of the propriety of the preferred-share issue ." )

Input: Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican , but on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy - making .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy-making ." COORDINATION(" Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker ." , " Chase Manhattan Mortgage Bank Chairman willard Butcher are a loyal Republican ." ))

Input: I 'd like to see that initiative , and I have n't .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'd like to see that initiative ." , " I have n't ." )

Input: But Mr. Butcher 's comments make one thing clear : Some on Wall Street wonder if anyone is in charge of economic policy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cuts are necessary because Congress and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a deficit - cutting bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The cuts are necessary because Congress have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill ." , " The cuts have necessary because the administration have failed at reach agreement On a deficit -cutting bill . )

Input: We simply do n't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices , House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We simply do n't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit , House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press ." , " We simply does n't having strong leadership that try to make tough choices , House budget Committee Chairman Leo Panetta . LRB-D .. -RB- saying yesterday onNBC News ' 's Meet the press ." )

Input: -- For the last two weeks , the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi - public battle over international economic policy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- for the last two weeks , the Bush administration have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy ." , " -- For the lastTwo weeks , the Federal Reserve have been engaging in a Semi-public fight over internationaleconomic policy ." )

Input: One of the things that continues to worry me is this monetary warfare between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve Board , said Lawrence Kudlow , a Bear , Stearns & Co. economist , on ABC 's This Week .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury and the White House over that decision .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury over that decision ." , " But he had later run into resistance from the White House over That decision ." )

Input: And he has kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines , which includes a big stake by British Airways PLC .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then , as now , the budget debate was behind schedule and automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then , as now , the budget debate was behind schedule ." , " Then , at now , automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold ." )

Input: And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax - writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous ." , " And concern about actual actions aimed toward takeovers-then bythe tax-writers House Means Committee rather rather thanthe Transportation Department-were making Markets nervous ." )

Input: The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration and Democratic lawmakers to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two - year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period ." , " The 1987 crashed brought Democratic lawmakers to thetable for the First budget summit , resulting in an two-Year plan to reduced the deficit from more than$ 76 billion-even though that deficit actually risen by nearly a 12 billion During that period . )

Input: But , barring further drops in the market this week , a similar outcome does n't seem likely this year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lawmakers and administration officials agree that Friday 's drop , by itself , is n't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit - reduction agreement that would be more serious and more far - reaching than last spring 's gimmick - ridden plan , which still is n't fully implemented .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 1987 , the economy and the market can survive a one - day 508 - point tumble .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 1987 , the economy can survive a one-day 508-point tumble ." , " One ofthe biggest factors that new discussions are n ' likely to coming about is the reality of new talks beingn't Likely to comeAbout is that , as everyone learn in 1988 , the market can survive A one-Day 508 -point tumble . )

Input: But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president to take a much harder look at fiscal policy ." , " But administration administration privately agree With Mr. Panetta , which said a gravitous drop in week isgoing to force Congress to takea much harder Look at fiscalpolicy ." )

Input: There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit and that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be-that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit , said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- ." , " There is An underlying concern at the part from the American community -- and at be-That Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , saidSenate Finance Committee chairman Lloyd Benteden -NRB-D.,Texas -RRb- ." )

Input: Nevertheless , it clearly will take more than Friday 's 190 - point decline to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and White House Budget Director Richard Darman over the capital - gains fight .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital - gains cut was part of April 's budget accord and his insistence on combining it with the deficit - reduction legislation .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April 's budget accord ." , " Hill Democrats are especially angry over his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation ." )

Input: There is no prospect of any so - called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation ." , " There is No prospect of Any so- called deal next year if the administration just did n ' live upto this year " s deal ." )

Input: During last week 's maneuverings on the deficit - cutting bill and the capital - gains issue , there were signs that Senate Republicans and the administration were at odds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During last week 's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill , there were signs that Senate Republicans were at odds ." , " During last Week 's maneuvers on the deficits-cutting legislation , there are signs that the administration are at odds . , " during last week " s maneuvering on the capital-gains issue , there Were signs thatSenate Republicans were At odds ." COORDINATION(" During the moveings on last week.s maneuverINGS on the stock-goains issue , there were indications that Senate Democrats were at best ." ))

Input: Friday 's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit - reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thursday 's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House versions of the deficit-reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest ." , " Friday 's Market tumble could spurred action on reconcile the Senate versions of that deficit-ringuction measure , a process which is n ' expected to beginning until tomorrow on the farest ." )

Input: Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit ." , " Senate Republicans express the hope That the House Would follow the leading of the House , which at Friday agreed on a range of tax breaks that would having increased the monetary 1990 deficit . )

Input: The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction , and the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- . said yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction ." , " the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- . said yesterday ." )

Input: The White House Office of Management and Budget , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm - Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House - passed deficit - reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The White House Office of Management , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion ." , " The White house Office of Budget , whose calculation determine whether a Gramm -Rudmann targets are meet , estimated That the House -passed deficits-reducing measure would Cut the fiscal1990 shortfall by a 6 . 2 billion , hardly half of what Congressional Budget office 's estimated of $ 10.0 billions ." )

Input: Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across - the - board cuts , but added : We 're getting very close to the margins here .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts ." , " Rep. Panetta added : We 're getting very close to the margins here ." )

Input: But some players were quick to seize the moment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital - gains tax cut , Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance , but I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut ." , " I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others ." )

Input: The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following U.S. Treasury offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : " , " The Following U.s . corporate offerings are Tentatively scheduled to sale thisweek , according from Dow Jones capital Markets Report ? " , " The following U.-S. municipal offerings are tentative scheduled for Sale this week , according to Jones Capital markets Report :

Input: $ 15.2 billion of three - month and six - month bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 15.2 billion of three-month bills ." , " $ 15.4 billion of six-month bill ." )

Input: $ 68,230,000 of various bonds , including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 68,230,000 of various bonds , including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 1989A , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group ." , " $ 68,250,000of various bonds , including $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B , viaa Morgan Stanley-Co. groups ." )

Input: University of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey --
Prediction: COORDINATION(" University of Medicine of New Jersey -- " , " University of Dentistry of New York -- " )

Input: West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development And Tourism Authority --
Prediction: COORDINATION(" West Virginia Parkways -- " Economic Development -- " , " Tourism Authority -- " )

Input: $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 640 million of gas revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group ." , " $ 640 millions of electric revenue refunded bonds , from a FirstBoston group ." )

Input: Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend , but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend ." COORDINATION(" most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach ." , " most said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market ." ))

Input: But he 's not so sure about everyone else .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell , predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic , predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds ." , " I thinks on Monday they small -MLRB- Investors -RR B- are Going to sell , predictedMr . Sullivan , whose investments including AMR Inc. 'S American Airlines units and several Mutual funds ." )

Input: And I think institutions are going to come in and buy ...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I think institutions are going to come in ..." , " And I believe institutions are Going to buy ..." )

Input: Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one - third of its value following the Black Monday crash , but no one got discouraged , and we gained that back -- and more .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash ." , " Mrs. Crump said we gained that back -- and more ." )

Input: But Robert Showalter , an official of the association , said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors'clubs are planned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Robert Showalter , an official of the association , said no special bulletins of the investors'clubs are planned ." , " But Robert showalter , an official ofthe association , added no emergency meetings of the shareholders'clubsare planned ." )

Input: Not everyone is reacting so calmly , however , and many wonder about the long - term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy - out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not everyone is reacting so calmly , however ." , " many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines ." )

Input: Sara Albert , a 34 - year - old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Samara Albert , a 34-year-old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market ." , " Samira Albert , A 34- year-old Texas law student , says she more skittious about the takeover activity that seems to fuel it ." )

Input: I have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises but there 's no foundation to it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises ." , " I have a feeling that there 's no foundation to it ." )

Input: She and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock ." , " her husband pulled most from their investments into the market After the 1987 collapse , although they still owns Some Texaco Stock ." )

Input: Partly because of concern about the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Partly because of concern about the economy , I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid ." , " partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , I mean at this stage we want at be a whole more Liquid ." )

Input: Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash and , to his regret , never went back even as the market soared .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash ." , " Mr. Greenberg , to his regret , never went back even as the market soared ." )

Input: Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm ." )

Input: But it 's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alan Helfman , general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said he and his mother have some joint stock investments , but the overall economy is his chief worry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Alan Helfman , general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said the overall economy is his chief worry ." COORDINATIONAL("Alan Helfman , general sales managers of a Dodge dealership inHouston , said he have some joint stock investments ." , " Alan Helford , general selling manager of an Chrysler dealership on Houston , added his mother have some Joint stock investments , " ))

Input: And I can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow ." , " And I Can tell you That a high Roller is n ' going to buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati ." )

Input: And , finally , there were the gloaters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everything , said Pascal Antori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Everything , said Pascal Antori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago ." , " Everything , says Pascal Antoro , an Ohio , pipe contractor who stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office ." )

Input: Compaq Computer Corp. 's long - awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , and on a swarm of promising start - ups .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq Computer Corp. 's long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , ." , " Compaq computer Corp. 's very long-anticipated entry today in the notebook fields is expected strain on a swarm of promising start-ups ." )

Input: One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard - sized computer called a notepad , and two others have introduced even smaller palmtops .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard-sized computer called a notepad ." , " two others have introduced even smaller palmtops ." )

Input: But those machines are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But those machines are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match ." )

Input: Analysts say they 're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts say they 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 ." , " Analysts says they carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market ." )

Input: All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds ." , " All of these comes in an machine that fits comfortably into most briefcases ." )

Input: In recent months , Compaq 's competition , including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months , Compaq 's competition , including Zenith all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly ." , " In recent times , Compix 's Competition , including Toshiba Corp. all have introduce portables which weigh approximatelyThe same and they are called notebook -- perhaps misleadingingly ." )

Input: Instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface , an electronic pen and the ability to read block printing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface ." , " Instead of the keyboard , It features an electronic pen .",'Instead of an keyboard , it features the ability to read block printing ." )

Input: At 4 1\/2 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named , but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At 4 1\/2 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named ." , " it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth ." )

Input: Atari Corp. 's Portfolio , introduced in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September , weighs less than a pound , costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries , yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Atari Corp. 's Portfolio , introduced in Europe two months ago , weighs less than a pound , costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries , yet has the power to run some spreadsheets ." , " Atari Inc. 'S Portfolio , introduced in European two months past , weighs under a pound and costs a simple $ 400 but runs on 3 AA batteries CO has the Power to run other word processing programs ." COORDINATIONAL

Input: Poquet Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 and other sophisticated software programs , but costs five times as much .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Poquet Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that costs five times as much ." COORDINATIONAL("Poquet Computer Inc. , however , has introducing a significantly more sophisticated handtop that can run Lotus 1-2-3 ." , " Poquet computer Corp. ) meanwhile , is introducing a much More sophisticated palmop that can build other sophisticated software programs ." ))

Input: Whether it 's $ 5 billion or $ 3.5 billion , it does n't matter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether it 's $ 5 billion , it does n't matter ." , " Whether it $ 3.5 billion , It does n ' matter ." )

Input: Size and weight considerations also have limited screen displays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Size considerations also have limited screen displays ." , " weight considerations also having limited screen display ." )

Input: Toward that end , experts say the real battle will take place between center - stage players like Toshiba , Zenith and now Compaq .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start - up firms like Dynabook Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq 's , uses an Intel 286 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq.s , uses an Intel 286 microprocessor ." , " Compaq , its new machines were considered a Direct threat to starting-up companies like Dynafook Inc. , which introducing in June A computer that , like Compq 's , has a hard disk drive ." )

Input: But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq 's .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy ." , " But it costs more than Compaq 's ." )

Input: Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith , which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market but recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie . des Machines Bull , the French government - owned computer maker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith , which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market ." , " Compaq.s announcement itself spells troubles for Zeniths , which recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie . des Machines Bull , the French government-owned computer maker ." )

Input: Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share and sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share ." , " Zenith shareholders will vote In December on a proposed $ six35 million sales , a Price that could slipped because it are pegged toZenith " Zenith holders won vote inDecember on the recommended $ 6 35 million sale , a priceThat could slip if it is peg to ZenITH 's sales ." )

Input: Rod Canion , Compaq 's president and chief executive officer , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two - inch floppy disk , whereas Compaq 's new machines use the more common 3 1\/2 - inch disk .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rod Canion , Compaq 's president , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk ." , " Rod CanION , Compiq 's chief executive officer , notes pointingly thatZenith 'S $ 2.000 minisPort using an unconventional 2-inch soft disk , whereas Compaq.s new machines use the more common 3 1\/2-inch disk ." )

Input: I ca n't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq and a stopper for everyone else , says Gene Talsky , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I ca n't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq , says Gene Talsky , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc." , " I ca pn't anticipate that you ... ll talk a stopper for everyone else , saysGene Talski , presidentof Professional Marketing management Inc." )

Input: Compaq 's machines include the 3 1\/2 - inch floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only 1\/4 - inch thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's machines include the 3 1\/2-inch floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only 1\/4-inch thick , and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine ." )

Input: Others undoubtedly will follow , but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six - month lead on the competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Others undoubtedly will follow ." , " most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition ." )

Input: Toshiba 's line of portables , for example , features the T-1000 , which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory , and the T-1600 , which also uses a 286 microprocessor , but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A third model , marketed in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990 , but by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A third model , marketed in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990 ." , " by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players ." )

Input: International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market and shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market ." , " International Business Machines Inc. , executives say , shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon ." )

Input: Honeywell Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell Inc. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space ." , " International Business Machines Corp. receivedAir Force contracts for develop integrated circuit for use on space ." )

Input: Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million , and IBM 's $ 68.8 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million ." , " IBM 's $ 68.8 million ." )

Input: The index , which registered 156.8 at the end of September , has a base of 100 set in 1983 and is n't seasonally adjusted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The index , which registered 156.8 at the end of September , has a base of 100 set in 1983 ." , " The index , which registered 158.8 on the endof September , is n't seasonally adjusted ." )

Input: Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % ." )

Input: Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier and were up 0.4 % from the previous month , the Bank of Japan announced Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Bank of Japan announced Friday ." , " Japan 'S wholesale prices In September were up 0.4 % from the previous month , the Bo of Japan announcing Friday ." )

Input: And among the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Edison Co. and Niagara Mohawk Power Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , Westinghouse Electric Corp. , Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp. , the big insurer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co .." , " Other major issueshitting highs included Westinghouse Electric Corp .." ." Other major Issues hitting highs include Exxon Corp. , " , " Other Major issues hitting lows included Cigna Corp. , the big insurer ." )

Input: Other new lows included Navistar International Corp. , Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other new lows included Navistar International Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average ." , " Other new highs included Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , allof which are include in the Industrial average ." )

Input: Shares of Rally 's Inc. , an operator of fast - food restaurants , closed at $ 17 each , up from its $ 15 offering price and shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. , a health - care consultant , closed at $ 14.125 , up from its $ 12 offering price .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of Rally 's Inc. , an operator of fast-food restaurants , closed at $ 17 each , up from its $ 15 offering price ." , " shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. CO . , a health-care consultant , open at $ 14.125 , up to its $ 12 offering price . )

Input: Jaguar , the London Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jaguar are being notified of the transactions , the company said ." , " the London Stock Exchange are being alerted of the transaction , the companies said ." COORDINATION(" the U.S. Securities Commission are being informed of the decisions , the department said ." ." the U.-S. Exchange Commission are been notified ofThe ))

Input: That 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares to enhance the collateral backing their loans ." , " That'm because their broker can require they to put up more cash to enhance their loans ? " )

Input: But some big brokerage firms said they do n't expect major problems as a result of margin calls .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , but reasonable , a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said ." , " Margins calls since Saturday have been reasonable , a spokeswoman for She Carson Lehman Huutton Inc. said ." )

Input: The Garden City , N.Y. , car - rental company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit , Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways unit and Midway Airlines at the end of this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Garden City , N.Y. , car-rental company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit at the end of this year ." , " The Garden city , N.Y. ) car-renal company says it wo n't renew agreements with Pan Am Corp .. 's Pan American World Airways unit at a end of the year ." ." The garden City , n.y . , Car-rentAL company said It wo nt renew contracts With Midway Airlines at the End of this Year ." )

Input: But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and Delta Air Lines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit ." , " But it stays involved in program with Delta Air Lines ." )

Input: Industry estimates put Avis 's annual cost of all five programs at between $ 8 million and $ 14 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs ." , " A spokesman from Avis said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total ." )

Input: Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , and National Car Rental Systems Inc. , of Minneapolis , both said they had no plans to follow suit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , both said they had no plans to follow suit ." , " National Car Rental Systems Inc. , the Minneapolis , both say they had No plans to followed suit ." )

Input: In fact , Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent - flier miles and fliers can get car - rental discounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact , Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent-flier miles ." , " In fact , Budget indicated its saw some benefits to staying involvement in these Programs , in whose fliers can get car-rental discounts ." )

Input: I can not see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget 's programs , said Bob Wilson , Budget 's vice president , marketing planning .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I can not see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget 's programs , said Bob Wilson , Budget 'S vice president , marketing planning ." , " I ca n't see how This news by Avis and AVIS can not Benefit Budget ' 's programs , more said BobWilson , Budget.s vice president , marketing planning . )

Input: Northwest and Midway are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Northwest are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements ." , " Midway are two among the five airline with which budget has agreements . )

Input: National also participates in the Northwest frequent - flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta and USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta and USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit ." )

Input: A month ago , Hertz , of Park Ridge , N.J. , said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta , America West and Texas Air Corp. 's Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines , and that pacts with American Airlines , UAL Inc 's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the time , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the time , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million ." )

Input: Analysts and competitors , however , doubt the numbers were that high .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts , however , doubt the numbers were that high ." , " competitors , however , doubt the ratings were too high ." )

Input: Robert D. Cardillo , Avis vice president of marketing , said , The proliferation and costs attached to -LCB- frequent - flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert D. Cardillo , Avis vice president of marketing , said , The proliferation of costs attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value ." , " Robert D. Cardillo , Avis Vice president of Marketing , said , The costs associated to -LB- annual-fier programs -RRB- having significantly diminishedTheir value ." )

Input: This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis , said Charles Finnie , car - rental industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis , said Charles Finnie , car-rental industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons ." )

Input: They 've been looking to get their costs down , and this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They 've been looking to get their costs down , he said ." , " this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he says ." )

Input: I have every intention of making this the best possible show and having it run one hour is the best way to it , said Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have every intention of making this the best possible show , said Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August ." , " having it run one hour is the best way to it , saidRod Perth , which was named Vice president of early night entertainment from August ." )

Input: But CBS News will extend its four - hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes and begin at 1:30 a.m.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes ." , " But CBSnews will begin at 1:30 a.m." )

Input: The show , despite a promising start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Nightline on ABC - TV , a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The show , despite a promising start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co .." , " The show , despite a promise start , had slipped badly into the weekly Ratings as compiled from A.c . Nielsen co. , completing far below Nightline on ABC-TV , a units of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc." )

Input: Tandem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 ." , " Tandem Computerers Inc. , preparing for fight with international Business Machines Inc. fora piece ofthe mainframe Business , said It expects to Post higher earnings for its Fiscal fourth quarter end Sept.30 ." )

Input: Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million ." , " Tandem called it expecting to report earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share ." )

Input: In the year - earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , on revenue of $ 383.9 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , on revenue of $ 383.9 million ." )

Input: Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share ." )

Input: Tandem makes fault - tolerant computers -- machines with built - in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges , networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges ." , " Tandem making fault-Tolerant computer -- machines With built-IN backup systems ... that run networks of automatic tellers .",'Tandem make fault- tolerant PCs -- machines without built-In backup systems , that run other complex computer systems ." )

Input: But Mr. Treybig questions whether that will be enough to stop Tandem 's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions that large organizations previously sought from Big Blue 's machines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The answer is n't price reductions , but new systems , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The answer is n't price reductions , he said ." , " The answer Is n't new systems , he says ." )

Input: It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit and it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit ." , " it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar ." )

Input: The resulting decline in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The resulting decline in interest rates could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy ." , " The resulting reduction in the value of the dollar could reinvanigorateAmerican business -- especially , the overall economy ." )

Input: Its spasms ca n't be traced to fundamental business conditions , nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth , damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth ." , " Sharly falling stock Prices do damage business confidence ." ." Sharply declining stock prices discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance ." )

Input: But if the stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But if the stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates may well dominate ." , " But if The stock market did n't continuing to drop , the benefits of a lower dollar may well dominated ." )

Input: But the experience of the 1987 crash suggests the Fed is likely to bring down short - term interest rates in its effort to calm markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That was n't the case in 1987 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was n't the case in 1987 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S .." , " That was n't the Case in 1987 , when the dollars was so strong that some government officials seriously worried That it might collapsed , producing anxiety among foreign investor and diminishing their flow offoreign capital tothe U.s .." )

Input: Another big difference between 1987 and 1989 is n't so comforting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly and for a short period of time , recalls Mr. Zarnowitz , a longtime student of business cycles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly , recalls Mr. Zarnowitz , a longtime student of business cycles ." , " Consumer spending may drop in a short period of time , says Mr. Varnowitz , a longtime reader of business cycle ." )

Input: -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe than some had feared ." , " -LCL- Theeffects -RCb- were far less severethan some had expected .",'-LCRB- The Effects -RC b- were less prolonged than some have feared ." , "-LCB- the effects -RRB- are less prolonged over some had even expected ." )

Input: Today , he frets , exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week and if consumers retrench in reaction .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today , he frets , exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week ." , " Tomorrow , he Frets , exp and business Investment spending may been insufficient to picking up the full if consumers retrench in reaction ." )

Input: But , in the process , the Fed risks reigniting inflation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even before Friday 's events , Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets , banks and highly leveraged corporations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses , consumers and foreign investors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses ." , " The economy is , however , depend on a confidence of consumers .",'The economy includes , however ) depend on an confidence of foreign investors ." )

Input: A 190 - point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash and the subsequent Depression .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash ." , " Two years earlier , about a very point of compare was the subsequent Depression ." )

Input: This could be the first of five or six down quarters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This could be the first of five down quarters ." , " This could also be the last of six down quarter ." )

Input: Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging and housewares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging ." , " Although Dow has aggressive diversified beyond specialty chemicals or pharmaceuticals , the company also has a huge stake inpolyethylen , which are used in housewares ." )

Input: Analysts'third - quarter estimates for the Midland , Mich. , company are between $ 3.20 a share and $ 3.30 a share , compared with $ 3.36 a year ago , when profit was $ 632 million on sales of $ 4.15 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better , says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You will find the commodities off more than the others , says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst ." COORDINATION(" You Will find the diversified companies about even , saysJames Wilbur , a Smith Stanley analyst ." , " You will finding the diversifying companies about slightly better , says Jim Wilbur )

Input: Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments , fibers and polymers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments ." , " Du Pont co. has thought to having had steady Profit growth in fibers .",'Du PontCo . is believed to haveHad steady profit Growth in polymers ." )

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share , on sales of $ 7.99 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter , the company earned $ 461 million , on sales of $ 7.99 billion ." , " In the 88 third quarter , the company earn $ 1.91 a share , on selling of $ seven.99 million ." )

Input: Monsanto Co. , too , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe and the western U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Muni Co. , too , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe ." , " Munmi Co. )

Input: Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year , but Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year ." , " Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989 ." )

Input: Most estimates for Monsanto run between $ 1.70 and $ 2 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A year ago , the company posted third - quarter profit of $ 116 million , or $ 1.67 a share , on sales of $ 2.02 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A year ago , the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million , on sales of $ 2.02 billion ." , " A year earlier , the company posted fourth-quarter Profit of $ 1.67 a share , on selling of $ 2.02 million ." )

Input: But the commodity - chemical producers are caught on the downside of a pricing cycle .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By some accounts on Wall Street and in the industry , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" by some accounts on Wall Street , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand ." , " By some accounts in the industry , the production reductions are nearly an end , which may Presage firer demand ." )

Input: But doubters say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early 1990s .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene , whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply ." COORDINATION(" HIMont faces Lower prices for Its mainstay products , poly Propylene , when it goes ahead with a heavily capital investment plan to develop new uses for polyprophene , whose markets include the packaging industries ." , " HIMONT faces lower Prices for its principalstay product , polypropia , whileit goes forward With a heavy Capital investment program toward develop new use for polyPropylene , whosemarkets include the automobile industries ." ))

Input: At Quantum Chemical Corp. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene , higher debt costs and the idling of an important plant due to an explosion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Quantum Chemical Corp. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene ." , " At Quantum chemical Corp. : New York , the trouble Is higher debt costs .",'At Quantumchemical Corp. ) New York : the trouble includes the idling of an important plant due to an explosion ." )

Input: But the estimates range from break - even to 35 cents a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , Quantum earned $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter , Quantum earned $ 99.8 million , on sales of $ 724.4 million ." , " In the 88 third quarter )

Input: Another big polyethylene producer , Union Carbide Corp. , is expected to post profit of between $ 1 a share and $ 1.25 , compared with $ 1.56 a share a year earlier , when the company earned $ 213 million on sales of $ 2.11 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont , Quantum and Union Carbide all declined to comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shimont all declined to comment ." , " Quantum all declined at comment ." ." Union Carbide all declined on comment ." )

Input: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non - U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : " , " The Following were among Saturday 's offering and pricINGS in the United . S.- capital markets , with terms & syndicate managers , as produced by DowJones Capital Markets report : " )

Input: Rated single - A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single - A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the non - callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ." , " double-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , The non- callable issue has be sold by underwriters leading by Merrill Merrill Lynch capital Markets ." )

Input: Rated Baa-1 by Moody 's and triple - B - plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated Baa-1 by Moody 's , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co." , " triple-B-plus by S&P , theissue will be sell through underwriter led byMorgan Stanley & co." )

Input: Among classes for which details were available , yields ranged from 8.78 % , or 75 basis points over two - year Treasury securities , to 10.05 % , or 200 basis points over 10 - year Treasurys .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Among classes for which details were available , yields ranged from 8.78 % over two-year Treasury securities , to 10.05 % , or 200 basis points over 10-year Treasurys ." )

Input: The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest - only and principal - only securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest-only and principal-only securities ." )

Input: Freddie Mac said the principal - only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Freddie Mac said the principal-only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model ." )

Input: There were no major Eurobond or foreign bond offerings in Europe Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There were no major Eurobond offerings in Europe Friday ." , " There were No major foreign bond offerings in European Friday ." )

