#Whenever an employer faces shortage of skills among the locally available workers , the act created provision to employ better skilled workers available outside the state .
SUB/CONDITION('An employer faces shortage of skills among the locally available workers .', SUB/PURPOSE('The act created provision .','This was to employ better skilled workers available outside the state .'))
#A workman who has been employed for over a year can only be dismissed if permission is sought from and granted by the appropriate government office.
SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a workman who has been employed for over a year can only be dismissed .','If permission is sought from and granted by the appropriate government office .')
#To acquire status as a CTUO , a trade union federation must have a verified membership of at least 500,000 workers who are spread over a minimum of four states and four industries ( including agriculture ) .The compact committee which was constituted in February 1977 , recommended the enactment of a separate central legislation to regulate the employment of interstate migrant workers as it was felt the provisions of the Contract Labour ( Regulation and Abolition ) Act 1970 , [ 1 ] even after necessary amendments would not adequately take care of the variety of malpractices indulged in by the principal employers/contractors/Sardars/Khatedars etc .
SUB/PURPOSE('This was to acquire status as a CTUO .','A trade union federation must have a verified membership of at least 500,000 workers who are spread over a minimum of four states and four industries -LRB- including agriculture -RRB- . The compact committee which was constituted in February 1977 , recommended the enactment of a separate central legislation to regulate the employment of interstate migrant workers as it was felt the provisions of the Contract Labour -LRB- Regulation and Abolition -RRB- Act 1970 , -LSB- 1 -RSB- even after necessary amendments would not adequately take care of the variety of malpractices indulged in by the principal employers/contractors/Sardars / Khatedars etc .')
#The 42nd Amendment also amended Preamble and changed the description of India from `` sovereign democratic republic ',' to a `` sovereign , socialist secular democratic republic ',' , and also changed the words `` unity of the nation ',' to `` unity and integrity of the nation ',' .
CO/LIST('The 42nd Amendment also amended Preamble .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was from `` sovereign democratic republic ',' .','The 42nd Amendment also changed the description of India to a `` sovereign , socialist secular democratic republic ',' .' ), 'The 42nd Amendment also also changed the words `` unity of the nation ',' to `` unity and integrity of the nation ',' .')
#On 31 July 1980 , in its judgement on Minerva Mills v. Union of India , the Supreme Court declared two provisions of the 42nd Amendment as unconstitutional which prevent any constitutional amendment from being `` called in question in any Court on any ground ',' and accord precedence to
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was as unconstitutional .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 31 .', SUB/SPATIAL('This was in its judgement on Minerva Mills v. Union of India .','July 1980 the Supreme Court declared two provisions of the 42nd Amendment .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is from .','Two provisions of the 42nd Amendment as unconstitutional prevent any constitutional amendment .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was on any ground ',' and accord precedence to .','Two provisions of the 42nd Amendment as unconstitutional were being `` called in question in any Court .')))))
#the Directive Principles of State Policy over the Fundamental Rights of
NONE
#individuals respectively.
NONE
#The Code on Wages Bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha on 10 August 2017 by the Minister of State for Labour and Employment ( Independent Charge ) , Santosh Gangwar.
SUB/ELABORATION('Bill was The Code on Wages .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Santosh Gangwar was State for Labour and Employment -LRB- Independent Charge -RRB- .','Bill was introduced in the Lok Sabha on 10 August 2017 by the Minister of State for Labour and Employment -LRB- Independent Charge -RRB- .'))
#The promulgation of Employees ' State Insurance Act , 1948 envisaged an integrated need based social insurance scheme that would protect the interest of workers in contingencies such as sickness , maternity , temporary or permanent physical disablement , death due to employment injury resulting in loss of wages or earning capacity.
SUB/ELABORATION('Employees ' State Insurance Act was 1948 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sickness were maternity , temporary or permanent physical disablement .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sickness was death due to employment injury .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Employment injury was resulting in loss of wages .','Employment injury was resulting in loss of earning capacity .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The promulgation of Employees ' State Insurance Act envisaged an integrated need .','An integrated need was based social insurance scheme .' ), ', Social insurance scheme would protect the interest of workers in contingencies such as sickness , maternity , temporary or permanent physical disablement .')))))
#It was held by the Supreme Court of India in Indian Hume Pipe Co Ltd v Its Workmen that the general principle underlying a gratuity scheme is that by service over a long period the employee is entitled to claim a certain amount as a retirement benefit.
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Indian Hume Pipe Co Ltd .','Indian Hume Pipe Co Ltd was v Its Workmen .' )SUB/ELABORATION('The general principle underlying a gratuity scheme is .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a retirement benefit .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was by service over a long period .','The employee is entitled to claim a certain amount .' ), 'It was held by the Supreme Court of India .'))))
#The Payment of Gratuity Act was passed by the Parliament of India on 21  August 1972 and it came into force on 16 September 1972 .
CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 21 .','The Payment of Gratuity Act was passed by the Parliament of India August 1972 .' ), 'It came into force on 16 September 1972 .')
#The Caste Disabilities Removal Act, 1850, was a law passed in British India under East India Company rule, that abolished all laws affecting the rights of people converting to another religion or caste.
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Caste Disabilities Removal Act was 1850 .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Caste Disabilities Removal Act was a law .','A law was passed in British India under East India Company rule .' )CO/LIST('East India Company rule abolished all laws .', SUB/ELABORATION('East India Company rule was affecting the rights of people .','People were converting to another religion or caste .'))))
#As per the Child and Adolescent Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act, 1986, amended in 2016 ("CLPR Act"), a "Child" is defined as any person below the age of 14, and the CLPR Act prohibits employment of a Child in any employment including as a domestic help.
CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('Adolescent Labour -LRB- Prohibition and Regulation -RRB- Act were 1986 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Child amended in 2016 -LRB- `` CLPR Act ',' -RRB- .','Adolescent Labour -LRB- Prohibition and Regulation -RRB- Act amended in 2016 -LRB- `` CLPR Act ',' -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was below the age of 14 .','A `` Child ',' is defined as any person .' )SUB/ELABORATION('Adolescent Labour -LRB- Prohibition and Regulation -RRB- Act are 1986 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The Child amended in 2016 -LRB- `` CLPR Act ',' -RRB- .','Adolescent Labour -LRB- Prohibition and Regulation -RRB- Act amended in 2016 -LRB- `` CLPR Act ',' -RRB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is including as a domestic help .','The CLPR Act prohibits employment of a Child in any employment .'))))))
#Some child rights activists argue that child labour must include every child who is not in school because he or she is a hidden child worker.
SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some child rights activists argue .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Child labour must include every child .', SUB/CAUSE('Every child is not in school .','He or she is a hidden child worker .')))
#Gratuity shall be payable to an employee on termination of employment after he has rendered continuous service for not less than five years in a single organisation.
SUB/TEMPORAL('Gratuity shall be payable to an employee on termination of employment .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for not less than five years in a single organisation .','He has rendered continuous service .'))
#The unpaid gratuity amount is seized by government which is further used in holiday , vacations , parties and other fun related activities.
SUB/ELABORATION('The unpaid gratuity amount is seized by government .', CO/LIST('Government is further used in holiday .','Government is further used in vacations .','Government is further used in parties .','Government is further used in other fun related activities .'))
#The bill for the Constitution (Forty-second Amendment) Act, 1976 was introduced in the Lok Sabha on 1 September 1976, as the Constitution (Forty-Second Amendment) Bill, 1976 (Bill No.91 of 1976).
SUB/ELABORATION('The bill for the Constitution -LRB- Forty-second Amendment -RRB- Act was 1976 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was as the Constitution -LRB- Forty-Second Amendment -RRB- Bill .','The bill for the Constitution -LRB- Forty-second Amendment -RRB- Act was introduced in the Lok Sabha on 1 September 1976 1976 -LRB- Bill No. 91 of 1976 -RRB- .'))
#The 42nd Amendment changed the description of India from a "sovereign democratic republic" to a "sovereign, socialist secular democratic republic", and also changed the words "unity of the nation" to "unity and integrity of the nation".
CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was from a `` sovereign democratic republic ',' to a `` sovereign , socialist secular democratic republic ',' .','The 42nd Amendment changed the description of India .' ), 'The 42nd Amendment also changed the words `` unity of the nation ',' to `` unity and integrity of the nation ',' .')
#The Code on Wages, 2019, also known as the Wage Code, is an Act of the Parliament of India that consolidates the provisions of four labour laws concerning wage and bonus payments and makes universal the provisions for minimum wages and timely payment of wages for all workers in India.
SUB/ELABORATION('Wages is 2019 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Code on Wages is an Act of the Parliament of India .', CO/LIST('An Act of the Parliament of India consolidates the provisions of four labour laws concerning wage and bonus payments .', CO/LIST('An Act of the Parliament of India makes universal the provisions for minimum wages .','An Act of the Parliament of India makes timely payment of wages for all workers in India .' ), 'The Code on Wages is also known as the Wage Code .'))))
#The promulgation of Employees ' State Insurance Act , 1948 envisaged an integrated need based social insurance scheme that would protect the interest of workers in contingencies such as sickness , maternity , temporary or permanent physical disablement , death due to employment injury resulting in loss of wages or earning capacity .
SUB/ELABORATION('Employees ' State Insurance Act was 1948 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(', Sickness were maternity , temporary or permanent physical disablement .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sickness was death due to employment injury .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Employment injury was resulting in loss of wages .','Employment injury was resulting in loss of earning capacity .' )SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The promulgation of Employees ' State Insurance Act envisaged an integrated need .','An integrated need was based social insurance scheme .' ), ', Social insurance scheme would protect the interest of workers in contingencies such as sickness , maternity , temporary or permanent physical disablement .')))))
#For all employees earning ₹21,000 ( US $ 280 ) or less per month as wages , the employer contributes 3.25 % and the employee contributes 0.75 % , total share 4 % .
NONE
#This fund is managed by the ESI Corporation ( ESIC ) according to rules and regulations stipulated there in the ESI Act 1948 , which oversees the provision of medical and cash benefits to the employees and their family .
NONE
#The 42nd amendment, officially known as The Constitution (Forty-second amendment) Act, 1976, was enacted during the Emergency (25 June 1975 – 21 March 1977) by the Indian National Congress government headed by Indira Gandhi.
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the Indian National Congress government .','The Indian National Congress government was headed by Indira Gandhi .' ), 'The 42nd amendment 1976 , was enacted during the Emergency -LRB- 25 June 1975 -- 21 March 1977 -RRB- .' ), 'The 42nd amendment was officially known as The Constitution -LRB- Forty-second amendment -RRB- Act .')
#The Caste Disabilities Removal Act , 1850 , was a law passed in British India under East India Company rule , that abolished all laws affecting the rights of people converting to another religion or caste .
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Caste Disabilities Removal Act was 1850 .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Caste Disabilities Removal Act was a law .','A law was passed in British India under East India Company rule .' )CO/LIST('East India Company rule abolished all laws .', SUB/ELABORATION('East India Company rule was affecting the rights of people .','People were converting to another religion or caste .'))))
#The Caste Disabilities Removal Act, 1850 is enacted as follows: —
SUB/ELABORATION('This was 1850 .','The Caste Disabilities Removal Act is enacted as follows : -- .')
#So much of any law or usage now in force within the territories subject to the government of the East India Company as inflicts on any person forfeiture of rights or property, or may be held in any way to impair or affect any right of inheritance, by reason of his or her renouncing, or having been excluded from the communion of, any religion, or being deprived of caste, shall cease to be enforced as law in the Courts of the East India Company, and in the Courts established by Royal Charter within the said territories.
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the Courts of the East India Company , and in the Courts .','The Courts were established by Royal Charter within the said territories .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was by reason of his or her renouncing , or having been excluded from the communion of .',', So much of any law or usage now in force within the territories subject to the government of the East India Company as inflicts on any person forfeiture of rights or property , or may be held in any way to impair or affect any right of inheritance , any religion , or being deprived of caste , shall cease to be enforced as law .'))
#Children between age of 14 and 18 are defined as `` Adolescent ',' and the law allows Adolescent to be employed except in the listed hazardous occupation and processes which include mining , inflammable substance and explosives related work and any other hazardous process as per the Factories Act , 1948 .
CO/LIST(', Children between age of 14 and 18 are defined as `` Adolescent ',' .', SUB/ELABORATION('The Factories Act was 1948 .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('The law allows Adolescent to be employed except in the listed hazardous occupation and processes .','The law allows Adolescent to be employed except in inflammable substance and explosives related work .','The law allows Adolescent to be employed except in any other hazardous process as per the Factories Act .' ), 'Processes include mining .')))
#The Constitution of India prohibits child labour in hazardous industries ( but not in non-hazardous industries ) as a Fundamental Right under Article 24 .
SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a Fundamental Right under Article 24 .','The Constitution of India prohibits child labour in hazardous industries -LRB- but not in non-hazardous industries -RRB- .')
#UNICEF estimates that India with its larger population , has the highest number of labourers in the world under 14 years of age , while sub-Saharan African countries have the highest percentage of children who are deployed as child labourers .
SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what UNICEF estimates .', CO/CONTRAST('India with its larger population , has the highest number of labourers in the world under 14 years of age .', SUB/ELABORATION(', Sub-Saharan African countries have the highest percentage of children .',', Children are deployed as child labourers .')))
#The International Labour Organization estimates that agriculture , at 60 percent , is the largest employer of child labour in the world , [ 10 ] while the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization estimates 70 % of child labour is deployed in agriculture and related activities .
SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('-LSB- 10 -RSB- while the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization estimates 70 % of child labour is deployed in agriculture were the world .','Related activities were the world .' )SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the International Labour Organization estimates .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is at 60 percent .','Agriculture is the largest employer of child labour in the world .')))
#Outside of agriculture , child labour is observed in almost all informal sectors of the Indian economy .
SUB/ELABORATION('This was outside of agriculture .',', Child labour is observed in almost all informal sectors of the Indian economy .')
#The companies claim they have strict policies against selling products made by underage children for their own profit , but there are many links in a supply chain making it difficult to oversee them all .
CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the companies claim .', SUB/ELABORATION('They have strict policies against selling products .',', Selling products were made by underage children for their own profit .' )SUB/ELABORATION('There are many links in a supply chain .','A supply chain is making it difficult to oversee them all .')))
#A child, suggests UNICEF, is involved in child labour activities if between 5 and 11 years of age, he or she did at least one hour of economic activity or at least 28 hours of domestic work in a week, and in case of children between 12 and 14 years of age, he or she did at least 14 hours of economic activity or at least 42 hours of economic activity and domestic work per week.
SUB/ELABORATION(', Suggests UNICEF was a child .', SUB/ELABORATION(CO/DISJUNCTION('Between 5 and 11 years of age were he .','Between 5 and 11 years of age were she .' )CO/LIST(SUB/CONDITION('A child is involved in child labour activities .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a week .', CO/DISJUNCTION('Between 5 and 11 years of age did at least one hour of economic activity .','Between 5 and 11 years of age did at least 28 hours of domestic work .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was in case of children between 12 and 14 years of age .', CO/DISJUNCTION('He or she did at least 14 hours of economic activity .','He or she did at least 42 hours of economic activity and domestic work per week .')))))))
#A `` Child ',' is defined as any person below the age of 14 and the CLPR Act prohibits employment of a Child in any employment including as a domestic help ( except helping own family in non-hazardous occupations ) .
CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was below the age of 14 .','A `` Child ',' is defined as any person .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is including as a domestic help -LRB- except helping own family in non-hazardous occupations -RRB- .','The CLPR Act prohibits employment of a Child in any employment .'))
#The Code on Wages , 2019 , also known as the Wage Code , is an Act of the Parliament of India that consolidates the provisions of four labour laws concerning wage and bonus payments and makes universal the provisions for minimum wages and timely payment of wages for all workers in India .
SUB/ELABORATION('Wages is 2019 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('The Code on Wages is an Act of the Parliament of India .', CO/LIST('An Act of the Parliament of India consolidates the provisions of four labour laws concerning wage and bonus payments .', CO/LIST('An Act of the Parliament of India makes universal the provisions for minimum wages .','An Act of the Parliament of India makes timely payment of wages for all workers in India .' ), 'The Code on Wages is also known as the Wage Code .'))))
#The Code on Wages, 2019 repeals and replaces the Payment of Wages Act, 1936, the Minimum Wages Act, 1948, the Payment of Bonus Act, 1965, and the Equal Remuneration Act, 1976.
SUB/ELABORATION('Wages is 2019 .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('Wages Act is 1936 .','Wages Act is the Minimum Wages Act .','Wages Act is 1948 .','Wages Act is the Payment of Bonus Act .','Wages Act is 1965 .','Wages Act is the Equal Remuneration Act .' ), 'Wages Act are 1976 .' )CO/LIST('The Code on Wages repeals and replaces the Payment of Wages Act .','The Code on Wages repeals and replaces the Payment of 1936 .','The Code on Wages repeals and replaces the Payment of the Minimum Wages Act .','The Code on Wages repeals and replaces the Payment of 1948 .','The Code on Wages repeals and replaces the Payment of the Payment of Bonus Act .','The Code on Wages repeals and replaces the Payment of 1965 .','The Code on Wages repeals and replaces the Payment of the Equal Remuneration Act .')))
#Gangwar added that existing labour laws only governed payment of wages for about 40 % of the labour force and the Code on Wages would extend coverage to the entire labour force irrespective of sector or wage ceiling .
NONE
#The fund is managed by the Employees ' State Insurance Corporation ( ESIC ) according to rules and regulations stipulated in the ESI Act 1948 .
NONE
#Employees ' State Insurance Corporation ( ESIC ) , established by ESI Act , is an autonomous corporation under Ministry of Labour and Employment , Government of India .
SUB/ELABORATION('Ministry of Labour and Employment are Government of India .', SUB/ELABORATION('Employees ' State Insurance Corporation -LRB- ESIC -RRB- is an autonomous corporation under Ministry of Labour and Employment .','Employees ' State Insurance Corporation -LRB- ESIC -RRB- is established by ESI Act .'))
#As it is a legal entity, the ESI corporation can raise loans and take measures for discharging such loans with the prior sanction of the central government and it can acquire both movable and immovable property and all incomes from the property shall vest with the corporation.
CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('It is a legal entity .', CO/LIST('The ESI corporation can raise loans .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for .','The ESI corporation can take measures .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the prior sanction of the central government .','The ESI corporation is discharging such loans .' )CO/LIST('It can acquire both movable and immovable property .','All incomes from the property shall vest with the corporation .')))))
#The corporation can set up hospitals either independently or in collaboration with state government or other private entities, but most of the dispensaries and hospitals are run by concerned state governments.
CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is with state government or other private entities .','The corporation can set up hospitals either independently or in collaboration .' ), 'Most of the dispensaries and hospitals are run by concerned state governments .')
#As per the section 46 of the ESI Act, 1948, six benefits[7] are envisaged to its subscribers.
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('1948 is six benefits .',', Six benefits are -lsb- 7 -RSB- .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as per the section 46 of the ESI Act .','1948 are envisaged to its subscribers .'))
#1- Medical benefit
NONE
#2- Sickness benefit
NONE
#3- Maternity benefit
NONE
#4- Disablement benefit
NONE
#5- Dependants benefit
NONE
#6- funeral expenses
NONE
#For all employees earning ₹21,000 (US$260) or less per month as wages, the employer contributes 3.25% and the employee contributes 0.75%, total share 4%.
NONE
#The employees registered under the scheme are entitled to medical treatment for themselves and their dependents , unemployment cash benefit in certain contingencies and maternity benefit in case of women employees .
CO/LIST('The employees registered under the scheme are entitled to medical treatment for themselves and their dependents .','The employees registered under the scheme are entitled to unemployment cash benefit in certain contingencies .','The employees registered under the scheme are entitled to maternity benefit in case of women employees .')
#In case of employment-related disablement or death , there is provision for a disablement benefit and a family pension respectively .
SUB/ELABORATION('This is in case of employment-related disablement or death .', CO/LIST('There is provision for a disablement benefit respectively .','There is provision for a family pension respectively .'))
#The Payment of Gratuity Act was passed by the Parliament of India on 21 August 1972 and it came into force on 16 September 1972 .
CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was on 21 .','The Payment of Gratuity Act was passed by the Parliament of India August 1972 .' ), 'It came into force on 16 September 1972 .')
#If the number of employee is below 10 , the employer must still pay gratuities .
SUB/CONDITION('The number of employee is below 10 .','The employer must still pay gratuities .')
#The act does not applies to apprentices and persons who hold civil posts under the Central Government or State Governments and are subjected to any other act or rule other than this act .
CO/DISJUNCTION(SUB/ELABORATION('The act does not applies to apprentices and persons .', CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the Central Government or State Governments .','Apprentices and persons hold civil posts .' ), 'Apprentices and persons are subjected to any other act .' ), 'The act does not rule other than this act .'))
#Gratuity shall be payable to an employee on termination of employment after he has rendered continuous service for not less than five years in a single organisation .
SUB/TEMPORAL('Gratuity shall be payable to an employee on termination of employment .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for not less than five years in a single organisation .','He has rendered continuous service .'))
#The unpaid gratuity amount is seized by government which is further used in holiday , vacations , parties and other fun related activities .
SUB/ELABORATION('The unpaid gratuity amount is seized by government .', CO/LIST('Government is further used in holiday .','Government is further used in vacations .','Government is further used in parties .','Government is further used in other fun related activities .'))
#Industrial Relations Code, 2020 introduced more conditions for workers to strike, alongside an increase in the threshold relating to layoffs and retrenchment in industrial establishments having 300 workers from 100 workers to provide more flexibility to employers for hiring and firing workers without government permission.
SUB/ELABORATION('Industrial Relations Code were 2020 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for workers .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to strike .', SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the threshold .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was alongside an increase .','Industrial Relations Code introduced more conditions .' )CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This was in industrial establishments .','The threshold was relating to layoffs and retrenchment .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This was without government permission .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was to employers for hiring and firing workers .','The threshold was having 300 workers from 100 workers to provide more flexibility .'))))))))
#The Industrial Relations Code Bill, 2020 proposed for amalgamating, simplifying and rationalising the relevant provisions of three Acts.
NONE
#If over 50 per cent of a company's workers take concerted casual leave, it will be treated as a strike.
SUB/CONDITION('Over 50 per cent of a company 's workers take concerted casual leave .','It will be treated as a strike .')
#However, workers cannot go on strike without a 14 days (not exceeding 60 days) notice.
SUB/ELABORATION('This is without a 14 days .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','Workers can not go on strike -LRB- not exceeding 60 days -RRB- notice .'))
#The  Inter-state Migrant Workmen Act 's purpose was to protect workers whose services are requisitioned outside their native states in India .
SUB/ELABORATION('The Inter-state Migrant Workmen Act 's purpose was to protect workers .', SUB/SPATIAL('This is in India .','Workers 's services are requisitioned outside their native states .'))
#Whenever an employer faces shortage of skills among the locally available workers , the inter state migrant workmen act created provision to employ better skilled workers available outside the state .
SUB/CONDITION('An employer faces shortage of skills among the locally available workers .', SUB/PURPOSE('The inter state migrant workmen act created provision .','This was to employ better skilled workers available outside the state .'))
#National Pension System , like PPF and EPF is an EEE ( Exempt-Exempt-Exempt ) instrument in India where the entire corpus escapes tax at maturity and entire pension withdrawal amount is tax-free .
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is like PPF and EPF .','National Pension System is an EEE -LRB- Exempt-Exempt-Exempt -RRB- instrument in India .' ), 'The entire corpus escapes tax at maturity and entire pension withdrawal amount is tax-free .')
#NPS started with the decision of the Government of India to stop defined benefit pensions for all its employees who joined after 1 April 2004 .
SUB/PURPOSE('NPS started with the decision of the Government of India .','This was to stop defined benefit pensions for all its employees who joined after 1 April 2004 .')
#While the scheme was initially designed for government employees only , NPS was opened up for all citizens of India between the age of 18 and 65 in 2009 , for OCI card holders and PIO 's in October 2019 .
CO/CONTRAST('The scheme was initially designed for government employees only .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 2009 .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was for OCI card holders .', CO/LIST('NPS was opened up for all citizens of India between the age of 18 and 65 .','NPS was opened up for all citizens of India between PIO 's in October 2019 .'))))
#As per the revised norms , any Indian Citizen , resident or non-resident and Overseas Citizen of India ( OCI ) between the age of 65–70 years can join NPS and continue or defer their NPS Account up to the age of 75 years .
CO/LIST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is as per the revised norms .', CO/LIST('Any Indian Citizen can join NPS .','Resident or non-resident can join NPS .','Overseas Citizen of India -LRB- OCI -RRB- between the age of 65 -- 70 years can join NPS .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is as per the revised norms .', CO/LIST('Any Indian Citizen can continue or defer their NPS Account up to the age of 75 years .','Resident or non-resident can continue or defer their NPS Account up to the age of 75 years .','Overseas Citizen of India -LRB- OCI -RRB- between the age of 65 -- 70 years can continue or defer their NPS Account up to the age of 75 years .'))))
#NPS is considered one of the best tax saving instruments, after 40% of the corpus was made tax-free at the time of maturity and it is ranked just below equity-linked savings scheme.
NONE
#One can withdraw 20 percent of the corpus before 60 years but he/she must buy annuity with 80 percent of the corpus .
CO/CONTRAST(SUB/ELABORATION('This is before 60 years .','One can withdraw 20 percent of the corpus .' )SUB/ELABORATION('This is with 80 percent of the corpus .','He/she must buy annuity .'))
#In 2016 , the NPS allowed withdrawal of up to 25 % of contributions for specified reasons , if the scheme is at least 3 years old with certain conditions .
SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the NPS allowed withdrawal of up to 25 % of contributions for specified reasons in 2016 .','If the scheme is at least 3 years old with certain conditions .')
#One can withdraw the complete amount if the pension collected is less than INR 5,00,000 .
SUB/CONDITION('One can withdraw the complete amount .','The pension collected is less than INR 5,00,000 .')
#NREGA act was passed in 23 August 2005 [ 1 ] under the UPA government of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh following tabling of the bill in parliament by the Minister for Rural Development Raghuvansh Prasad Singh .
SUB/ELABORATION('Manmohan Singh was Prime Minister .', SUB/ELABORATION('Raghuvansh Prasad Singh was Rural Development .','NREGA act was passed in 23 August 2005 -LSB- 1 -RSB- under the UPA government of Manmohan Singh following tabling of the bill in parliament by the Minister for Raghuvansh Prasad Singh .'))
#NREGA aims to enhance livelihood security in rural areas by providing at least 100 days of wage employment in a financial year to at least one member of every household whose adult members volunteer to do unskilled manual work .
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is by providing at least 100 days of wage employment in a financial year to at least one member of every household .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is in rural areas .','NREGA aims to enhance livelihood security .' ), 'Every household 's adult members volunteer to do unskilled manual work .'))
#Employment is to be provided within 5 km of an applicant 's residence , and minimum wages are to be paid .
CO/LIST('Employment is to be provided within 5 km of an applicant 's residence .','Minimum wages are to be paid .')
#If work is not provided within 15 days of applying , applicants are entitled to an unemployment allowance .
SUB/CONDITION('Work is not provided within 15 days of applying .','Applicants are entitled to an unemployment allowance .')
#If the government fails to provide employment , it has to provide certain unemployment allowances to those people .
SUB/CONDITION('The government fails to provide employment .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to those people .','It has to provide certain unemployment allowances .'))
#The NREGA law lists permissible works : water conservation and water harvesting ; drought proofing including afforestation ; irrigation works ; restoration of traditional water bodies ; land development ; flood control ; rural connectivity ; and works notified by the government .
CO/LIST('The NREGA law lists permissible works .','The NREGA law lists water conservation .','The NREGA law lists water harvesting ; drought proofing including afforestation ; irrigation works ; restoration of traditional water bodies ; land development ; flood control ; rural connectivity ; and works notified by the government .')
#Unemployment allowance must be paid if the work is not provided within the statutory limit of 15 days .
SUB/CONDITION('Unemployment allowance must be paid .','The work is not provided within the statutory limit of 15 days .')
#The law stipulates Gram Panchayats to have a single bank account for NREGA works which shall be subjected to public scrutiny .
SUB/ELABORATION('The law stipulates Gram Panchayats to have a single bank account for NREGA works .','A single bank account for NREGA works shall be subjected to public scrutiny .')
#To promote transparency and accountability , the NREGA act mandates 'monthly squaring of accounts ' .
SUB/PURPOSE('This is to promote transparency and accountability .','The NREGA act mandates ` monthly squaring of accounts ' .')
#To ensure public accountability through public vigilance , the NREGA designates ‘ social audits ' as key to its implementation .
SUB/PURPOSE('This is to ensure public accountability through public vigilance .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is to its implementation .','The NREGA designates ` social audits ' as key .'))
#The most detailed part of the NREGA Act ( chapter 10 and 11 ) deals with transparency and accountability that lays out role of the state , the public vigilance and , above all , the social audits .
SUB/ELABORATION('The most detailed part of the NREGA Act -LRB- chapter 10 and 11 -RRB- deals with transparency and accountability .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is above all .', CO/LIST('Transparency and accountability lays out role of the state .','Transparency and accountability lays out role of the public vigilance .','Transparency and accountability lays out role of the social audits .')))
#For evaluation of outcomes , the law also requires management of data and maintenance of records , like registers related to employment , job cards , assets , muster rolls and complaints , by the implementing agencies at the village , block and state level .
SUB/ELABORATION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for evaluation of outcomes .', SUB/ELABORATION('This is like registers .','The law also requires management of data and maintenance of records .' )SUB/ELABORATION(CO/LIST('This was by the implementing agencies at the village .','This was by the implementing agencies at block .','This was by the implementing agencies at state level .' ), 'Registers was related to employment , job cards , assets , muster rolls and complaints .')))
#The Public Provident Fund ( PPF ) is a savings-cum-tax-saving instrument in India ,introduced by the National Savings Institute of the Ministry of Finance in 1968 .
SUB/ELABORATION('The Public Provident Fund -LRB- PPF -RRB- is a savings-cum-tax-saving instrument in India .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1968 .','A savings-cum-tax-saving instrument in India was introduced by the National Savings Institute of the Ministry of Finance .'))
#The main objective of the PPF scheme is to mobilize small savings by offering an investment with reasonable returns combined with income tax benefits .
SUB/ELABORATION('This was by offering an investment with reasonable returns combined with income tax benefits .','The main objective of the PPF scheme is to mobilize small savings .')
#The legislation specifies the role of the state in ensuring transparency and accountability through upholding the right to information and disclosing information proactively, preparation of annual reports by the Central Employment Guarantee Council for the Parliament and State Employment Guarantee Councils for state legislatures, undertaking mandatory financial audits by each district along with physical audit, taking action on audit reports, developing a Citizen's Charter, establishing vigilance and monitoring committees, and developing a grievance redressal system.
CO/LIST('The legislation specifies the role of the state in ensuring transparency and accountability through upholding the right to information and disclosing information proactively , undertaking mandatory financial audits by each district along with physical audit , taking action on audit reports , developing a Citizen 's Charter , establishing vigilance and monitoring committees , and developing a grievance redressal system .','The legislation specifies the role of the state in ensuring transparency and accountability through upholding the right to information and disclosing preparation of annual reports by the Central Employment Guarantee Council for the Parliament , undertaking mandatory financial audits by each district along with physical audit , taking action on audit reports , developing a Citizen 's Charter , establishing vigilance and monitoring committees , and developing a grievance redressal system .'