Input: Bell , based in Los Angeles , makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bell makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products .','Bell is based in Los Angeles .')

Input: The proposed changes also would allow executives to report exercises of options later and less often .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But about 25 % of the insiders , according to SEC figures , file their reports late .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to SEC figures .','But about 25 % of the insiders file their reports late .')

Input: Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately , not a month later .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The fund also might buy and sell futures and options contracts , subject to approval by the New York State Insurance Department .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is subject to approval by the New York State Insurance Department .','The fund also might buy and sell futures and options contracts .')

Input: Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was under two new features .','Participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds .')

Input: The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a stock fund , an annuity and a money-market fund .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a stock fund .','The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to an annuity .','The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a money-market fund .')

Input: Solo woodwind players have to be creative if they want to work a lot , because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(', Solo woodwind players have to be creative , because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited .','They want to work a lot .')

Input: He believes in what he plays , and he plays superbly .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He believes in what he plays .','He plays superbly .')

Input: And so it went through the first half : an ingeniously chosen potpourri of pieces , none longer than five minutes , none that would disturb or challenge a listener .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for warm and fuzzy feelings .','That went over the permissible line .')

Input: Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Managers and presenters insist that chamber music concerts are a hard sell , but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements , served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment .','Light entertainment was no substitute for an evening of Brahms .')

Input: This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is the U.N. group .','The U.N. group managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture .')

Input: But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But we can think of many reasons .','This is to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond .')

Input: UNESCO somehow converted the founding U.N. ideals of individual rights and liberty into peoples ' rights .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was into peoples ' rights .','UNESCO())

Input: Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament and the impact of the activities of transnational corporations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament .','Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as ethical responsibilities of scientists in the impact of the activities of transnational corporations .')

Input: Glasnost may be partly responsible , but Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze last year admitted , The exaggerated ideological approach undermined tolerance intrinsic to UNESCO .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eduard Shevardnadze was Soviet Foreign Minister .','Glasnost())

Input: Soviets remain in charge of education programs , a former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture , and a hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Soviets remain in charge of education programs .','A former head of an African military tribunal for executions is in charge of culture .','A hard-line Polish communist in exile directs the human-rights and peace division .')

Input: We can see plenty of reasons to stay out , and none to rejoin UNESCO .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We can see plenty of reasons to stay out .','We())

Input: On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a commercial scale .','The sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains .')

Input: A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as cotton , soybeans and rice .','A similar technique is almost impossible to apply to other crops .')

Input: The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible .','The plants are springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds .')

Input: Robert Erwin , president of Biosource , called Plant Genetic 's approach interesting and novel , and complementary rather than competitive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Erwin was president of Biosource .','Robert Erwin called Plant Genetic 's approach interesting and novel , and complementary rather than competitive .')

Input: A bitter conflict with global implications has erupted between Nomura Securities Co. and Industrial Bank of Japan , two of the world 's most powerful financial companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Japan was two of the world 's most powerful financial companies .','A bitter conflict with global implications has erupted between Nomura Securities Co. and Industrial Bank of Japan .')

Input: Not only can they block Wellington from raising money in Japan , bankers here say , but as the largest underwriters in the Eurobond market , they might be able to scuttle borrowings there , too .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals .','This is to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other .')

Input: And their suspicions of each other run deep .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He will be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He will be in charge of research .','He will be in equity sales and trading .','He will be in the syndicate operation of Rothschild .')

Input: Mr. Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Conlon was Mr. .',', Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co .')

Input: One hundred and ninety two former greats , near greats , hardly knowns and unknowns begin a 72-game , three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One hundred begin a 72-game , three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida .','Ninety two former greats , near greats , hardly knowns and unknowns begin a 72-game , three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida .')

Input: And not just for the players .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He gave up seven hits .','He walked five .','He did n't get a decision .')

Input: These days he hustles to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('These days he hustles to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after .','These days he is training with the Tropics .')

Input: While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('While sipping a beer after practice .','This is what he recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 .')

Input: But the ballplayers disagree .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('-LRB- No one has worked out the players ' average age . -RRB- .','-LRB- most appear to be in their late 30s . -RRB- .')

Input: And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And expect slower fastballs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The separate contracts were from Paragould Light & Water Commission , a utility in Paragould , Ark. , and PSE Inc. , a cogeneration-plant operator in Houston .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paragould Light & Water Commission was a utility in Paragould , Ark. , and PSE Inc. , a cogeneration-plant operator in Houston .','The separate contracts were from Paragould Light & Water Commission .')

Input: Stewart & Stevenson makes equipment powered with diesel and gas turbines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stewart & Stevenson makes equipment .','Equipment was powered with diesel and gas turbines .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: GDP is the total value of a nation 's output of goods and services .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. was dropped , effective today , from the recreational products and services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was effective today .',', Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. was dropped from the recreational products and services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index .')

Input: But it is n't clear how long GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it is n't clear .','GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar .')

Input: Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add .','Fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management .')

Input: Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Our intensive discussions with Jaguar , at their invitation , GM said , have as their objectives to create a cooperative business relationship with Jaguar that would provide for the continued independence of this great British car company , to ensure a secure future for its employees and to provide an attractive long-term return for its shareholders .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Our intensive discussions with Jaguar , at their invitation , GM said , have as their objectives .','This was to create a cooperative business relationship with Jaguar that would provide for the continued independence of this great British car company , to ensure a secure future for its employees and to provide an attractive long-term return for its shareholders .')

Input: SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what SFE Technologies said .','William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker .')

Input: But other sectors failed to attract investor interest and remained sluggish , making overall trading appear mixed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But trading was very sketchy , as investment decision makers remain wary from gyrations and upsets of recent weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But trading was very sketchy .','Investment decision makers remain wary from gyrations and upsets of recent weeks .')

Input: Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The new machines are capable of sorting by zip code up to 10,000 large flat mail pieces , including magazines and parcels , an hour .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is including magazines and parcels .','The new machines are capable of sorting by zip code up to 10,000 large flat mail pieces an hour .')

Input: The average yield on a six-month CD of $ 50,000 or less was 7.90 % , compared with 7.94 % a week earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was compared with 7.94 % a week earlier .','The average yield on a six-month CD of $ 50,000 or less was 7.90 % .')

Input: But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Market interest rates move up rapidly .','But , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag .')

Input: I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I was a last-minute -LRB- read interloping -RRB- attendee at a French journalism convention and so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I was a last-minute -LRB- read interloping -RRB- attendee at a French journalism convention .',', So far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking .')

Input: But as the French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athletics -LRB- try finding a Nautilus machine in Paris -RRB- , my fellow conventioners were having none of it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athletics -LRB- try finding a Nautilus machine in Paris -RRB- .','But , my fellow conventioners were having none of it .')

Input: But in Epinal , a gray 16th-century river town adjacent to France 's Vosges mountain region , none of these Yankee-come-lately enthusiasms for things aloft was evident .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('France 's Vosges mountain region was none of these Yankee-come-lately enthusiasms for things .','But in Epinal , a gray 16th-century river town adjacent to France 's Vosges mountain region aloft was evident .')

Input: -LRB- Balloon flights almost always occur at dawn or dusk , when the winds are lightest . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('-LRB- Balloon flights almost always occur at dawn or dusk , . -RRB- .','The winds are lightest .')

Input: After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Most balloonists seldom go higher than 2,000 feet and most average a leisurely 5-10 miles an hour .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What 's he doing ? hissed my companion , who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Our pilot simply laughed , fired up the burner and with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12-inches above the water level .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Our pilot simply laughed .','Our pilot simply fired up the burner .','Our pilot simply with another blast of flame lifted us , oh , a good 12-inches above the water level .')

Input: My American companion and I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket .
Prediction: CO/LIST('My American companion were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket .','I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket .')

Input: As we streaked by a blase gendarme , I could n't resist rearing up on my soggy loafers and saluting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We streaked by a blase gendarme .','I could n't resist rearing up on my soggy loafers and saluting .')

Input: Differences between the Treasury and the Federal Reserve on the usefulness of intervention to help restrain the dollar resurfaced at the hearing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Differences between the Treasury resurfaced at the hearing .','The Federal Reserve on the usefulness of intervention to help restrain the dollar resurfaced at the hearing .')

Input: Concerns about the pace of the Vienna talks -- which are aimed at the destruction of some 100,000 weapons , as well as major reductions and realignments of troops in central Europe -- also are being registered at the Pentagon .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Concerns about the pace of the Vienna talks -- -- also are being registered at the Pentagon .',', Concerns about the pace of the Vienna talks -- are aimed at the destruction of some 100,000 weapons , as well as major reductions and realignments of troops in central Europe .')

Input: Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms-control talks ever attempted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions .','The questions were being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms-control talks ever attempted .')

Input: But the issue is stickier than it seems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the issue is stickier .','It seems .')

Input: France , Britain and Italy all have light tanks they would like to keep out of the talks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('France , Britain and Italy all have light tanks .','They would like to keep out of the talks light tanks .')

Input: Greece and Turkey , for example , are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .','Greece and Turkey are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other .')

Input: It 's just going to be sloppy , both on our side and theirs -LCB- the Warsaw Pact 's -RCB- , says one NATO analyst .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Delivery of the first aircraft is set for early November , a second for December and two for April 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Delivery of the first aircraft is set for early November .','Delivery of the first aircraft is set for a second for December .','Delivery of the first aircraft is set for two for April 1990 .')

Input: So far this year , it has put nearly $ 700 million into bottling operations in Australia , New Zealand and France .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was into bottling operations in Australia , New Zealand and France .',', So far this year , it has put nearly $ 700 million .')

Input: And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca-Cola and other sodas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Populations are aging .','And unlike Europe and the U.S. , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca-Cola and other sodas .')

Input: A Coca-Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Coca-Cola spokesman said .','It is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction .')

Input: By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Coke was acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas .',', Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing .')

Input: American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in tobacco , distilled spirits and life insurance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in tobacco .','American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in distilled spirits .','American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in life insurance .')

Input: It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's first-mortgage bonds and secured pollution-control bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; unsecured pollution-control bonds to Baa-1 from single-A-3 ; preferred stock to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ; two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 , and the unit 's rating for commercial paper to Prime-2 from Prime-1 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The move also would allow the company to concentrate on core businesses , which include ceramic tile , floor coverings and furniture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The move also would allow the company to concentrate on core businesses .',', Core businesses include ceramic tile , floor coverings and furniture .')

Input: The carpet division had 1988 sales of $ 368.3 million , or almost 14 % of Armstrong 's $ 2.68 billion total revenue .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The carpet division had 1988 sales of $ 368.3 million .','The carpet division had 1988 sales of almost 14 % of Armstrong 's $ 2.68 billion total revenue .')

Input: So far this year , the index of leading indicators has risen in four months , fallen in four months and remained unchanged in the other month .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', So far this year , the index of leading indicators has risen in four months .',', So far this year , the index of leading indicators has fallen in four months .',', So far this year , the index of leading indicators has remained unchanged in the other month .')

Input: The declines were particularly pronounced in the Northeast and in the South , where Hurricane Hugo was a factor .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('The declines were particularly pronounced in the Northeast and in the South .','Hurricane Hugo was a factor .')

Input: The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 , but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 .','Monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators .')

Input: These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods , lead times on vendor deliveries , orders for new plant and equipment , and backlogs of orders for durable goods .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These include new orders for manufactured consumer goods .','These include lead times on vendor deliveries .','These include orders for new plant and equipment .','These include backlogs of orders for durable goods .')

Input: September , and the change from August , are : from 1.11 in the previous month .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', September are : from 1.11 in the previous month .','The change from August , are : from 1.11 in the previous month .')

Input: An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy-chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy-chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll .','It 's unlikely .')

Input: He is 37 , an astronomer with impressive credentials , and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He is 37 .','He is an astronomer with impressive credentials .','He is something of a genius at making computers do his bidding .')

Input: He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hess was the material .','He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of Hess collected .')

Input: One learns a lot from this book , or seems to , about crippling federal bureaucracy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Seems to because it 's possible that the CIA and the National Security Agency were more interested than they let on to Mr. Stoll .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stoll was Mr. .',', Seems to because it 's possible that the CIA and the National Security Agency were more interested than they let on to Stoll .')

Input: The West Germans then took over and finally found Markus Hess .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The West Germans then took over .','The West Germans then finally found Markus Hess .')

Input: Today 's agreement gives Control Data a machine to compete against Digital and other general-purpose computer makers , said John Logan , a computer-market analyst at Aberdeen Group Inc. of Boston .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Another fight is brewing between Congress and the Bush administration over how to pay for the savings-and-loan bailout without adding to the federal budget deficit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Another fight is brewing between Congress .','Another fight is the Bush administration over how to pay for the savings-and-loan bailout without adding to the federal budget deficit .')

Input: Instead , the GAO and the Congressional Budget Office said , the RTC should consider using Treasury debt , which is less expensive and subject to oversight by Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Instead , the GAO and the Congressional Budget Office said , the RTC should consider using Treasury debt .','Treasury debt is less expensive and subject to oversight by Congress .')

Input: The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is over the next three years .','The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts .')

Input: But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital .','This was what he said .')

Input: If working capital financing is not provided , he said , the RTC may have to slow -LCB- S&L sales -RCB- or dump acquired assets through fire sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was through fire sales .','If working capital financing is not provided , he said , the RTC may have to slow -LCB- S&L sales -RCB- or dump acquired assets .')

Input: Now was that a quarter cup or a half cup ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs and butter and milk .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs .','There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of butter and milk .')

Input: The split and quarterly dividend will be payable Jan. 3 to stock of record Nov. 16 , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The split and quarterly dividend will be payable Jan. 3 to stock of record Nov. 16 .','This was what the company said .')

Input: The loan is backed by Healthcare 's 5.4 % stake in HealthVest and interest in certain facilities .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The loan is backed by Healthcare 's 5.4 % stake in HealthVest .','The loan is backed by interest in certain facilities .')

Input: We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We innovated telephone redemptions .','We innovated daily dividends .','We innovated total elimination of share certificates .','We innovated the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC .')

Input: The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery to coercion and lewdness , paint a disquieting picture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to coercion and lewdness .','The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery , paint a disquieting picture .')

Input: Fear of alienating that judge is pervasive , says Maurice Geiger , founder and director of the Rural Justice Center in Montpelier , Vt. , a public interest group that researches rural justice issues .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He divorced his first wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He divorced his first wife three years ago .','He married the daughter of his court clerk .')

Input: He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania .','He has been considered several times for appointments .')

Input: And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The judge , they say , was fiercely proud of his abilities and accomplishments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But when the judge received his payment book , he disavowed the deal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The judge received his payment book .','But , he disavowed the deal .')

Input: My God and I know I am correct and innocent .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what my God and I know .','I am correct and innocent .')

Input: The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading -LRB- and must read -RRB- daily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication .','I enjoy reading -LRB- and must read -RRB- daily .')

Input: Please make me and thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels , and increase your use of recycled paper .
Prediction: NONE

Input: FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 .','If the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement .')

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: The Series 1989 A bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Series 1989 A bonds are insured .','The Series 1989 A bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: The Series 1989 B bonds are uninsured and rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bonds are insured .','The bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: The collateral consists of collateralized whole loans with a weighted average coupon rate of 11.08 % and weighted average remaining term to maturity of 28 years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The collateral consists of collateralized whole loans with a weighted average coupon rate of 11.08 % .','The collateral consists of weighted average remaining term to maturity of 28 years .')

Input: The issue is rated triple-A by S&P , Moody 's and Fitch Investors Service Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue is rated triple-A by S&P .','The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's .','The issue is rated triple-A by Fitch Investors Service Inc .')

Input: Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .','The issue will be sold through First Boston Corp .')

Input: Mason serves commercial and government customers , including the National Institutes of Health .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is including the National Institutes of Health .','Mason serves commercial and government customers .')

Input: You ca n't say it 's a tsunami -LRB- tidal wave -RRB- , but we 're making some headway , says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This year , some investors are changing their policies and investing a lot .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This year , some investors are changing their policies .','This year , some investors are investing a lot .')

Input: But other Japanese institutions say privately that they are considering asking to join the 59-dealer selling group .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what other Japanese institutions say privately .','They are considering asking to join the 59-dealer selling group .')

Input: The secondary market in federally backed mortgage securities now exceeds $ 900 billion , or nearly half of the $ 2.2 trillion in U.S. residential mortgages issued .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The secondary market in federally backed mortgage securities now exceeds $ 900 billion .','The secondary market in federally backed mortgage securities now exceeds nearly half of the $ 2.2 trillion in U.S. residential mortgages issued .')

Input: So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was with the U.S. issuers .','But they did n't lose touch .')

Input: The attitude of the Wisconsin Investment Board reflects a growing receptivity to time-limited poison pills on the part of institutional investors , as shown by the discussions at recent meetings of the Council of Institutional Investors and my informal survey of several retirement plans with large stock positions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the attitude of the Wisconsin Investment Board reflects a growing receptivity to time-limited poison pills on the part of institutional investors .','As shown by the discussions at recent meetings of the Council of Institutional Investors and my informal survey of several retirement plans with large stock positions .')

Input: Such concrete analysis is likely to lead to more fruitful dialogue between management and shareholders than the abstract debate about poison pills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Blair and Hees have been feuding for months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Blair was Mr. .','Blair and Hees have been feuding for months .')

Input: But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy , industry analysts say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy .','This is what industry analysts say .')

Input: Officials of Rockefeller Group and Mitsubishi Estate prefer to focus on the affinities , nearly dismissing the threat of a backlash from the U.S. public .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the U.S. public .','Officials of Rockefeller Group and Mitsubishi Estate prefer to focus on the affinities , nearly dismissing the threat of a backlash .')

Input: We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: First of all , it is a friendly acquisition in which Rockefeller sought out Mitsubishi Estate and asked it to buy a majority share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The core of its holdings is 190,000 square meters of incredibly expensive property in the Marunouchi district , the business and financial center of Tokyo , often jokingly called Mitsubishi Village .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The core of its holdings is 190,000 square meters of incredibly expensive property in the Marunouchi district of Tokyo , often jokingly called Mitsubishi Village .','The core of its holdings is 190,000 square meters of incredibly expensive property in the business of Tokyo , often jokingly called Mitsubishi Village .','The core of its holdings is 190,000 square meters of incredibly expensive property in financial center of Tokyo , often jokingly called Mitsubishi Village .')

Input: Its earnings can rise 10 % to 12 % annually simply from the natural turnover of tenants and automatic rent increases , says Graeme McDonald , an industry analyst at James Capel Pacific Ltd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts say the company also could easily issue new convertible bonds or warrants .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .','The company also could easily issue new convertible bonds or warrants .')

Input: Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the people familiar with the talks said that Warner is n't expected to get any cash in the settlement .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the people familiar with the talks said .','Warner is n't expected to get any cash in the settlement .')

Input: Warner has surpassed Sony as the largest record company , but it does n't have a powerful world-wide record club like CBS .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Warner has surpassed Sony as the largest record company .','It does n't have a powerful world-wide record club like CBS .')

Input: The company is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation into whether its officials and its utility subsidiaries conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation into whether its officials conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes .','The company is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation into whether its utility subsidiaries conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes .')

Input: The terms announced today are strictly between the United States and Gulf Power , said U.S. Attorney Robert L. Barr .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Government officials declined to say whether the investigation includes the ad agencies or the politicians involved .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Government officials declined to say whether the investigation includes the ad agencies involved .','Government officials declined to say whether the investigation includes the politicians involved .')

Input: But at a time of mounting concern over alcohol abuse , some liquor marketers consider Seagram 's frequent buyer promotion risky .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Seagram asks customers to buy only two or three bottles over a 12-month period , says Richard Shaw , vice president of U.S. direct marketing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Goya is selling Leche Fresca in nearly 500 grocery stores and bodegas in New York and parts of New Jersey .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Goya is selling Leche Fresca in nearly 500 grocery stores and bodegas in New York .','Goya is selling Leche Fresca in parts of New Jersey .')

Input: And it 's adding 15 to 20 new outlets a day , says Greg Ricca , sales director at La Lecheria .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the merchandise was , well , fake .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was fake .','And the merchandise was , well .')

Input: But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And jewelry makers are beginning to use many of the same marketing tricks honed in the aggressive world of cosmetics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And jewelry makers are beginning to use many of the same marketing tricks .','The same marketing tricks were honed in the aggressive world of cosmetics .')

Input: And it 's growing fast , with annual sales gains of more than 10 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with annual sales gains of more than 10 % .','And it 's growing fast .')

Input: Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions .','Jewelry makers rarely are n't expected to anytime soon .')

Input: Braumeisters Ltd. tests a beer brewed with oat bran , rather than rice or corn .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His original strategy -LRB- in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion -RRB- was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that was not to be .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Throughout the 1970s and early 1980s spokesmen for both the Unification Church and its opponents in the anticult movement gave wildly exaggerated membership figures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was throughout the 1970s and early 1980s .',', Spokesmen for both the Unification Church and its opponents in the anticult movement gave wildly exaggerated membership figures .')

Input: It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 associates .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members .','It is still common to read in the press that the church has 25,000 associates .')

Input: Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moon was Mr. .','Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts .')

Input: Defections , burnouts , and abduction deprogrammings kept member turnover high .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Defections kept member turnover high .','Burnouts kept member turnover high .','Abduction deprogrammings kept member turnover high .')

Input: European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Moon 's Tong ` Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China .',', Church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square .')

Input: In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in return .','He has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .')

Input: Mr. Shupe is co-author -LRB- with David G. Bromley -RRB- of Moonies in America : Cult , Church , and Crusade and Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shupe is Mr. .',', Shupe is co-author -LRB- with David G. Bromley -RRB- of Moonies in America : Cult , Church , and Crusade and Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare .')

Input: Spokespersons for both the trust and the company refused to comment on whether any talks with a possible acquirer of Manville had actually taken place .
Prediction: NONE

Input: All are non-Russian republics along the southern border of the Soviet Union , and all but Kirgizia have reported rioting in the past six months .
Prediction: CO/LIST('All are non-Russian republics along the southern border of the Soviet Union .','All but Kirgizia have reported rioting in the past six months .')

Input: The newspaper said it is past time for the Soviet Union to create unemployment insurance and retraining programs like those of the West .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the newspaper said .','It is past time for the Soviet Union to create unemployment insurance and retraining programs like those of the West .')

Input: An 11-week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST('An 11-week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings .','An 11-week dispute involving Australia 's 1,640 domestic pilots has crippled much of the continent 's tourist industry .')

Input: For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for instance .','The documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts .')

Input: The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law .','The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on general matters .')

Input: The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels .','The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers .')

Input: The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Employees wore identification badges listing not only their names but also their dates of hire .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Employees wore identification badges .','Employees were listing not only their names but also their dates of hire .')

Input: A rule forbidding staffers to own competitors ' cars has been lifted , and now many designers drive foreign cars to get useful ideas .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A rule forbidding staffers to own competitors ' cars has been lifted .','Now many designers drive foreign cars to get useful ideas .')

Input: But its surprising progress so far holds important lessons for companies in trouble .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for companies in trouble .','But its surprising progress so far holds important lessons .')

Input: The big one : A company 's culture ca n't be radically changed unless top management first admits that things have gone badly awry and then publicly leads the charge .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to dealerships .','Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers .')

Input: But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They arrived at the door .','But , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place .')

Input: He liked the well-lighted lobby display of Honda 's cars and trucks so much that he had Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit refurbished .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He liked the well-lighted lobby display of Honda 's cars and trucks so much that he had Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit .','Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit was refurbished .')

Input: Since then , Nissan also has launched new versions of the $ 13,249 240SX sporty coupe and 300ZX sports car .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was since then .','Nissan also has launched new versions of the $ 13,249 240SX sporty coupe and 300ZX sports car .')

Input: All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image .','All these vehicles have n't done much for its market share .')

Input: Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide .','Even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade .')

Input: The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Honda 's hugely successful Accord and Toyota 's Camry .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Honda 's hugely successful Accord .','The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Toyota 's Camry .')

Input: But this year , Honda has revamped the Accord and made it a midsized car .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But this year , Honda has revamped the Accord .','But this year , Honda made it a midsized car .')

Input: But on a new car , a rebate does n't work well because it cheapens the vehicle 's image , contends Thomas D. Mignanelli , executive vice president of Nissan 's U.S. sales arm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention because they are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention .','They are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising .')

Input: But Nissan expects to earn only 120 billion yen in the current fiscal year , a modest increase of 4.7 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The current fiscal year is a modest increase of 4.7 % .','But Nissan expects to earn only 120 billion yen in the current fiscal year .')

Input: The White House is purposely not calling the meeting a summit so that there wo n't be any expectation of detailed negotiations or agreements .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The White House is purposely not calling the meeting .','There wo n't be any expectation of detailed negotiations or agreements .')

Input: The two leaders will meet on Dec. 2 and 3 , alternating the two days of meetings between a U.S. and a Soviet naval vessel in the Mediterranean Sea .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The two leaders will meet on Dec. 2 and 3 , alternating the two days of meetings between a U.S. .','The two leaders will meet on Dec. 2 and 3 , alternating the two days of a Soviet naval vessel in the Mediterranean Sea .')

Input: The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer .','The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans .' ), 'An arms-control treaty is likely to be completed at a formal summit meeting next spring or summer .')

Input: But he added : The mere fact of a meeting does n't deal with the substance of policy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But he added .','The mere fact of a meeting does n't deal with the substance of policy .')

Input: But one Bush administration official knowledgeable about the summit plan cautioned against assuming that there will be bold new initiatives on the Soviet economy or other issues .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But one Bush administration official knowledgeable about the summit plan cautioned against assuming that there will be bold new initiatives on the Soviet economy .','But one Bush administration official knowledgeable about the summit plan cautioned against assuming that there will be bold new initiatives on other issues .')

Input: It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It 's George Bush .','George Bush is wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly .')

Input: Bank of Italy has also ordered BNL to shore up its capital base to account for potential foreign loan losses , and the Rome bank has outlined a 3 trillion lire capital-raising operation .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bank of Italy has also ordered BNL to shore up its capital base to account for potential foreign loan losses .','The Rome bank has outlined a 3 trillion lire capital-raising operation .')

Input: Of recent note are the activities of the pro- and anti-abortionists , anti-nuclear activists , animal rights protesters , college students concerned about racism , anti-apartheid groups , various self-styled environmentalists and those dissatisfied with the pace of the war against AIDS .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But most cases of non-violent civil disobedience are not nearly so benign .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Civil disobedience , violent or non-violent , is intentional law breaking .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is violent or non-violent .',', Civil disobedience is intentional law breaking .')

Input: The subject of this discussion is non-violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The subject of this discussion is non-violent civil disobedience .','But , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations .')

Input: They are useful to call public attention to grievances , but they have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They are useful to call public attention to grievances .','They have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute .')

Input: Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of trespass , minor property destruction , blocking traffic and the like .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of trespass .',', Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of minor property destruction .',', Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of blocking traffic .',', Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of the like .')

Input: The crimes may appear small , but the prices can be huge .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The crimes may appear small .','The prices can be huge .')

Input: Assume a neighborhood demonstration to protest speeding on a certain road or a careless accident involving a police car .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The demonstrators have been non-violent , but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The demonstrators have been non-violent .','The result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute .')

Input: Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera .','Geraldo or Phil would probably interview the chained protesters .')

Input: It is amazing that the ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine-tuned .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is amazing .','The ensuing mass executions in Vietnam and Cambodia do not weight more heavily on minds so morally fine-tuned .')

Input: The precedent having been set , who can complain if future generations called upon to defend the U.S. yield to the temptation to avoid the danger of combat by simply declaring the war immoral and hiding until it is over ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law , and no second invitation will be required .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law .','No second invitation will be required .')

Input: The tax increase -- on top of the current six-cent per dollar sales tax -- would become effective this Dec. 1 and expire Dec. 31 , 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The tax increase -- on top of the current six-cent per dollar sales tax -- would become effective this Dec. 1 .','The tax increase -- on top of the current six-cent per dollar sales tax -- would expire Dec. 31 , 1990 .')

Input: The 1988-return project starts Jan. 1 and is to be done by May 31 , 1991 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The 1988-return project starts Jan. 1 .','The 1988-return project is to be done by May 31 , 1991 .')

Input: Specially trained IRS agents will look for under-reported income and unsupported deductions and credits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers who sought IRS aid were satisfied with it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers were satisfied with it .','Filers sought IRS aid .')

Input: And taxpayer groups are urging legislation in many other states .
Prediction: NONE

Input: South Carolina 's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(', South Carolina 's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills .','This was to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas .')

Input: The court often weighs deductions of sideline-business costs : Do they stem from a profit-seeking activity or a nondeductible hobby ?
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The court often weighs deductions of sideline-business costs : Do they stem from a profit-seeking activity ? .','The court often weighs deductions of sideline-business costs : Do they stem from a nondeductible hobby ? .')

Input: But it 's rare to see both functions in one case .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 and fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of 19,000 returns for 1987 ... .','The IRS already is doing intensive TCMP audits of fiscal 1988 filed by corporations with under $ 10 million in assets ... .')

Input: The U.S. and Finland signed an income-tax treaty , subject to ratification .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was subject to ratification .','The U.S. and Finland signed an income-tax treaty .')

Input: This is a blow not only to Eastern but to the creditors committee , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is a blow not only to Eastern but to the creditors committee .','This was what he said .')

Input: Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Eastern are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .','Its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts .')

Input: About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About 800 have crossed the picket lines .','About 800 have returned to work .')

Input: And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The two men are longtime friends and tennis partners , having met about 25 years ago .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The two men are longtime friends and tennis partners .','The two men were having met about 25 years ago .')

Input: And much better at that than at -LCB- the price-cutting -RCB- he 's been doing recently .
Prediction: NONE

Input: J. Nicholas Hahn , Cotton Inc. 's president and chief executive , was an outspoken critic of WPP Group 's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('J. Nicholas Hahn was Cotton Inc. 's president and chief executive .','J. Nicholas Hahn was an outspoken critic of WPP Group 's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year .')

Input: Mr. Mingo was chief executive officer of the Mingo Group , which he founded in 1977 and which created ads for the black market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mingo was Mr. .','Mingo was chief executive officer of the Mingo Group , which he founded in 1977 and which created ads for the black market .')

Input: Clients include Miller Brewing Co. and General Motors .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Clients include Miller Brewing Co. .',', Clients include General Motors .')

Input: The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy , a precision of thought and a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately .','The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display a precision of thought to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately .','The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately .')

Input: It took Zhao Ziyang -LRB- former premier and party chief -RRB- 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('It took Zhao Ziyang -LRB- former premier and party chief -RRB- 10 years .','This was to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing .')

Input: But I think the Soviet peoples are more introverted than the Chinese .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think .','The Soviet peoples are more introverted than the Chinese .')

Input: On Asia-Pacific prosperity : If America can keep up the present situation -- her markets open for another 15 years , with adjustments , and Japan can grow and not cut back , and so too , Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , ASEAN , Australia and New Zealand -- then in 15 years , the economies of these countries would be totally restructured to be able to almost sustain growth by themselves .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if the Europeans come in , they benefit too .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The Europeans come in .','And , they benefit too .')

Input: I do n't feel down or done in because I show British serials on my television network or read their books .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('I do n't feel down or done in because I show British serials on my television network .','I do n't read their books .')

Input: But they have just taken it for granted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for granted .','But they have just taken it .')

Input: Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: All we could do was tell a patient , squeeze my fingers as hard as you can or raise your arm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('All was tell a patient , squeeze my fingers as hard as you can or raise your arm .','We could do All .')

Input: But for brain tests , the unwieldy machines would have required patients to stand on their heads , says Reginald Bickford , a researcher at the University of California at San Diego .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But such operations typically are n't performed because there is no sign right after an injury that surgery would be beneficial .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('But such operations typically are n't performed .','There is no sign right after an injury that surgery would be beneficial .')

Input: But no significant problems have been reported among hundreds of people tested with the devices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But no significant problems have been reported among hundreds of people .','People were tested with the devices .')

Input: At least two companies , Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. , now sell versions of the magnetic devices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. are at least two companies .','At least two companies now sell versions of the magnetic devices .')

Input: The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the Tacker whacker .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Scientists also are exploring memory and perception with the new machines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the new machines .',', Scientists also are exploring memory and perception .')

Input: Trying to answer that is suggesting all kinds of theories , such as precisely where and how the brain processes incoming signals from the eyes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as precisely where and how the brain processes incoming signals from the eyes .','Trying to answer that is suggesting all kinds of theories .')

Input: He and others say that the machines are weak enough that they do n't jeopardize the memory .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he and others say .','The machines are weak enough that they do n't jeopardize the memory .')

Input: Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Wilmington , Del. , chemicals concern previously signed research superconductor agreements with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and with Argonne National Laboratory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and with Argonne National Laboratory .','The Wilmington , Del. , chemicals concern previously signed research superconductor agreements .')

Input: The retailer said the securities are expected to be rated triple-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. and Aaa by Moody 's Investors Service Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the retailer said .','The securities are expected to be rated triple-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. and Aaa by Moody 's Investors Service Inc .')

Input: But the two countries remain separated by a cultural barrier wider than the ocean .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is than the ocean .','But the two countries remain separated by a cultural barrier wider .')

Input: But Mexico urgently needs more help .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Japanese will come to Mexico , but not immediately , says Kazushige Suzuki , director-general of the Japanese External Trade Organization in Mexico .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of -LRB- Mexico 's -RRB- government that there is a lot of Japanese money waiting behind the gate , and that by slightly opening the gate , that money will enter Mexico .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There seems to be a presumption in some sectors of -LRB- Mexico 's -RRB- government that there is a lot of Japanese money , and that by slightly opening the gate , that money will enter Mexico .','Japanese money is waiting behind the gate .')

Input: Most of the 10 analysts polled last week by Dow Jones International News Service in Frankfurt , Tokyo , London and New York expect the U.S. dollar to ease only mildly in November .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Most of the 10 analysts expect the U.S. dollar to ease only mildly in November .','The 10 analysts are polled last week by Dow Jones International News Service in Frankfurt , Tokyo , London and New York .')

Input: By late January , the consensus calls for the dollar to be trading around 1.8200 marks and near 142 yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by late January .','The consensus calls for the dollar to be trading around 1.8200 marks and near 142 yen .')

Input: He expects such a cut because of problems in several sectors of the economy , particularly real estate and automobiles .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He expects such a cut because of problems in several sectors of the economy .','He expects such a cut because of problems in several sectors of particularly real estate .','He expects such a cut because of problems in several sectors of automobiles .')

Input: G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels and 135 yen .
Prediction: CO/LIST('If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels .','If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between 135 yen .')

Input: We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and gloomier economic times ahead all signal a significantly lower dollar .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months .','This was what he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and gloomier economic times ahead all signal a significantly lower dollar .')

Input: Christopher Hill in Tokyo , Nicholas Hastings in London , Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt and Caitlin Randall and Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Christopher Hill in Tokyo contributed to this article .','Nicholas Hastings in London contributed to this article .','Erik Kirschbaum in Frankfurt and Caitlin Randall contributed to this article .','Douglas Appell in New York contributed to this article .')

Input: The tax has raised less than one billion marks -LRB- $ 545.3 million -RRB- annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The tax has raised less than one billion marks -LRB- $ 545.3 million -RRB- annually in recent years .','The government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns .')

Input: Earlier this year , President Bush made a final take-it-or-leave it offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .','Earlier this year , Bush made a final take-it-or-leave it offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job .')

Input: The White House had enough votes to sustain a veto but chose to avoid a confrontation .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The White House had enough votes to sustain a veto .','The White House chose to avoid a confrontation .')

Input: A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was not material and that no personnel changes were made as a result .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Chemical spokeswoman said .','The second-quarter charge was not material and that no personnel changes were made as a result .')

Input: The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Chemical spokeswoman said .','The bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls .')

Input: Yet although California Plant Protection was netting bigger and bigger clients -- the firm provided security for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles -- it still did n't have the name recognition of Pinkerton 's .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', California Plant Protection was netting bigger and bigger clients .','Yet -- the firm provided security for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles -- it still did n't have the name recognition of Pinkerton 's .')

Input: And regional offices were egregiously overstaffed , he claims .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('And regional offices were egregiously overstaffed .','This is what he claims .')

Input: And he got rid of low-margin businesses that just were n't making money for the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And he got rid of low-margin businesses .','Low-margin businesses just were n't making money for the company .')

Input: Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service and Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service .','Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt .')

Input: We have previously had discussions with representatives of Pinkerton 's Inc. concerning the -LCB- sale of the company -RCB- and we concluded that we did not have liability under the contract , says American Brands .
Prediction: NONE

Input: American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet -LCB- to be -RCB- determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , the suit charges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an amount as yet -LCB- to be -RCB- determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained .','American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's , the suit charges .')

Input: That injunction resulted from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans .','More loans were going sour .')

Input: Because a purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs , the FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('A purchaser can use an FHA loan to finance all points and closing costs .','The FHA can wind up lending more than a house is worth .')

Input: If housing prices continue to fall , many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Housing prices continue to fall .','Many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses .')

Input: None of the grants had been requested by HUD , judged competitively or were the subject of a single hearing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('None of the grants had been requested by HUD .','None of the grants had been judged competitively .','None of the grants had been were the subject of a single hearing .')

Input: More and more observers now realize that the key to ending future HUD scandals lies in forcing Congress to clean up its own act .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('More and more observers now realize .','The key to ending future HUD scandals lies in forcing Congress to clean up its own act .')

Input: If HUD is to be reformed , it concluded , Members of Congress will have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Something about is the practices of their colleagues .','If HUD is to be reformed , it concluded , Members of Congress will have to start looking into , and doing something about .')

Input: But the FHA program is hemorrhaging bad loans .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage-grinder .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms .','They are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage-grinder .')

Input: The company said it is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','It is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries .')

Input: A proposal to raise prices of beer , tobacco and luxuries was rejected 338-44 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It has long been rumored .','Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business .')

Input: The pocketbook impact of health benefits has driven business and labor to a surprising consensus .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a surprising consensus .','The pocketbook impact of health benefits has driven business and labor .')

Input: Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures to control rising costs , improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures .','This is to control rising costs , improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance .')

Input: Agreement on these points is a long way from a specific program , and nobody expects the U.S. to rush toward radical restructuring of the health-care system .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Agreement on these points is a long way from a specific program .','Nobody expects the U.S. to rush toward radical restructuring of the health-care system .')

Input: But there are signs that labor-management cooperation could change the politics of health-care legislation and the economics of medicine .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But there are signs that labor-management cooperation could change the politics of health-care legislation .','But there are signs that labor-management cooperation could change the economics of medicine .')

Input: Partly in response , a bipartisan group of senators from the finance and labor committees is drafting a plan to attract broader support .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is partly in response .','A bipartisan group of senators from the finance and labor committees is drafting a plan to attract broader support .')

Input: Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Pittston Co. and Nynex Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Pittston Co. .','Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Nynex Corp .')

Input: So far neither the Bush administration nor Congress is prepared to lead the way toward revamping health care .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical-practice guidelines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The NAM embraces efforts to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical-practice guidelines .','Both the administration and the medical profession have begun efforts .')

Input: Limiting care wo n't be easy or popular .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This involves trade-offs and -LCB- it -RCB- cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is necessary .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This involves trade-offs .','-LCB- it -RCB- cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is necessary .')

Input: The fasteners , nuts and bolts , are sold to the North American auto market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The fasteners were nuts and bolts .','The fasteners are sold to the North American auto market .')

Input: The three existing plants and their land will be sold .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The three existing plants will be sold .','Their land will be sold .')

Input: Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Terms call for First Security .','This was to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares .')

Input: The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Deseret is times .','The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities .')

Input: Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said .','The agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year .')

Input: The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , said one trader .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At a time when most analysts and industry consultants say pulp and paper prices are heading for a dive , adding capacity and debt could squeeze Georgia-Pacific if the industry declines more than the company expects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a time when most analysts and industry consultants say pulp and paper prices are heading for a dive .','Adding capacity and debt could squeeze Georgia-Pacific if the industry declines more than the company expects .')

Input: The two companies each produce market pulp , containerboard and white paper .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The two companies each produce market pulp .','The two companies each produce containerboard .','The two companies each produce white paper .')

Input: Georgia-Pacific 's advisers are Wasserstein , Perella & Co. , which stands to receive a $ 15 million fee if the takeover succeeds , and the law firm of Shearman & Sterling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Georgia-Pacific 's advisers are Wasserstein , Perella & Co. , and the law firm of Shearman & Sterling .','Wasserstein , Perella & Co. stands to receive a $ 15 million fee if the takeover succeeds .')

Input: Among companies mentioned by analysts as possible counterbidders for Nekoosa are International Paper , Weyerhaeuser , Canadian Pacific Ltd. and MacMillan Bloedel Ltd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have strong cash flows and low-cost operations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have strong cash flows .','Investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have low-cost operations .')

Input: Among paper company stocks that rallied on the Big Board because of the offer were Union Camp , up $ 2.75 to $ 37.75 , Federal Paperboard , up $ 1.75 to $ 27.875 , Mead , up $ 2.375 to $ 38.75 , and Temple Inland Inc. , up $ 3.75 to $ 62.25 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The condition , known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia , leads to dizziness and fainting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The condition leads to dizziness and fainting .','The condition is known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia .')

Input: The increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise reported for the third quarter of 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise .','The 1 % rise was reported for the third quarter of 1988 .')

Input: Wage increases and overall compensation increases are beginning to curl upward a little bit , said Audrey Freedman , a labor economist at the Conference Board , a business research organization .
Prediction: NONE

Input: StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mesa flies to 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A slowing economy is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts .','Its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts .')

Input: But the next important piece of news on the economy 's health -- this morning 's release of the national purchasing manager 's survey for October -- could prompt investors into action .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is into action .','But the next important piece of news on the economy 's health -- this morning 's release of the national purchasing manager 's survey for October -- could prompt investors .')

Input: But Bouygues said its first-half profit is n't indicative of the full-year trend because of the highly seasonal nature of many of the company 's activities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bouygues said .','Its first-half profit is n't indicative of the full-year trend because of the highly seasonal nature of many of the company 's activities .')

Input: Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association .','But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger .')

Input: This is designed to get the wagons in a circle and defend the smoking franchise .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a circle .','This is designed to get the wagons and defend the smoking franchise .')

Input: RJR Nabisco Inc. and American Brands Inc. say they have no plans to follow Philip Morris 's lead .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what RJR Nabisco Inc. and American Brands Inc. say .','They have no plans to follow Philip Morris 's lead .')

Input: They are n't showing James Madison taking a puff or lighting up , says Laurence Tribe , a professor of constitutional law at Harvard University .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the move lagged a stronger rise in New York Stock Exchange issues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in New York Stock Exchange issues .','But the move lagged a stronger rise .')

Input: The Big Board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1.6 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Big Board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % .','The Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1.6 % .')

Input: The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 to 447.76 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 447.76 .','The Financial Index of 100 biggest banks and insurance issues added 2.19 .')

Input: Microsoft added 2 1\/8 to 81 3\/4 and Oracle Systems rose 1 1\/2 to 23 1\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Microsoft added 21\/8 to 813\/4 .','Oracle Systems rose 11\/2 to 231\/4 .')

Input: But traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another one-day phenomenon .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders who watch the stocks warned .','The rise may be yet another one-day phenomenon .')

Input: But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors .','Investors try to follow its dips and swings .')

Input: The group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a subset of the larger group .','But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies .')

Input: But yesterday 's action put to rest any lingering resistance from tobacco interests .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Assuming final enactment this month , the prohibition will take effect 96 days later , or in early February .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The prohibition is assuming final enactment this month .','The prohibition will take effect 96 days later , or in early February .')

Input: The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .','And while pursuing these initiatives , the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care .')

Input: But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But given the few number of users , the cost to the federal government per passenger is estimated at $ 193 , according to House and Senate appropriations committees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to House and Senate appropriations committees .','But given the few number of users , the cost to the federal government per passenger is estimated at $ 193 .')

Input: The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions .','This was what the company said .')

Input: General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F-16 aircraft and related equipment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But value , it turns out , is only .','A buyer will pay .')

Input: And with the company 's recent announcement that it is contemplating a partial sale of its real estate , the values suddenly look poorer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it is n't clear why that should be so .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it is n't clear .','That should be so .')

Input: And real estate usually has n't traded well under public ownership .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it appears to be the sort of hold one .','Makes while heading for the door the sort .')

Input: Business : Railroad , natural resources and real estate
Prediction: NONE

Input: We simply do n't agree with that or the findings of their investigation .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('We simply do n't agree with that .','We simply do n't agree with the findings of their investigation .')

Input: The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is effective Jan. 1 , 1990 .','The big questions are whether the increase will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit .')

Input: At the same time , steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the same time .',', Steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive .')

Input: But analysts say the company is also trying to prevent further price drops .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .','The company is also trying to prevent further price drops .')

Input: Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV and others .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV .','Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with others .')

Input: Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations .','Tenders for the bills must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .')

Input: Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1980 .','Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street .')

Input: Unocal said the venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Unocal said .','The venture would enable it to recover more of its refining and marketing investment and prepare for expected growth in exploration , production , chemicals and other areas .')

Input: Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit-cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic-illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was under this plan .','Two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit-cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic-illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill .')

Input: Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading , designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading .','Arbitrage trading was designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures .')

Input: People are looking for an ability to try and read the market , rather than be manipulated , said Dudley A. Eppel , manager of equity trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Forest-products issues showing strength included Champion International , which went up 1 3\/8 to 31 7\/8 ; Weyerhaeuser , up 3\/4 to 27 1\/4 ; Louisiana-Pacific , up 1 1\/8 to 40 3\/8 , and Boise Cascade , up 5\/8 to 42 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Forest-products issues showing strength included Champion International ; Weyerhaeuser , up 3\/4 to 271\/4 ; Louisiana-Pacific , up 11\/8 to 403\/8 , and Boise Cascade , up 5\/8 to 42 .',', Champion International went up 13\/8 to 317\/8 .')

Input: Pfizer gained 1 7\/8 to 67 5\/8 , Schering-Plough added 2 1\/4 to 75 3\/4 , Eli Lilly rose 1 3\/8 to 62 1\/8 and Upjohn firmed 3\/4 to 38 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Pfizer gained 17\/8 to 675\/8 .',', Schering-Plough added 21\/4 to 753\/4 .','Eli Lilly rose 13\/8 to 621\/8 .','Upjohn firmed 3\/4 to 38 .')

Input: Ocean Drilling & Research dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 following news of a restructuring plan that calls for the company to reorganize its drilling business into a separate company and offer a 15 % to 20 % stake to the public .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ocean Drilling & Research dropped 11\/4 to 211\/2 following news of a restructuring plan .','A restructuring plan calls for the company to reorganize its drilling business into a separate company and offer a 15 % to 20 % stake to the public .')

Input: Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any substantial decisions or agreements .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush said .','Neither he nor Gorbachev expected any substantial decisions or agreements .')

Input: The seaborne meetings wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a formal summit next spring or summer .','The seaborne meetings wo n't disrupt plans .' ), 'An arms-control treaty is likely to be completed at a formal summit next spring or summer .')

Input: The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human-rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human-rights issues .','The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as regional disputes .','The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as economic cooperation .')

Input: People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days or even hours of heavy program trading and who was doing it .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days and who was doing it .','People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover even hours of heavy program trading and who was doing it .')

Input: But he has been getting heat from all sides over program trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from all sides over program trading .','But he has been getting heat .')

Input: Computers have made trading more rapid , but that can be fixed with some fine-tuning .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Computers have made trading more rapid .','That can be fixed with some fine-tuning .')

Input: But we 're not going back to 1970 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market , and even Europeans are suspicious .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market .','Even Europeans are suspicious .')

Input: We have a major problem , and that problem is volatility .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We have a major problem .','That problem is volatility .')

Input: A NEW MINIMUM-WAGE PLAN has been worked out by Congress and Bush , opening the way for the first increase in over nine years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A NEW MINIMUM-WAGE PLAN has been worked out by Congress and Bush .','A NEW MINIMUM-WAGE PLAN was opening the way for the first increase in over nine years .')

Input: Sea Containers plans to sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 each .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for $ 70 each .',', Sea Containers plans to sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares .')

Input: We saw good buying in Japan and excellent buying in London , said Jay Goldinger , market strategist and trader at Capital Insight Inc. , Beverly Hills , Calif .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the recession scenario .','But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt .')

Input: New two-year notes ended unchanged while three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('New two-year notes ended unchanged .','Three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower .')

Input: IBM 's visits to the debt market are closely watched by treasurers at other corporations and by credit market analysts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company has $ 1 billion in debt .','Debt was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .')

Input: We were oversold and today we bounced back .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We were oversold .','Today we bounced back .')

Input: There were no -LCB- sell -RCB- lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There were no -LCB- sell -RCB- lists .','The calendar is lightening up a bit .')

Input: Arthur H. Rosenfeld , previously president of the Prentice Hall Tax and Professional Services division , was named president of the newly formed Macmillan Professional and Business Reference division .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Arthur H. Rosenfeld was previously president of the Prentice Hall Tax and Professional Services division .','Arthur H. Rosenfeld was named president of the newly formed Macmillan Professional and Business Reference division .')

Input: A governing body of both the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Governmental Accounting Standards Board voted to give the FASB jurisdiction over accounting standards for certain government-owned entities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over accounting standards for certain government-owned entities .','A governing body of both the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Governmental Accounting Standards Board voted to give the FASB jurisdiction .')

Input: Uniroyal has 2,600 employees and facilities in the U.S. , Canada , Brazil , Italy and Taiwan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from other computer companies and industry observers .','News of the bid drew sharp criticism .')

Input: In late May , Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a standard discount-retailing practice of negotiating individual deals with customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in late May .','Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a standard discount-retailing practice of negotiating individual deals with customers .')

Input: Wary investors have been running for the stock market 's equivalent of bomb shelters , buying shares of gold-mining and utility companies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Wary investors have been running for the stock market 's equivalent of bomb shelters .','Wary investors were buying shares of gold-mining and utility companies .')

Input: Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is beyond that .','Money managers and analysts see other problems .')

Input: The gyrations in the British government add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Such defensive issues as food , tobacco , and drug stocks have been in favor for some time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for some time .',', Such defensive issues as food , tobacco , and drug stocks have been in favor .')

Input: But many of these stocks have now become expensive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Gold stocks are n't cheap on this basis , either , with many selling for 20 times earnings or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is either .','Gold stocks are n't cheap on this basis with many selling for 20 times earnings or more .')

Input: One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally he keeps of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally .','He keeps a weekly tally of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows .')

Input: But by Mr. Granville 's count , 493 issues were within one point of such lows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Granville was Mr. .','But by Granville 's count , 493 issues were within one point of such lows .')

Input: Robert Stovall , a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities , has money in both gold and utility issues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert Stovall is a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities .','Robert Stovall has money in both gold and utility issues .')

Input: He favors FPL Group Inc. , Florida Progress Corp. , TECO Energy Inc. , Wisconsin Energy Corp. , and Dominion Resources Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He favors FPL Group Inc. .','He favors Florida Progress Corp. .','He('He favors Wisconsin Energy Corp. .','He favors Dominion Resources Inc .'))

Input: His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. , Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. .','His favorites are Echo Bay Mines Ltd. .','His favorites are Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp .')

Input: But a bunch of utilities should post profit increases .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consider the fact that a mere 2 % drop in ozone would increase birth defects and mutations by allowing solar radiation to alter the DNA structure .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even a small reduction is unacceptable and to suggest otherwise is penny-wise and pound-foolish .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Even a small reduction is unacceptable .','To suggest otherwise is penny-wise and pound-foolish .')

Input: This is a fact and not the product of some environmental doomsayer or a group 's ploy to create a market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This is a fact .','This is not the product of some environmental doomsayer or a group 's ploy to create a market .')

Input: But this is almost an underground activity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The relationship between surface release of CFCs and global stratospheric ozone loss was identified back in 1974 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The discovery of the ozone hole over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The discovery of the ozone hole over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence .','Ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations .')

Input: Others pointed out that at least four other disk-drive makers will have competitive one-inch drives early next year and that the industry already operates on very thin margins .
Prediction: NONE

Input: An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was about how Congress really works -- and why voters in , say , West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not .','An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece .')

Input: But nobody did such a piece , reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman 's duties as a congressman , the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But nobody did such a piece .','But nobody was reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman 's duties as a congressman , the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network .')

Input: The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bankers Trust said .','It placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: Bonnie J. Stedt was named an executive vice president of the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit of this travel and financial services firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Joe F. Lynch was the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust .','Joe F. Lynch was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company .')

Input: One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create , turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn , Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was with such well-known names as Schwinn , Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki .','One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create , turning out mountain bikes .')

Input: The big word around Specialized is passion , says Erik Eidsmo , a former ski-industry executive whom Mr. Sinyard recruited from Citicorp to run marketing and sales .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 're finally getting -- and it 's been very painful -- some understanding of what the company 's long-term horizon should begin to look like , Mr. Eidsmo says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eidsmo was Mr. .','We 're finally getting -- and it 's been very painful -- some understanding of what the company 's long-term horizon should begin to look like , Eidsmo says .')

Input: But it 's risky , he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But it 's risky .','This is what he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure .')

Input: Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes , they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25 % to 30 % or so on sales of complete cycles .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes .','This is what they offer profit margins nearly double the 25 % to 30 % or so on sales of complete cycles .')

Input: Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , says Trek 's president , Dick Burke .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The move will cut out the cost of a middleman and give Specialized more control over marketing and sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The move will cut out the cost of a middleman .','The move will give Specialized more control over marketing and sales .')

Input: He is a senior partner with the law firm of Riordan & McKinzie and is a partner in Riordan Venture Management .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He is a senior partner with the law firm of Riordan & McKinzie .','He is a partner in Riordan Venture Management .')

Input: And we 'll raise it through existing shareholders as well as through junk bonds , said Anthony Simonds-Gooding , the private consortium 's chief executive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: British Satellite today is unveiling a # 30 million advertising and promotional drive for the consortium 's planned five channels of movies , sports , entertainment and news shows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the consortium 's planned five channels of movies , sports , entertainment and news shows .','British Satellite today is unveiling a # 30 million advertising and promotional drive .')

Input: Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .',', Stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich .')

Input: In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Courtaulds said in addition .','The moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities .')

Input: They are just too busy to meet domestic demand and have little room for overseas shipments , the official said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('They are just too busy to meet domestic demand and have little room for overseas shipments .','This was what the official said .')

Input: During the first hour of trading yesterday , prices fell as much as 1\/4 point , or down about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the first hour of trading .','Yesterday , prices fell as much as 1\/4 point , or down about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount .')

Input: But market activity was energized as investors started to view the lower price levels as attractive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But market activity was energized .','Investors started to view the lower price levels as attractive .')

Input: And the Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills , which generated strong buying interest , helped to lift the bond market out of the doldrums .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills helped to lift the bond market out of the doldrums .','The Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills generated strong buying interest .')

Input: We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other key economic indicators due this week include today 's release of the September leading indicators index and new-home sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other key economic indicators due this week include today 's release of the September leading indicators index .','Other key economic indicators due this week include today 's release of new-home sales .')

Input: Tomorrow , the October purchasing managers report is due and on Thursday comes October chain-store sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tomorrow , the October purchasing managers report is due .','Tomorrow , the October purchasing managers report on Thursday comes October chain-store sales .')

Input: Mortgage-backed securities were up less than 1\/8 point and investment-grade corporate bonds were unchanged .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mortgage-backed securities were up less than 1\/8 point .','Investment-grade corporate bonds were unchanged .')

Input: The average discount rate on three-month bills was 7.78 % and the rate on six-month bills was 7.62 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The average discount rate on three-month bills was 7.78 % .','The rate on six-month bills was 7.62 % .')

Input: And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity .','The six-month bills have an 184-day maturity .')

Input: Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 13-week bills mature Feb. 1 , and the 26-week bills mature May 3 , 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The 13-week bills mature Feb. 1 .','The 26-week bills mature May 3 , 1990 .')

Input: Elsewhere , prices of investment-grade and high-risk , high-yield junk bonds ended unchanged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .','Prices of investment-grade and high-risk , high-yield junk bonds ended unchanged .')

Input: The Chicago-based food and consumer goods concern was acquired in April 1986 in a $ 6.2 billion leveraged buy-out engineered by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Chicago-based food and consumer goods concern was acquired in April 1986 in a $ 6.2 billion leveraged buy-out .','A $ 6.2 billion leveraged buy-out was engineered by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co .')

Input: The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows , but the spread between the contract and Tbond futures continued to grow more negative .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows .','The spread between the contract and Tbond futures continued to grow more negative .')

Input: But front month T-bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise .','British government bonds ended moderately higher in British stocks .')

Input: However , the total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','The total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up .')

Input: Large cross-border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the second quarter .','Large cross-border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion , the firm added .')

Input: The warrants expire on Oct. 15 , 1992 , and may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The warrants expire on Oct. 15 , 1992 .','The warrants may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 .')

Input: Chugai agreed then to fund certain associated research and development costs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will buy American know-how and use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology trade and competition .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- .','The sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will buy American know-how and use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology trade and competition .')

Input: It is becoming more of a horse race every day between the U.S. and Japan , he said , adding that some fear that as with the semiconductor , electronics , and automobile industries , Japanese companies will use U.S.-developed technology to gain trade advantages .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('It is becoming more of a horse race every day between the U.S. and Japan .','This was what he said , adding that some fear that as with the semiconductor , electronics , and automobile industries , Japanese companies will use U.S.-developed technology to gain trade advantages .')

Input: But the Soviet Union has areas where it is n't behind Japan , says Mikhail Shapovalov of the Soviet Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days , and some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days .',', Some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology .')

Input: And , despite its image as a technology superpower , Japan has a lot of weaknesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is despite its image as a technology superpower .','And Japan has a lot of weaknesses .')

Input: The Soviet Union has a lot of know-how , but it has been difficult to put that into actual production because of various structural problems in the economy , says Mr. Shapovalov , the Foreign Ministry official .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviets are contemplating a flexible system under which it would be possible to develop -LCB- technology -RCB- jointly and even to market it jointly , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The Soviets are contemplating a flexible system under which it would be possible to develop -LCB- technology -RCB- jointly and even to market it jointly .','This is what he says .')

Input: So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .','The Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans .')

Input: My impression is that there is n't anything which arouses our interest at first glance , says an official from Japan 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It scared brokers , but most survived .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It scared brokers .','It survived .')

Input: It came in London 's Big Bang 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's Little Bang the same year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It came in London 's Big Bang 1986 deregulation the same year .','It came in Toronto 's Little Bang the same year .')

Input: The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment , but people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment .','People 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy .')

Input: But even that group knows some people do n't use their machines as much as they should .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what that group knows .',', Some people do n't use their machines as much as they should .')

Input: The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even that goal may prove optimistic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Time pressures and the ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Time pressures are cited as reasons for the decline .','The ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline .')

Input: Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the 1980s .','Only walking and golf increased in popularity -- and only slightly .')

Input: Jeanette Traverso , a California lawyer , gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jeanette Traverso was a California lawyer .','Jeanette Traverso gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene .')

Input: Most people said they exercise both for health and enjoyment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what most people said .','They exercise both for health and enjoyment .')

Input: But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what fully 90 % of those polled felt .','They did n't need to belong to a health club .')

Input: They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , says Joel Bryant , a 22-year-old student from Pasadena , Calif .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The guys are being macho , and the girls are walking around in little things .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The guys are being macho .','The girls are walking around in little things .')

Input: Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling .','Three reasons were pinpointed : dowdy bowling centers .','Three reasons were pinpointed : dissatisfaction with bowling itself .')

Input: But not Richard Cottrell , a San Francisco cab driver who bowls in two weekly leagues .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I ca n't do anything score-wise , but I like meeting the girls .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('I ca n't do anything score-wise .','I like meeting the girls .')

Input: We did experience some difficulties with the initial LBO terms and , as your article made clear , successfully restructured our debt earlier this year , something those other retailers have yet to accomplish .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the initial LBO terms .','We did experience some difficulties and , as your article made clear , successfully restructured our debt earlier this year , something those other retailers have yet to accomplish .')

Input: If there 's something weird and it do n't look good .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If psychics do n't work , but your house still seems haunted , you can call any one of a swelling band of skeptics such as Richard Busch .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A professional magician and musician , he heads the Pittsburgh branch of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal .','A professional magician and musician , he heads the Pittsburgh branch of the Committee .')

Input: The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','The spirits could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them .')

Input: Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Baker is Mr. .','Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics .')

Input: But they do n't careen around in an old Cadillac , wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But they do n't careen around in an old Cadillac .','But they do n't wear funny suits .','But they do n't blast away at slimy spirits .')

Input: The flying telephone : You tangle the base cord around a chair leg , and the receiver does seem to fly off .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I sprinkle a little around .','I tell the demons to leave .')

Input: It 's reassuring , and it usually works .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's reassuring .','It usually works .')

Input: But sometimes more energetic attacks are required .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She 's being attacked by the demon , Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She 's being attacked by the demon .','The television camera grinds .')

Input: Lyrics from Ghostbusters by Ray S. Parker Jr. 1984 by Golden Torch Music Corp. -LRB- ASCAP -RRB- and Raydiola Music -LRB- ASCAP -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago .',', Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers .')

Input: But then it was acquired by Household International Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A.G. Edwards & Sons runs training classes and looks for experienced brokers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A.G. Edwards & Sons runs training classes .','A.G. Edwards & Sons looks for experienced brokers .')

Input: Ironically , up until the quake , we desperately tried to fill jobs , especially for crane and bulldozer operators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up until the quake .','Ironically we desperately tried to fill jobs , especially for crane and bulldozer operators .')

Input: But stay tuned .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both reflect the dismissal of lower-level and shorter-tenure executives .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals -LRB- 55 % -RRB- and patients -LRB- 48 % -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think , ahead of hospitals -LRB- 55 % -RRB- and patients -LRB- 48 % -RRB- .','Their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs .')

Input: Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what employees like the option but firms say .','It 's too tough to run .')

Input: Still , the school says there are an ample number and pay is up to $ 7.20 an hour from $ 6.90 last year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the school says .','There are an ample number and pay is up to $ 7.20 an hour from $ 6.90 last year .')

Input: M.B.A. candidates at the University of Pittsburgh earn up to $ 15 an hour on marketing or computer projects .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on marketing or computer projects .','M.B.A. candidates at the University of Pittsburgh earn up to $ 15 an hour .')

Input: He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of his good looks , the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of maharajahs , or overpaid and underworked civil servants .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('He came out of nowhere .','This was to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to build a new Brazil than because of his good looks , the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of maharajahs , or overpaid and underworked civil servants .')

Input: Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , says political scientist Amaury de Souza .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , massive internal debt has forced the government to borrow massively on the domestic market and to offer inflation-adjusted returns of 2 % to 3 % a month just to get investors to hold on to its paper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .','Massive internal debt has forced the government to borrow massively on the domestic market and to offer inflation-adjusted returns of 2 % to 3 % a month just to get investors to hold on to its paper .')

Input: By some estimates , Brazil 's internal debt , or combined public deficit , could reach 6.5 % of its $ 351 billion gross domestic product .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by some estimates .','Brazil 's internal debt , or combined public deficit , could reach 6.5 % of its $ 351 billion gross domestic product .')

Input: Much of the money goes into subsidies or keeping inefficient state-controlled companies operating .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Much of the money goes into subsidies .','Much of the money goes into keeping inefficient state-controlled companies operating .')

Input: It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But his inexperience raises doubts .','He would have the political power to carry them out .')

Input: But despite the differences in what they say , according to some analysts here , economic constraints mean the next president may not have many choices about what he does .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what economic constraints mean despite the differences in what they say .','The next president may not have many choices about what he does .')

Input: The question is at the root of a brawl between Humana Inc. , the big for-profit hospital and insurance company , and its not-for-profit brethren in its home state of Kentucky .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The question is at the root of a brawl between Humana Inc. .','The question is at the root of a brawl between the big for-profit hospital and insurance company .','The question is at the root of a brawl between its not-for-profit brethren in its home state of Kentucky .')

Input: Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ten years ago , a physician would go to a town and take out a loan -LRB- to start a practice -RRB- , says James Merritt , president of Merritt , Hawkins & Associates , an Irvine , Calif. , physician recruiter that conducted the survey .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care , says Anthony J. Grieco , medical director of cooperative care at New York University Medical Center , where the concept began 10 years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CP_START CC CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the spring .','Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved .')

Input: Mitsui expects the antibiotic products to be exported to Southeast Asia and Africa .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sherwin-Williams Co. and Whittaker Corp. said they 've discontinued talks toward a definitive agreement regarding Sherwin-Williams ' acquisition of Whittaker 's chemical coating group .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sherwin-Williams Co. and Whittaker Corp. said .','They 've discontinued talks toward a definitive agreement regarding Sherwin-Williams ' acquisition of Whittaker 's chemical coating group .')

Input: Cleveland-based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles-based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Cleveland-based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings .','The Los Angeles-based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings .')

Input: And some fund groups said investors actually became net buyers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some fund groups said .','Investors actually became net buyers .')

Input: But the stock market swings have continued .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But , Mr. Hines adds , sales based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hines is Mr. .','But , Hines adds , sales based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends .')

Input: There will be a continuation and possibly greater focus on conservative equity funds , at the expense of growth and aggressive growth funds , says Avi Nachmany , an analyst at Strategic Insight , a New York fund-research concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Perhaps he 'd have called for a decentralized political and economic system without a dominant communist party .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was without a dominant communist party .','Perhaps he 'd have called for a decentralized political and economic system .')

Input: Why , a Bob Gates might even have said , Nor are Soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant Western credits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control , but conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control .',', Conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe .')

Input: There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this .','It would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view .')

Input: Its symptoms include a cold sweat at the sound of debate , clammy hands in the face of congressional criticism , and fainting spells when someone writes the word controversy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Its symptoms include a cold sweat at the sound of debate .','Its symptoms include clammy hands in the face of congressional criticism .','Its symptoms include fainting spells when someone writes the word controversy .')

Input: Even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret , these are not very complicated thoughts .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The press is ready to seize and misinterpret .','These are not very complicated thoughts .')

Input: Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 .','This was what Bid , and $ 162,000 , asked .')

Input: In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital-punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1972 .','The high court swept aside all capital-punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional .')

Input: But in 1976 , the court permitted resurrection of such laws , if they meet certain procedural requirements .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But in 1976 , the court permitted resurrection of such laws .','They meet certain procedural requirements .')

Input: A large number of studies suggest that state judges and juries have imposed the penalty in a racially discriminatory fashion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A large number of studies suggest .',', State judges and juries have imposed the penalty in a racially discriminatory fashion .')

Input: And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in two important ways .','And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings .')

Input: At least 15 major studies purport to show that particular states have imposed the death penalty disproportionately against killers of whites compared with blacks , and against black defendants compared with white defendants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The judge came out and said , Quick , let 's put this on the record , says Sandy Bettencourt , the judge 's court reporter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lights flickered on and off .','Plaster dropped from the ceiling .','The walls still shook .','An evacuation alarm blared outside .')

Input: And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Your Oct. 4 front page noted that British lawyers have to wear wigs in court and that these wigs are made from horses ' tails .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what your Oct. 4 front page noted .','That British lawyers have to wear wigs in court and that these wigs are made from horses ' tails .')

Input: But he said , we have too many plants in our system .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Iacocca 's remarks are the most specific indication to date of how many plants could be in jeopardy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Iacocca is Mr. .','But Iacocca 's remarks are the most specific indication to date of how many plants could be in jeopardy .')

Input: The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. .','The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years .')

Input: Also under Chapter 11 , a reorganization plan is subject to approval by bondholders , banks and other creditors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is also under Chapter 11 .','A reorganization plan is subject to approval by bondholders , banks and other creditors .')

Input: He said he feared a Revco reorganization might force bondholders to accept a cheap deal , and that the Bass group 's offer would give them more money .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','He feared a Revco reorganization might force bondholders to accept a cheap deal , and that the Bass group 's offer would give them more money .')

Input: Its problem , they say , is that management paid too much in the leveraged buy-out and the current $ 515 million debt load is keeping Revco in the red .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Acadia Partners and the Bass Group declined to comment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Acadia Partners declined to comment .','The Bass Group declined to comment .')

Input: The partnership also includes American Express Co. , Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The partnership also includes American Express Co. .','The partnership also includes Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. .','The partnership also includes Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .')

Input: The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash .','The offer consists of the rest in notes .')

Input: Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to creditors and bondholders in exchange for the cash distribution , but creditors and bondholders would receive no discount for their shares .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to creditors and bondholders in exchange for the cash distribution .',', Creditors and bondholders would receive no discount for their shares .')

Input: Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year .','This was what he said .')

Input: Japan normally depends heavily on the Highland Valley and Cananea mines as well as the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today .','Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group .')

Input: GRAINS AND SOYBEANS :
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .','The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said Bush sent to Colombian Virgilio Barco , and in which Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement .')

Input: But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of perfume , cosmetics , household chemicals and sand candles .
Prediction: CO/LIST('All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of perfume .','All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of cosmetics .','All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of household chemicals .','All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of sand candles .')

Input: Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is most important .','This would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed .')

Input: The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an organic society in which citizens were spiritually and morally unified , and prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by contrast .','A parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict .')

Input: In doing so , he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He was doing so .', CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('He neither rejected a socialist planned economy .','He neither embraced the free market .'))

Input: The latter would be undertaken by enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The latter would be undertaken by enterprises .','The latter would be undertaken by joint stock companies .','The latter would be undertaken by cooperatives .')

Input: These would not function independently , but would act together to form combines , unions and associations to tackle problems and coordinate their activities .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('These would not function independently .','These would act together to form combines , unions and associations to tackle problems and coordinate their activities .')

Input: The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Communist Party is The Soviet .',', Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it .')

Input: It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It is the promise of economic returns .','The promise of economic returns is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor .')

Input: The weaknesses in his plan do not lie in the political calculations -- Mr. Gorbachev is a consummate political leader , perhaps one of the greatest -- but in its economic prescription .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev is Mr. .','The weaknesses in his plan do not lie in the political calculations -- Gorbachev is a consummate political leader , perhaps one of the greatest -- but in its economic prescription .')

Input: A small decline in total construction for the entire year is possible if contracting for housing does n't increase in response to this year 's lower mortgage rates , said George A. Christie , vice president and chief economist of Dodge , the forecasting division of publisher McGraw-Hill Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Housing has been weak all year and especially so in the past five months .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Housing has been weak all year .','Housing has especially so in the past five months .')

Input: Institutional building , such as hospitals and schools , eased in September following a surge in August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as hospitals and schools .','Institutional building eased in September following a surge in August .')

Input: We think that the ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we think .','The ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected .')

Input: First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. , First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade , was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Highly leveraged Campeau Corp. was First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade .','First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled .')

Input: It said CS First Boston has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking and that a very significant portion of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .',', CS First Boston has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking and that a very significant portion of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business .')

Input: The move by the financial information and services subsidiary of Citicorp is a response to changing conditions in the retail securities industry , which has been contracting since October 1987 's stock market crash , the executive added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The move by the financial information and services subsidiary of Citicorp is a response to changing conditions in the retail securities industry , the executive added .','The retail securities industry has been contracting since October 1987 's stock market crash .')

Input: Quotron also provides trading and other systems , services for brokerage firms , and communications-network services .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Quotron also provides trading and other systems .','Quotron also provides services for brokerage firms .','Quotron also provides communications-network services .')

Input: Shearson , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Salomon Inc. are discussing formation of a group to sell securities-price data .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Oct. 24 , Quotron said it will market the automated trading system of broker-dealer Chapdelaine Government Securities Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Quotron said .','It will market the automated trading system of broker-dealer Chapdelaine Government Securities Inc .')

Input: The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest-rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sweep by the A's , whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants , will only make things worse for ABC , owned by Capital Cities\/ABC Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The sweep by the A 's , whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants , will only make things worse for ABC .','ABC was owned by Capital Cities\/ABC Inc .')

Input: A network spokesman would n't comment , and ABC Sports officials declined to be interviewed .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A network spokesman would n't comment .','ABC Sports officials declined to be interviewed .')

Input: But interest instead decreased .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kidder Peabody became the most recent firm to swear off stock-index arbitrage trading for its own account , and Merrill Lynch late yesterday took the major step of renouncing the trading strategy even for its clients .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Kidder Peabody became the most recent firm to swear off stock-index arbitrage trading for its own account .','Merrill Lynch late yesterday took the major step of renouncing the trading strategy even for its clients .')

Input: Both are expected to show continued sluggishness , which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Both are expected to show continued sluggishness .',', Continued sluggishness would be good for bonds and bad for stocks .')

Input: But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 .','Broader market indexes were virtually unchanged .')

Input: Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi-tech powerhouses is only half right .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe .','Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi-tech powerhouses is only half right .')

Input: And with a labor shortage and intense competitive pressure to improve efficiency , more and more Japanese companies are concluding that they have no choice .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And with a labor shortage and intense competitive pressure to improve efficiency , more and more Japanese companies are concluding .','They have no choice .')

Input: But it also offers opportunities ; Americans are well poised to supply the weapons .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But it also offers opportunities .','Americans are well poised to supply the weapons .')

Input: Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate .','The U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies .')

Input: After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is after years of talking about selling in Japan .','More and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in .')

Input: Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .','Typical is one office of the Ministry of Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry .')

Input: Personal Computer yearbooks are lined up on nearly every desk , and dog-eared copies of Nikkei Computer crowd magazine racks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Personal Computer yearbooks are lined up on nearly every desk .','Personal Computer yearbooks are lined up on dog-eared copies of Nikkei Computer crowd magazine racks .')

Input: But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real-life PC .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one-third that of the Americans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at half the rate of their European counterparts and one-third that of the Americans .','Japanese office workers use PCs .')

Input: But the machines are n't on employees ' desks ; they ring the perimeter of the large office .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the machines are n't on employees ' desks .','They ring the perimeter of the large office .')

Input: Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Machines dedicated solely to word processing are still more common in Japan than PCs .','Machines dedicated solely to word processing have all but disappeared in the U.S. .')

Input: Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections .','Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than fancy presentations .')

Input: Until recently , much of the necessary technology has been unavailable or at least unaffordable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was until recently .','Much of the necessary technology has been unavailable or at least unaffordable .')

Input: But the complex language is n't the only reason .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That spurs competition and growth , allows users to change and mix brands easily , and increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That spurs competition and growth .','That allows users to change and mix brands easily .','That increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer .')

Input: If a record industry lacked a common standard , Sony CD owners could listen to a Sony version of Madonna 's Like a Prayer but not one made for a Panasonic player .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('A record industry lacked a common standard .',', Sony CD owners could listen to a Sony version of Madonna 's Like a Prayer but not one made for a Panasonic player .')

Input: NEC wo n't release its code , and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other .
Prediction: CO/LIST('NEC wo n't release its code .','Every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other .')

Input: An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what an NEC spokeswoman responds .','Prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. .')

Input: But the market is changing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many of the companies are even dropping their traditional independence and trying to band together to create some sort of standard .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many of the companies are even dropping their traditional independence .','Many of the companies are even trying to band together to create some sort of standard .')

Input: But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it could also help American companies .','American companies also are starting to try to open the market .')

Input: If it were an open market , we would have been in in 1983 or 1984 , says Eckhard Pfeiffer , who heads Compaq Computer Corp. 's European and international operations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And because general retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('General retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan .','And , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers .')

Input: But the U.S. companies are redoubling their efforts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system .','Earlier this year , it introduced a kanji laser printer .')

Input: But it 's an enormous business opportunity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 on a woman 's health or fertility .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on a woman 's health or fertility .','No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 .')

Input: But there are no scientific data on this question .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- Its scare-tactic prediction : the pill will be available in the U.S. , either legally or illegally , in no more than 2-5 years . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: For a woman whose period is late , using RU-486 means no waiting , no walking past picket lines at abortion clinics , and no feet up in stirrups for surgery , burbles health writer Laura Fraser .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At seven weeks , an embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at seven weeks .','An embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human .')

Input: Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal , accounting and other professional services furnished to foreigners ; financial , engineering and construction services ; and the like -- were not being counted as exports .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what both groups believed .','Tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal , accounting and other professional services furnished to foreigners ; financial , engineering and construction services ; and the like -- were not being counted as exports .')

Input: The monthly trade deficit figure is limited to traditional merchandise trade : manufactured goods and raw materials .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The monthly trade deficit figure is limited to traditional merchandise trade .','The monthly trade deficit figure is limited to manufactured goods .','The monthly trade deficit figure is limited to raw materials .')

Input: That means that the U.S. trade deficit was running closer to $ 75 billion than to $ 95 billion in 1988 , and $ 55 billion -LRB- annualized -RRB- rather than $ 80 billion in the first quarter of 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That means .','The U.S. trade deficit was running closer to $ 75 billion than to $ 95 billion in 1988 , and $ 55 billion -LRB- annualized -RRB- rather than $ 80 billion in the first quarter of 1989 .')

Input: Too early to tell , but a trade deficit that is significantly smaller than we imagined does suggest a review of our trade posture .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A specialist is an exchange member .','An exchange member was designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock .')

Input: -LCB- Wall Street -RCB- is beginning to realize -- as Shakespeare said -- the trouble is not in our stars , but in ourselves .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The original owners happily repaid the claim .','The original owners happily took their kylix home .')

Input: But on Oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $ 45,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the museum of $ 45,000 .','He was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution .')

Input: Chief Inspector Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peter Seacomb was Chief Inspector .','Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted .')

Input: Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men .','Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the recovery of almost all the stolen art .')

Input: After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was after his arrest .','The forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard .')

Input: It recently reported assets of $ 2.4 billion and liabilities of $ 4 billion .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It recently reported assets of $ 2.4 billion .','It recently reported liabilities of $ 4 billion .')

Input: By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by advertising disaster relief .','These companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero .')

Input: At Nissan , we felt we wanted to do something to help them gather money , and we had this airtime on Monday Night Football , explains Brooke Mitzel , a Nissan advertising creative manager .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency .','But , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause .')

Input: People see extra messages in advertising , and if a manufacturer is clearly trying to get something out of it ... if it 's too transparent ... then consumers will see through that , warns John Philip Jones , chairman of the advertising department at the Newhouse School of Public Communications at Syracuse University .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY -LRB- AM -RRB- and KOFY-FM in San Francisco for about $ 19.5 million from Pacific FM Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY -LRB- AM -RRB- .','Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY-FM in San Francisco for about $ 19.5 million from Pacific FM Inc .')

Input: Generally , when New York and California go one way , it has a tremendous influence on other states , especially small ones , said Mr. Rheingold .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 .','The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud .')

Input: He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Housing is scarce .','Public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition .')

Input: He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services .','Public services were starved of money for six years .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: He knows that making George Bush look silly in a photograph with him will trigger Noriegan fulminations , and that announcing an end to the liberals ' cease-fire will produce mainly their concern over the Contras ' military activities in northern Nicaragua .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he knows .','That making George Bush look silly in a photograph with him will trigger Noriegan fulminations , and that announcing an end to the liberals ' cease-fire will produce mainly their concern over the Contras ' military activities in northern Nicaragua .')

Input: b - Week ended Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 and Wednesday October 18 , 1989 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The biotechnology concern said Spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the biotechnology concern said .',', Spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end .')

Input: Among the possibilities the Treasury is considering are requirements that banks keep records identifying the originators and recipients of international wire transfers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Treasury is considering among the possibilities .','Are requirements that banks keep records identifying the originators and recipients of international wire transfers .')

Input: But banks may prefer using a profile that targets selected transactions , rather than a blanket reporting requirement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But banks may prefer using a profile , rather than a blanket reporting requirement .','A profile targets selected transactions .')

Input: But wire transfers from a standing account -- including those bigger than $ 10,000 -- are n't reported .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But some holders of the Western Union notes expect the company to propose a more-attractive debt swap that will give them a substantial equity stake in the company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some holders of the Western Union notes expect the company to propose a more-attractive debt swap .','A more-attractive debt swap will give them a substantial equity stake in the company .')

Input: Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent years .','Western Union has had major losses as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry .')

Input: tation , GM said , have as their objectives to create a cooperative business relationship with Jaguar that would provide for the continued independence of this great British car company , to ensure a secure future for its employees and to provide an attractive long-term return for its shareholders .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Tation , GM said , have as their objectives .','This was to create a cooperative business relationship with Jaguar that would provide for the continued independence of this great British car company , to ensure a secure future for its employees and to provide an attractive long-term return for its shareholders .')

Input:  , or even a measure of derring-do .
Prediction: NONE

Input: re company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Re company more than half the share of the soda market there .','This was what Coke said .')

Input: -inch looseleaf .
Prediction: NONE

Input: r creditors .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  alcohol abuse , some liquor marketers consider Seagram 's frequent buyer promotion risky .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alcohol abuse is some liquor marketers .','Alcohol abuse consider Seagram 's frequent buyer promotion risky .')

Input: e government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ation hypothesized above would be simply a case of chickens coming home to roost .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ation hypothesized above would be simply a case of chickens .',', Chickens are coming home to roost .')

Input: pilots is over a pay parity clause in the pilots ' contract .
Prediction: NONE

Input: d worked as a security officer for several large companies , built his California Plant Protection from a tiny mom-and-pop security patrol firm here in the San Fernando Valley .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  to some estimates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ng resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios .
Prediction: NONE

Input: e for creating hybrid plants for a number of crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ties pay look more attractive when prices are falling -LRB- or rising slowly -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  the strength and the political support in Congress to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The strength steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills .','The political support in Congress to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills .')

Input: e around .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  quarter of next year , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Quarter of next year .','This was what he said .')

Input: ursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini , who was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini .','Mussolini was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat .')

Input: s Compaq Computer Corp. 's European and international operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Compaq Computer Corp. is s .',', Compaq Computer Corp. ` European and international operation .')

Input:  for promising to make a $ 200 million bridge loan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Research teams uncovered evidence .','The same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers .')

Input: Colon , lung and breast cancers are the most common and lethal forms of the disease , collectively killing almost 200,000 Americans a year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson 's two-hit theory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Knudson was Dr. .','But there was no way to prove Knudson 's two-hit theory .')

Input: They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , some existing only in benign polyps , others in malignant cells and many in both polyps and malignant cells .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions .','They began uncovering some existing only in benign polyps .','They began uncovering others in malignant cells .','They began uncovering many in both polyps and malignant cells .')

Input: But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that , if damaged , flipped a colon cell into full-blown malignancy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Vogelstein was Dr. .','But Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that , if damaged , flipped a colon cell into full-blown malignancy .')

Input: But now at least there 's a glimmer of hope for the stock .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Burger King operators independently confirm using Michael 's product .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The extent of Marriott 's use is n't known , and Marriott officials could n't be reached for comment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The extent of Marriott 's use is n't known .','Marriott officials could n't be reached for comment .')

Input: Earnings are n't keeping pace , he says , because of heavy investments in the egg technologies and drought-related costs in its potato business .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Earnings are n't keeping pace , he says , because of heavy investments in the egg technologies .','Earnings are n't keeping pace , he says , because of drought-related costs in its potato business .')

Input: But dry growing conditions in the Red River Valley of Minnesota and North Dakota are pushing spot prices of potatoes beyond what Michael contracted to pay last spring .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade , Time , Sports Illustrated and TV Guide .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include the Sunday newspaper supplement Parade .','The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include Time .','The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include Sports Illustrated .','The printing customers that Quebecor will gain through Maxwell Graphics include TV Guide .')

Input: But the transaction is just Mr. Peladeau 's latest step in a larger design : to build Quebecor through acquisitions into an integrated paper , publishing and printing concern with a reach throughout North America .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Peladeau is Mr. .','But the transaction is just Peladeau 's latest step in a larger design : to build Quebecor through acquisitions into an integrated paper , publishing and printing concern with a reach throughout North America .')

Input: After a recent merger , it is also the only province-wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in Quebec .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is after a recent merger .','It is also the only province-wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in Quebec .')

Input: The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Quebecor 's existing printing unit and Maxwell Graphics .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Quebecor 's existing printing unit .','The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Maxwell Graphics .')

Input: It will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It will have 61 plants from coast to coast .','It will have 61 plants from $ 1.5 billion in annual sales .')

Input: G.D. Searle & Co. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the sale of Kerlone , a hypertension drug developed by a joint venture between Searle and a French concern .
Prediction: CO/LIST('G.D. Searle & Co. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the sale of Kerlone , a hypertension drug developed by a joint venture between Searle .','G.D. Searle & Co. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the sale of Kerlone , a hypertension drug developed by a joint venture between a French concern .')

Input: I 've had no problems performing my duties and responsibilities .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 've had no problems .','I was performing my duties and responsibilities .')

Input: The units are autonomous from U.S. attorneys ' offices and focus exclusively on prosecuting organized-crime cases .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The units are autonomous from U.S. attorneys ' offices .','The units focus exclusively on prosecuting organized-crime cases .')

Input: Boeing Co. 's third-quarter profit leaped 68 % , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the picket line , not the bottom line .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Boeing Co. 's third-quarter profit leaped 68 % .','Wall Street 's attention was focused on the picket line , not the bottom line .')

Input: Because it 's impossible to gauge how long the walkout by 55,000 Machinists rank and file will last , the precise impact on Boeing 's sales , earnings , cash flow and short-term investment position could n't be determined .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('It 's impossible to gauge how long the walkout by 55,000 Machinists rank and file will last .','The precise impact on Boeing 's sales , earnings , cash flow and short-term investment position could n't be determined .')

Input: And the company is certain to get out some aircraft with just supervisors and other non-striking employees on hand .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And the company is certain to get out some aircraft with just supervisors on hand .','And the company is certain to get out some aircraft with other non-striking employees on hand .')

Input: But it would just mean a great first and second quarter next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Phillip Brannon of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets added : You do n't want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Phillip Brannon of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets added .','You do n't want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it .')

Input: Suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure to support delivery schedules .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(', Suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure .','This was to support delivery schedules .')

Input: And , of course , there 's the unsteady labor situation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','And there 's the unsteady labor situation .')

Input: Besides the Machinists pact , accords representing 30,000 of the company 's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita , Kan. , areas expire in early December .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is besides the Machinists pact .','Accords representing 30,000 of the company 's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita , Kan. , areas expire in early December .')

Input: This contract , covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers , is being extended on a day-to-day basis .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company reiterated yesterday that it 's willing to reconfigure the package , but not add to the substance of it .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company reiterated yesterday .','It 's willing to reconfigure the package , but not add to the substance of it .')

Input: Few petitions , however , have actually delayed or scuttled mergers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Few petitions have actually delayed or scuttled mergers .')

Input: It said yesterday it still expects to close the acquisition later this year or early in 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said yesterday .','It still expects to close the acquisition later this year or early in 1990 .')

Input: And plans to raise another $ 20 million through changes to an insurance policy have hit a snag , the source said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('And plans to raise another $ 20 million through changes to an insurance policy have hit a snag .','This was what the source said .')

Input: Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report completely off base .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Eastern at the time disputed those assessments .','Eastern at the time called the experts ' report completely off base .')

Input: Yesterday , Joel Zweibel , an attorney for Eastern 's creditors committee , declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Joel Zweibel was an attorney for Eastern 's creditors committee .','Yesterday , Joel Zweibel declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to .')

Input: He said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern 's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said only .','That the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern 's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating .')

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: $ 813.4 million of general obligation bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 757.4 million of tax-exempt bonds and $ 56 million of taxable bonds , tentatively priced by a Goldman Sachs & Co. group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yields for taxable bonds range from 9 1\/8 % in 1994 to 9.90 % in 2009 and 2010 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to 9.90 % in 2009 and 2010 .','Yields for taxable bonds range from 91\/8 % in 1994 .')

Input: It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 9 1\/2 % securities with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a weighted average remaining term to maturity of 29 years and being offered at market prices .','It is backed by Government National Mortgage Association 91\/2 % securities .')

Input: The offering has an expected average life of 1.7 years and a final maturity date of May 15 , 1995 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The offering has an expected average life of 1.7 years of May 15 , 1995 .','The offering has an expected average life of a final maturity date of May 15 , 1995 .')

Input: Paribas already holds about 18.7 % of Navigation Mixte , and the acquisition of the additional 48 % would cost it about 11 billion francs under its current bid .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Paribas already holds about 18.7 % of Navigation Mixte .','The acquisition of the additional 48 % would cost it about 11 billion francs under its current bid .')

Input: The maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said Carol Cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said .',', Carol Cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses .')

Input: The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central .','The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by a definitive agreement .','The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by regulatory approvals .')

Input: The troubled disk drive maker aims with the new 3 1\/2-inch disks to revive its reputation and sales growth .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The thrift hired an investment banker earlier this month to advise it regarding a possible sale or merger .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The thrift hired an investment banker earlier this month .','This was to advise it regarding a possible sale or merger .')

Input: Rally 's had no comment , but was expected to make an announcement this morning about the situation .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Rally 's had no comment .','Rally 's was expected to make an announcement this morning about the situation .')

Input: In a statement , Young & Rubicam called the award unfortunate but bearable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a statement .','Young & Rubicam called the award unfortunate but bearable .')

Input: The Dutch unit , known as Celtona B.V. , is a leading maker of consumer and away-from-home tissue products for the Benelux region .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Dutch unit is a leading maker of consumer and away-from-home tissue products for the Benelux region .','The Dutch unit is known as Celtona B.V. .')

Input: James River , a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products , already has interests in tissue businesses in France , Spain , Italy and Turkey .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('James River is a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products .','James River already has interests in tissue businesses in France , Spain , Italy and Turkey .')

Input: The agreements are with Security Pacific National Bank and an affiliate of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The agreements are with Security Pacific National Bank .','The agreements are with an affiliate of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .')

Input: Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor and the payment of all related costs and expenses .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor .','Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of the payment of all related costs and expenses .')

Input: The dollar rose against the Swiss and French francs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: GE Capital is a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. of Fairfield , Conn. , which also has broadcasting and electrical-products businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('GE Capital is a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. of Fairfield , Conn. .','Fairfield , Conn. also has broadcasting and electrical-products businesses .')

Input: GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa and MasterCard programs while Monogram provides operational and marketing support and actually owns the accounts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what GE Capital said .',', Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa and MasterCard programs while Monogram provides operational and marketing support and actually owns the accounts .')

Input: Azem Vlasi and 14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Azem Vlasi are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy .','14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy .')

Input: They also established an office to control government and party finances .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products .','It cited the expected beneficial effects of further structural changes within the group .','It cited the expected beneficial effects of cooperation agreements with other companies .')

Input: United Air 's parent may have to pay as much as $ 53.7 million to the labor-management buy-out group for fees and expenses incurred in their failed $ 6.79 billion takeover bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the labor-management buy-out group .','United Air 's parent may have to pay as much as $ 53.7 million for fees and expenses incurred in their failed $ 6.79 billion takeover bid .')

Input: Boeing posted a 68 % jump in third-quarter earnings , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the continued strike at the aircraft maker .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Boeing posted a 68 % jump in third-quarter earnings .','Wall Street 's attention was focused on the continued strike at the aircraft maker .')

Input: Sources said a complex and detailed announcement of a joint agreement between General Motors and Jaguar would be made by Jaguar some time in the next 2 1\/2 weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what sources said .','A complex and detailed announcement of a joint agreement between General Motors and Jaguar would be made by Jaguar some time in the next 21\/2 weeks .')

Input: After the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is after the split .','The two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers .')

Input: The filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bio-Technology General Corp. received tenders for 97.9 % of its 7.5 % convertible senior subordinated notes due April 15 , 1997 , and 96 % of its 11 % convertible senior subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2006 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 97.9 % of its 7.5 % convertible senior subordinated notes due April 15 , 1997 , and 96 % of its 11 % convertible senior subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2006 .','Bio-Technology General Corp. received tenders .')

Input: For each $ 1,000 face amount of debentures , holders received $ 250 of Series B 11 % senior secured convertible notes due Oct. 15 , 1998 , and 200 common shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for each $ 1,000 face amount of debentures .','Holders received $ 250 of Series B 11 % senior secured convertible notes due Oct. 15 , 1998 , and 200 common shares .')

Input: But Fujitsu Ltd. has taken that practice to a new extreme .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a new extreme .','But Fujitsu Ltd. has taken that practice .')

Input: But industry officials expressed concern that the initial project might give Fujitsu an edge in winning more lucrative contracts later .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what industry officials expressed concern .','The initial project might give Fujitsu an edge in winning more lucrative contracts later .')

Input: Japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years , and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years .','Many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue .')

Input: American Airlines will expand its trans-Atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the U.S. and Europe , officials announced yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('American Airlines will expand its trans-Atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the U.S. and Europe .','This was what officials announced yesterday .')

Input: Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for $ 58 a share .','Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for about $ 3.18 billion .')

Input: Executives at Nekoosa could n't be reached , and officials at Georgia Pacific declined to comment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Executives at Nekoosa could n't be reached .','Officials at Georgia Pacific declined to comment .')

Input: But industry observers still questioned whether Georgia Pacific will ultimately prevail .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what industry observers questioned .','Whether Georgia Pacific will ultimately prevail .')

Input: Gone is D. Joseph Corr , the airline 's chairman , chief executive and president , appointed only last December .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at Texas Air .','Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance .')

Input: But Mr. Corr 's tenure was shorter than most .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Corr was Mr. .','But Corr 's tenure was shorter than most .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons .','Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings are laughing and gossiping at the markets .')

Input: This seed 's not grown anywhere else in India , or anywhere else in the world , says T.V. Krishnamurthy , a vice president of Procter & Gamble India Ltd. , a major psyllium buyer and promoter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and , of course , the outcome of further research .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the outcome of further research .')

Input: But they have no desire to eat a bowl of psyllium each morning , and , perhaps , little need : lean , frugal vegetarians , the farmers are innocents in the clogged , treacherous world of cholesterol .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is perhaps .','But they have no desire to eat a bowl of psyllium each morning , and little need : lean , frugal vegetarians , the farmers are innocents in the clogged , treacherous world of cholesterol .')

Input: Folk doctors also prescribe it for kidney , bladder and urethra problems , duodenal ulcers and hemorrhoids .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for kidney , bladder and urethra problems , duodenal ulcers and hemorrhoids .','Folk doctors also prescribe it .')

Input: The transluscent husk of the seed is removed , sifted and crushed ; the seed itself is fed to animals .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The transluscent husk of the seed is removed , sifted and crushed .','The seed itself is fed to animals .')

Input: The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers .','The flood of claims and counter-claims actually hurt sales of the new cereals .')

Input: But the agency has n't yanked psyllium off store shelves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was off store shelves .','But the agency has n't yanked psyllium .')

Input: You get a rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('You get .','A rain at the wrong time and the crop is ruined .')

Input: In one way , the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in one way .','The psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves .')

Input: But there 's a catch .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sidhpur and adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sidhpur are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities .','Adjacent districts are the only places in the world where psyllium is grown in large quantities .')

Input: Psyllium needs sandy soil , dew during the first few weeks , and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Psyllium needs sandy soil .','Psyllium needs dew during the first few weeks .','Psyllium needs then total dryness when its seeds are maturing .')

Input: Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil .','Their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium .')

Input: But no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But no one has made a serious effort .','This was to transplant the crop .')

Input: Many farmers , too removed to glean psyllium 's new sparkle in the West , have decided to plant mustard , fennel , cumin , fenugreek or castor-oil seeds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was too removed to glean psyllium 's new sparkle in the West .','Many farmers have decided to plant mustard , fennel , cumin , fenugreek or castor-oil seeds .')

Input: Mr. Jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jath is Mr. .','Jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel .')

Input: And the world could experience its first psyllium shortage .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But then they wake up to a nightmare .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Insurance companies will offer a good rate if no one is sick , but it 's a roll of the dice , says Rosemary Heinhold of the Small Business Service Bureau , a group representing 35,000 small businesses nationwide .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One case of cancer or a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('One case of cancer go up 40 % to 60 % .','A high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % .')

Input: But it says that rapid rate increases are directly tied to the soaring cost of health care .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what it says .','Rapid rate increases are directly tied to the soaring cost of health care .')

Input: It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones and gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It just makes healthy businesses subsidize unhealthy ones .','It just gives each employer less incentive to keep his workers healthy .')

Input: Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares .','Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding .')

Input: The closely held supermarket chain named Frank Nicastro vice president and treasurer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The closely held supermarket chain named Frank Nicastro vice president .','The closely held supermarket chain named treasurer .')

Input: But in the stock and real-estate markets , activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('But in the stock and real-estate markets , activity remains spotty .','Prices have regained much of their lost ground .')

Input: China 's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to local industry .',', China 's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives .')

Input: These benefits seem secure despite China 's current economic and political troubles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Outflows of people and capital from Hong Kong have been growing since the sovereignty issue first arose in the early 1980s .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Outflows of people and capital from Hong Kong have been growing .','The sovereignty issue first arose in the early 1980s .')

Input: With interest in emigration and investment abroad soaring since June 4 , that assumption no longer seems so safe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with interest in emigration and investment abroad soaring since June 4 .','That assumption no longer seems so safe .')

Input: Investment and emigration plans take time to come to fruition .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Investment and emigration plans take time .','This is to come to fruition .')

Input: Only four months have passed since the Beijing massacre , and few are prepared to predict its ultimate impact .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Only four months have passed since the Beijing massacre .','Few are prepared to predict its ultimate impact .')

Input: The only consensus is that more money and people may leave Hong Kong than had been thought likely .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The only consensus is .','More money and people may leave Hong Kong than had been thought likely .')

Input: But with local investors shaken by China 's political and economic turmoil , she says , a genuine recovery may not arrive until Hong Kong can prove itself secure under Chinese sovereignty .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But with local investors shaken by China 's political and economic turmoil , she says , a genuine recovery may not arrive .','Hong Kong can prove itself secure under Chinese sovereignty .')

Input: Only twice since the 1960s has annual gross domestic product growth here fallen below 5 % for two or more consecutive years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if the Japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The Japanese return in force .','But , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment .')

Input: Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S. , Hong Kong 's biggest export market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But economic arguments , however solid , wo n't necessarily impress Hong Kong 's 5.7 million people .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however solid .','But economic arguments wo n't necessarily impress Hong Kong 's 5.7 million people .')

Input: Many are refugees , having fled China 's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many are refugees .','Many was having fled China 's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949 .')

Input: And while signs of an economic slowdown , softer corporate earnings and troubles with takeover financing all have contributed to the stock market 's recent weakness , many investors rushed to blame program trading for aggravating market swings .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Signs of an economic slowdown , softer corporate earnings and troubles with takeover financing all have contributed to the stock market 's recent weakness .','And , many investors rushed to blame program trading for aggravating market swings .')

Input: Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Co. and Founders Asset Management Inc. also cut off brokerage firms that engage in program trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phoenix Mutual Life Insurance Co. and Founders Asset Management Inc. also cut off brokerage firms .','Brokerage firms engage in program trading .')

Input: Some observers say that different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some observers say .','Different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility .')

Input: Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more expensive market and buys the cheaper one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets , and the adjustments are often abrupt .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more expensive market and buys the cheaper one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets .','The adjustments are often abrupt .')

Input: But unequal trading rules allow the futures market to trade differently from stocks , which invites frequent bouts of stock-index arbitrage in the first place .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But unequal trading rules allow the futures market to trade differently from stocks .',', Stocks invites frequent bouts of stock-index arbitrage in the first place .')

Input: Like so many trends in the entertainment industry , the current spate of rape dramas on television seems to represent a confluence of high-mindedness and self-interest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is like so many trends in the entertainment industry .','The current spate of rape dramas on television seems to represent a confluence of high-mindedness and self-interest .')

Input: Put these together , and you get programs about rape .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Put these together .','You get programs about rape .')

Input: But tonight 's offering , Settle the Score -LRB- 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC -RRB- , does n't even try .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on NBC .','But tonight 's offering , Settle the Score -LRB- 9-11 p.m. EST -RRB- , does n't even try .')

Input: But it 's more like an illustration of what Ben Stein describes in his study of social attitudes in the TV industry : Fear of violence and animosity ... because of race or religion , fear and lack of comprehension about the politics of small-town people ... produce a powerful wave of dislike of small towns in the minds of TV writers and producers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But in Mr. Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sohmer is Mr. .','But in Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg .')

Input: There are two exceptions : Josh -LRB- Jeffrey DeMunn -RRB- , the local doctor who has always loved Kate ; and Lincoln -LRB- Richard Masur -RRB- , Kate 's simple-minded but affectionate brother .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There are two exceptions : Josh -LRB- Jeffrey DeMunn -RRB- , the local doctor ; and Lincoln -LRB- Richard Masur -RRB- , Kate 's simple-minded but affectionate brother .','The local doctor has always loved Kate .')

Input: At this point , the truce between feminism and sensationalism gets mighty uneasy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at this point .','The truce between feminism and sensationalism gets mighty uneasy .')

Input: Or the one in which she and Josh are stranded in the city , and , after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing nothing but a mini-slip and a push-up bra .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the spokesman said .','The proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions .')

Input: But employing this kind of gut-wrenching plea to black consciousness makes it even more unusual .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to black consciousness .','But employing this kind of gut-wrenching plea makes it even more unusual .')

Input: Some shows just do n't impress , he says , and this is one of them .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some shows just do n't impress .','This is one of them .')

Input: But with sales growth sluggish and other men 's stores putting on the heat , the venerable retailer can no longer afford such a smug attitude .
Prediction: NONE

Input: During the four-day promotion , shoppers at the Short Hills , N.J. , store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the four-day promotion .',', Shoppers at the Short Hills , N.J. , store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits .')

Input: The message is loud and clear : This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The message is loud and clear .','This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers .')

Input: We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear here or younger customers who only buy their -LCB- job -RCB- interview suit here , says William Roberti , chairman and chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The rigid Ivy League customer , Brooks Brothers ' bread and butter , meanwhile is becoming extinct .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Brooks Brothers ' bread and butter are the rigid Ivy League customer .','The rigid Ivy League customer meanwhile is becoming extinct .')

Input: But it now offers more two-button versions and suits with a tapered fit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Price wanted to run the MTM business and may have regretted selling the company to TVS , suggested Charles Denton , managing director of Zenith Productions , a subsidiary of Carlton Communications PLC , London .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The market for reruns sold to local U.S. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The market for reruns has been weak for the past three or four seasons .','Reruns were sold to local U.S. broadcasters .')

Input: Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals .','Both offers are conditional on enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding .')

Input: At the close of business Thursday , Ciba-Geigy and Chiron said 11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ciba-Geigy and Chiron said at the close of business .','11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer .')

Input: General Motors Corp. 's GMC Truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive on its 1990 full-sized Jimmy and Suburban trucks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on its 1990 full-sized Jimmy and Suburban trucks .','General Motors Corp. 's GMC Truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive .')

Input: Meanwhile , inside the courtroom , the judge said he would fine attorneys for the two creditors $ 50 every time they referred to each other with terms such as liar or slime .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the judge said inside the courtroom .','He would fine attorneys for the two creditors $ 50 every time they referred to each other with terms such as liar or slime .')

Input: A reorganization plan proposed jointly by the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover was stalled by a negative vote from Minpeco .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pacific First owns Pacific First Federal Savings Banks and other financial services firms .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Pacific First owns Pacific First Federal Savings Banks .','Pacific First owns other financial services firms .')

Input: General Electric Co. 's rail-car leasing unit completed the $ 178.5 million purchase of similar businesses from Leucadia National Corp. and Brae Corp. , 74%-owned by Leucadia , the sellers said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('General Electric Co. 's rail-car leasing unit completed the $ 178.5 million purchase of similar businesses from Leucadia National Corp. and Brae Corp. , 74 % - owned by Leucadia .','This was what the sellers said .')

Input: Sows for breeding and bred gilts totaled 1,070,000 , down 2 % from a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down 2 % from a year ago .',', Sows for breeding and bred gilts totaled 1,070,000 .')

Input: Roger L. Sutton , executive vice president , was appointed as the new president and chief operating officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roger L. Sutton was executive vice president .','Roger L. Sutton was appointed as the new president and chief operating officer .')

Input: A Concord spokeswoman called the suit unfounded but declined to comment further .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A Concord spokeswoman called the suit unfounded .','A Concord spokeswoman declined to comment further .')

Input: Besides being upset with the film 's use of the Hells Angels name and logos , the Angels are angry with their depiction in the movie .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Angels are being upset with the film 's use of the Hells Angels name and logos .','The Angels are angry with their depiction in the movie .')

Input: There is absolutely no way our board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells Angels in this movie , said George Christie , president of the club 's Ventura chapter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hells Angels was formed in 1948 and incorporated in 1966 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hells Angels was formed in 1948 .','Hells Angels was incorporated in 1966 .')

Input: The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells , several of which fell back to Earth , destroying homes and buildings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or land in Russia so often .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He even had sex with one -- sort of , and not intentionally -- as readers learned in his Communion -LRB- a book recently described in the New York Times as a nonfiction best seller -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He even had sex with one -- sort of , and not intentionally -- .','Readers learned in his Communion -LRB- a book recently described in the New York Times as a nonfiction best seller -RRB- .')

Input: The apparent crash became top secret , and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The apparent crash became top secret .','The alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings .')

Input: A decline may come in the first half of 1990 , he said , but the market does n't appear on the verge of a severe downturn .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A decline may come in the first half of 1990 .','The market does n't appear on the verge of a severe downturn .')

Input: Akzo also has spent heavily on acquisitions in paints , auto finishes and industrial coatings .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Akzo also has spent heavily on acquisitions in paints .','Akzo also has spent heavily on acquisitions in auto finishes .','Akzo also has spent heavily on acquisitions in industrial coatings .')

Input: Akzo also has small operations in diagnostic tests , generic drugs and veterinary products .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Akzo also has small operations in diagnostic tests .','Akzo also has small operations in generic drugs .','Akzo also has small operations in veterinary products .')

Input: British politicians divide into two groups of chickens , those with their necks cut and those screaming the sky is falling .
Prediction: CO/LIST('British politicians divide into two groups of chickens .','Those with their necks cut .','Those screaming the sky is falling .')

Input: Or to supply enough money to meet the increased demand and stabilize the exchange rate , as the Chancellor argued , and ensure the permanence of this policy by joining the EMS .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by joining the EMS .','Or to supply enough money to meet the increased demand and stabilize the exchange rate , as the Chancellor argued , and ensure the permanence of this policy .')

Input: But this devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector , laying the seeds of protectionism .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But this devastated the U.S. manufacturing sector .','But this was laying the seeds of protectionism .')

Input: In pursuit of this mystery , Keynesian adepts and twin-deficit mavens need not apply .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in pursuit of this mystery .','Keynesian adepts and twin-deficit mavens need not apply .')

Input: Inflation is easier to spark and harder to control .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it was the underlying situation .','The underlying situation became intolerable .')

Input: They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They confront stubborn inflation .','They confront a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation .')

Input: Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts , and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money -LRB- which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts , and find some monetary policy target .',', Some monetary policy target balances both supply and demand for money -LRB- which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do -RRB- .')

Input: Mr. Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was Mr. .','Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover .')

Input: The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising , public relations and design all in one place , or Ogilvy Orchestration in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising all in one place , or Ogilvy Orchestration in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality .','The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying public relations all in one place , or Ogilvy Orchestration in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality .','The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying design all in one place , or Ogilvy Orchestration in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality .')

Input: Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips was Mr. .','Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Phillips is up to the task .')

Input: And while last week the agency hired a top Chiat\/Day\/Mojo executive , Bill Hamilton , to try to bolster its work , Graham has to get the revenue of that New York office moving , says James Dougherty , an analyst with County NatWest Securities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Phillips and Mr. Roman are indeed quite similar in substance , if not in style .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Phillips is Mr. .','Phillips and Roman are indeed quite similar in substance , if not in style .')

Input: But margins will be helped , too , by some other cost-saving steps .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was too .','But margins will be helped by some other cost-saving steps .')

Input: Excluding those businesses , earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation for 1988 would have been $ 728.5 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was excluding those businesses .','Earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation for 1988 would have been $ 728.5 million .')

Input: This includes $ 4.6 billion of long-term debt , $ 457.5 million in short-term debt , and $ 95.7 million of the current portion of long-term debt .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This includes $ 4.6 billion of long-term debt .','This includes $ 457.5 million in short-term debt .','This includes $ 95.7 million of the current portion of long-term debt .')

Input: Louis Gerstner Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of New York-based RJR , called the sale a significant step in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a a strategic divestiture .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Louis Gerstner Jr. was chairman and chief executive officer of New York-based RJR .','Louis Gerstner Jr. called the sale a significant step in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a a strategic divestiture .')

Input: Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. , but RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. .','RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % .')

Input: But because these claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('These claims are more difficult to evaluate and have been coming in more slowly .','But , the company has no estimate of the impact of the earthquake on fourth-quarter results .')

Input: Here , at a soccer stadium near the black township of Soweto yesterday , were eight leaders of the African National Congress , seven of whom had spent most of their adult lives in prison for sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the words that boomed over the loudspeakers bore messages of peace , unity , negotiation and discipline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the words bore messages of peace , unity , negotiation and discipline .','The words boomed over the loudspeakers .')

Input: Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences , and allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences .','Pretoria allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence .')

Input: The government of President F.W. de Klerk is using this situation to improve its international image and head off further economic sanctions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('F.W. de Klerk is The government of President .','F.W. de Klerk is using this situation to improve its international image and head off further economic sanctions .')

Input: The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The result is .','The unthinkable and illogical are happening .')

Input: Still , this does n't mean that either the government or the ANC is changing stripes -- or that either has moved significantly closer to the other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was still .','This does n't mean that either the government or the ANC is changing stripes -- or that either has moved significantly closer to the other .')

Input: But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines .','But now Westinghouse may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers .')

Input: And with its new venture with Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. , announced last week , it is poised to penetrate growing markets overseas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And with its new venture with Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. , it is poised to penetrate growing markets overseas .','Japan 's Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. were announced last week .')

Input: Westinghouse 's earnings could be materially enhanced in the mid-1990s or sooner , says Russell L. Leavitt , of Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We have n't decided on a strategy yet , but we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer or just the supplier , says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy and utility systems group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner , and package and sell them with its own generators and other equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the agreement .','Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner , and package and sell them with its own generators and other equipment .')

Input: Even though we 'll still compete against Mitsubishi , we can also work jointly on some projects , and we 'll gain a lot of sourcing flexibility , Mr. Stern contends .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stern is Mr. .','Even though we 'll still compete against Mitsubishi , we can also work jointly on some projects , and we 'll gain a lot of sourcing flexibility , Stern contends .')

Input: Despite shutdowns of the company 's Lester and East Pittsburgh plants , the company believes it has sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand with its much smaller and more efficient manufacturing facilities in North Carolina .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the company believes despite shutdowns of the company 's Lester and East Pittsburgh plants .','It has sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand with its much smaller and more efficient manufacturing facilities in North Carolina .')

Input: The Pale Pachyderms propelled six of 'em out of the unfriendly confines of Candlestick Park during the two games en route to 13-7 and 9-6 wins over the San Francisco Giants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the two games .','The Pale Pachyderms propelled six of 'em out of the unfriendly confines of Candlestick Park en route to 13-7 and 9-6 wins over the San Francisco Giants .')

Input: Combined with their two pre-quake victories , way back on Oct. 14 and 15 -LRB- the scores were 5-0 and 5-1 , remember ? -RRB- , that gave them a sweep of the best-of-seven series .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was combined with their two pre-quake victories .','Way back on Oct. 14 and 15 -LRB- the scores were 5-0 and 5-1 , remember ? -RRB- , that gave them a sweep of the best-of-seven series .')

Input: That 's geologically correct , but a trifle unfair otherwise .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if the A 's had n't won in four , they would have prevailed in five , or six , or seven .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The A 's had n't won in four .','But , they would have prevailed in five , or six , or seven .')

Input: The best baseball teams win six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The best baseball teams win .',', Six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10 .')

Input: But in the real world , you learn that speed and quality are not a trade-off .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But in the real world , you learn .',', Speed and quality are not a trade-off .')

Input: No customer is present at the morning package sort , but the process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('No customer is present at the morning package sort .','The process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction .')

Input: But we did n't know just where it was until we completed our data gathering , Mr. Mortimer says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mortimer was Mr. .','But we did n't know just where it was until we completed our data gathering , Mortimer says .')

Input: We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('We used the data .','This was to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good .')

Input: The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The team even created a points system .','This was to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time .')

Input: And service levels have increased to the point where they 're consistently above 99 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , Mr. Anton concludes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Anton is Mr. .','The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , Anton concludes .')

Input: The successes achieved at Federal Express , Union Carbide and Grumman suggest that managing speed may be an underutilized source of competitive advantage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The successes achieved at Federal Express , Union Carbide and Grumman suggest .','Managing speed may be an underutilized source of competitive advantage .')

Input: And they prepare all their people to increase the speed and improve the quality of their own work .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('And they prepare all their people .','This is to increase the speed and improve the quality of their own work .')

Input: Home taping of pre-recorded music cuts into record industry revenues , but banning home taping would hurt consumers even more .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Home taping of pre-recorded music cuts into record industry revenues .','Banning home taping would hurt consumers even more .')

Input: I think it is a nail in the coffin in any royalty tax proposal , says Gary Shapiro , vice president for government and legal affairs of the Electronic Industries Association in Washington .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the disappointing sales of DAT machines here and abroad so far have not seemed to warrant the three years of legal wrangling that went into the agreement .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the disappointing sales of DAT machines here and abroad so far have not seemed to warrant the three years of legal wrangling .','The three years of legal wrangling went into the agreement .')

Input: His latest coup : September 's masterminding of the five billion Swiss-franc -LRB- $ 3.07 billion -RRB- merger between Adia S.A. , the world 's second-largest temporary employment agency , and Inspectorate International S.A. , a Rey-controlled product-inspection company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But after restructuring under new management , the profits began rolling in .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('But the profits were restructuring under new management .','But , the profits began rolling in .')

Input: They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They renamed it Swiss Cantobank .','They are using it to expand abroad .')

Input: In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ; Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ; Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ; Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ; and major real-estate projects in the U.S. and Europe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says he wants to influence but not manage companies .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','He wants to influence but not manage companies .')

Input: Ultimate expects the 3 1\/2-year agreement to generate $ 100 million in sales , but it would n't estimate profit .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Ultimate expects the 31\/2 - year agreement to generate $ 100 million in sales .','It would n't estimate profit .')

Input: In the second step of a reorganization that began earlier this year , Boeing Co. said it will create a Defense and Space Group to consolidate several divisions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Boeing Co. said in the second step of a reorganization that began earlier this year .','It will create a Defense and Space Group to consolidate several divisions .')

Input: Nor did it ease restrictions on exports to Poland and Hungary , according to U.S. officials who attended the talks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The officials said this meeting put in motion procedural steps that would speed up both of these functions , but that no specific decisions were taken on either matter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the officials said .','This meeting put in motion procedural steps that would speed up both of these functions , but that no specific decisions were taken on either matter .')

Input: Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed .','The company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year .')

Input: The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The quarter was terrible .','The future looks anything but encouraging .')

Input: Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion .','Debt has risen to about 50 % of total capitalization .')

Input: The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business .','We 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company .')

Input: And Unisys is expected to do little better than break even in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ? he asked .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ? .','This was what he asked .')

Input: And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was just recently .','And Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % .')

Input: Now a rocky stock market and weak corporate profits may further threaten the economy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Now a rocky stock market may further threaten the economy .','Now weak corporate profits may further threaten the economy .')

Input: But with some clients , the talk can heat up a bit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And it may be right , judging from last week 's report that inflation-adjusted gross national product rose at a 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You make a forecast , and then you become its prisoner .
Prediction: CO/LIST('You make a forecast .','Then you become its prisoner .')

Input: For some time , we had forecast negative third - and fourth-quarter growth .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for some time .','We had forecast negative third - and fourth-quarter growth .')

Input: Crane , a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses , made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Crane was a maker of engineered products for aerospace , construction , defense and other uses .',', Crane made the disclosure in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .')

Input: The opposition Labor Party leader , Neil Kinnock , in a display of the male chauvinism typical of the British lower class , denounced Mrs. Thatcher for having an independent mind and refusing to heed the men in her Cabinet .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sir Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan is Sir .','Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy .')

Input: As there is an effort to anchor the dollar either to gold or other currencies , the dispute is worth examining .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There is an effort to anchor the dollar either to gold or other currencies .','The dispute is worth examining .')

Input: This has led them in a fruitless and destructive policy circle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a fruitless and destructive policy circle .','This has led them .')

Input: The implications for Britain , France and the rest of Europe of having their currencies tied to the economic policy of a neutral country need considering before we judge Mr. Lawson 's resignation to be unfortunate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lawson is Mr. .','The implications for Britain , France and the rest of Europe of having their currencies tied to the economic policy of a neutral country need considering before we judge Lawson 's resignation to be unfortunate .')

Input: Control Data mainframes are designed for numerically intensive computing users , such as the scientific , engineering and academic communities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as the scientific , engineering and academic communities .',', Control Data mainframes are designed for numerically intensive computing users .')

Input: Perhaps it 's entertaining for those like you to discount the concerns of environmentalists , suggesting that their save-the-earth initiatives are whacky and referring to so many citizens as la-la activists .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as la-la activists .','Perhaps it 's entertaining for those like you to discount the concerns of environmentalists , suggesting that their save-the-earth initiatives are whacky and referring to so many citizens .')

Input: Strange that we do n't hear similar criticisms of the East Coast activists who seek to clean up Boston Harbor or rid their beaches of medical waste .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said , Is this not Anti-Christ ?
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it was Frank Lloyd Wright .','Frank Lloyd Wright said , Is this not Anti-Christ ? .')

Input: The Moloch that knows no God but more ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens in particular as la-la activists .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in particular as la-la activists .','The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens .')

Input: I have a different approach to offer , not only to Californians , but to all Americans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is not only to Californians , but to all Americans .','I have a different approach to offer .')

Input: Revenue last year increased by more than 11 % over 1988 , and net income nearly tripled from restated year-earlier net of $ 900 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Revenue last year increased by more than 11 % over 1988 .','Net income nearly tripled from restated year-earlier net of $ 900 million .')

Input: Mr. Kryuchkov was quoted as saying that in place of the infamous 5th Directorate a new unit would work to foil the conspiracies of foreign intelligence services to create and use organized anti-government groups in our country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kryuchkov was Mr. .','Kryuchkov was quoted as saying that in place of the infamous 5th Directorate a new unit would work to foil the conspiracies of foreign intelligence services to create and use organized anti-government groups in our country .')

Input: Rising inflation in Poland and Hungary makes Czechoslovak food , clothing and shoes relatively cheap for visitors from these countries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for visitors from these countries .','Rising inflation in Poland and Hungary makes Czechoslovak food , clothing and shoes relatively cheap .')

Input: The consortium of scientists and companies was set up by Italy to help preserve the fabled city of canals .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The consortium of scientists and companies was set up by Italy .','This was to help preserve the fabled city of canals .')

Input: Many programs we have now come from the West and are not suitable to our culture , a government minister said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shortly after that , Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million and offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber and Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is shortly after that .',', Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million and offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber and Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia .')

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do n't have much to gain from a protracted battle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .','Guber and Peters do n't have much to gain from a protracted battle .')

Input: But the Warner executives in their affidavits deny ever telling the producers they could get out of their written contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the Warner executives in their affidavits deny ever telling the producers .','They could get out of their written contract the producers .')

Input: The system is still under construction and will serve a market of 7,600 homes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The system is still under construction .','The system will serve a market of 7,600 homes .')

Input: The company also has acquired Sundance Publishers and Distributors Inc. , a family owned producer and distributor of educational materials in Littleton , Mass .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sundance Publishers and Distributors Inc. were a family owned producer and distributor of educational materials in Littleton , Mass .','The company also has acquired Sundance Publishers and Distributors Inc. .')

Input: The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 .','The federal deficit was $ 149.69 billion in 1987 .')

Input: The increase reflects spending on the S&L rescue as well as payroll and Social Security checks normally issued in October that were issued in September this year because Oct. 1 fell on a Sunday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The increase reflects spending on the S&L rescue as well as payroll and Social Security checks normally issued in October .','October were issued in September this year because Oct. 1 fell on a Sunday .')

Input: But analysts say Sansui is a special case .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say .',', Sansui is a special case .')

Input: But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year .','Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies .')

Input: Nor do analysts expect the Sansui deal to touch off a fresh wave of foreign purchases .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive mini-component sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive mini-component sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players .','Mini-component sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players could be stacked on top of each other .')

Input: Sansui was late into the mini-component business and failed to branch into other new businesses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sansui was late into the mini-component business .',', Sansui failed to branch into other new businesses .')

Input: And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui .','And , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer .')

Input: The plan still calls for LIN to combine its cellular telephone properties with BellSouth 's and to spin off its broadcasting operations .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The plan still calls for LIN .','This is to combine its cellular telephone properties with BellSouth 's and to spin off its broadcasting operations .')

Input: But I do n't think we 're at that point yet .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But I do n't think .','We 're at that point yet .')

Input: Stock-index arbitrage -- the computer-guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .',', Stock-index arbitrage -- the computer-guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market .')

Input: Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program-trade OTC stocks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Merrill Lynch do program-trade OTC stocks .','Goldman Sachs do program-trade OTC stocks .','Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program-trade OTC stocks .')

Input: No one has big positions and no one wants to take big risks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('No one has big positions .','No one wants to take big risks .')

Input: This gap eventually closes , but slowly .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('This gap eventually closes .','This gap eventually slowly .')

Input: Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's abnormal fever in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Fund managers said .','Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's abnormal fever in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares .')

Input: Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .','That selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest .')

Input: Last week 's best and worst performing stocks among those issues that make up 80 % of the world 's stock market capitalization -LRB- in local currency -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort .','This was to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands .')

Input: U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks .','Talks were aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases .')

Input: That acquisition , to be completed by year end , will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines , making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That acquisition , to be completed by year end , will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines .','That acquisition , to be completed by year end , is making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets .')

Input: But industry watchers expect them to blend the methodical marketing strategies they use for more mundane products with the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But industry watchers expect them to blend the methodical marketing strategies .','They use the methodical marketing strategies for more mundane products with the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies .')

Input: But some cosmetics-industry executives wonder whether techniques honed in packaged goods will translate to the cosmetics business .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some cosmetics-industry executives wonder .','Whether techniques honed in packaged goods will translate to the cosmetics business .')

Input: Just because upscale cosmetics look like packaged goods and smell like packaged goods , it does n't mean they are packaged goods , says Leonard Lauder , chief executive of Estee Lauder .
Prediction: NONE

Input: P&G set out to reposition the brand by broadening the product line to include facial cleansers and moisturizers for sensitive skin .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by broadening the product line to include facial cleansers and moisturizers for sensitive skin .','P&G set out to reposition the brand .')

Input: Goliaths like Unilever and P&G have enormous financial advantages over smaller rivals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Unlike the old-line cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G both have enormous research and development bases to draw on for new products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is unlike the old-line cosmetics houses .','Unilever and P&G both have enormous research and development bases to draw on for new products .')

Input: But success for Unilever and P&G is far from guaranteed , as shown by the many consumer-product companies that have tried and failed to master the quirky beauty business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But success for Unilever and P&G is far from guaranteed , as shown by the many consumer-product companies .','The many consumer-product companies have tried and failed to master the quirky beauty business .')

Input: Because brand loyalty is weak and most cosmetics purchases are unplanned , careful training of store sales staffs by cosmetics companies is important .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There may be a truce in the long war of nerves between the White House and Congress over how this country conducts secret intelligence operations abroad .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There may be a truce in the long war of nerves between the White House .','There may be a truce in Congress over how this country conducts secret intelligence operations abroad .')

Input: We 've finally been able to convince them that Casey and -LCB- Oliver -RCB- North do n't work here anymore , says one administration official .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The new understanding did n't just spring to life in a spontaneous eruption of sweetness and light .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a spontaneous eruption of sweetness and light .','The new understanding did n't just spring to life .')

Input: The White House used television appearances and leaks to argue that congressionally imposed restrictions on covert actions made U.S. support for such coups difficult .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The White House used television appearances and leaks .','This was to argue that congressionally imposed restrictions on covert actions made U.S. support for such coups difficult .')

Input: And a pending Justice Department interpretation of the assassination ban could raise questions that would have to be settled .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And a pending Justice Department interpretation of the assassination ban could raise questions .','Questions would have to be settled .')

Input: And they continue anonymously attacking CIA Director William Webster for being too accommodating to the committee .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Webster is CIA Director .','And they continue anonymously attacking William Webster for being too accommodating to the committee .')

Input: They should call -LCB- the exchange -RCB- Trump East , charged Mr. Wohlstetter , the 79-year-old founder of Contel who 's also a former investment banker and stock trader .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Contel is a $ 6 billion telephone and electronics company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Among those Mr. Wohlstetter said he has been talking to are Sanford Weill of Primerica Corp. , which is the parent of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. ; GTE Corp. 's James Johnson , and ITT Corp. 's Rand Araskog .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings , the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings .','The government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies .')

Input: Currency traders , suspecting Mr. Major wo n't defend the pound strenuously , sent the British currency sharply lower Friday against the dollar and West German mark .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Major was Mr. .',', Currency traders , suspecting Major wo n't defend the pound strenuously , sent the British currency sharply lower Friday against the dollar and West German mark .')

Input: Of immediate concern is whether the Thatcher government will continue Mr. Lawson 's policy of tracking the monetary policies of the West German Bundesbank and responding in kind when the Frankfurt authorities move interest rates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Joseph L. Dionne , chairman and chief executive officer of McGraw-Hill Inc. , was elected to the board of directors of this electronics manufacturer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Joseph L. Dionne was chairman and chief executive officer of McGraw-Hill Inc. .','Joseph L. Dionne was elected to the board of directors of this electronics manufacturer .')

Input: The women indicated which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the women indicated .','Which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did .')

Input: But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework than those in less-educated families .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was than those in less-educated families .','But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework .')

Input: Her share decreases , but only slightly .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Her share decreases .','Her share only slightly .')

Input: State governments place very low ceilings on how much property people may own or how much income they may keep if they want welfare help on medical bills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on how much property people may own or how much income they may keep if they want welfare help on medical bills .',', State governments place very low ceilings .')

Input: But a remarkably high percentage -- over half -- are private payers throughout their stay , even a fairly lengthy one .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tom Smith is chief investigator .','But , says Tom Smith , this does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues .')

Input: Answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal that men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal .','Men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s .')

Input: They were also as liberal or more liberal than any other age group in the 1986 through 1989 surveys .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That compares with 58 % of the similar age group in the 1980 through 1982 surveys and 55 % in the 1972 through 1975 surveys .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That compares with 58 % of the similar age group in the 1980 through 1982 surveys .','That compares with 58 % of 55 % in the 1972 through 1975 surveys .')

Input: CP_START CC CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: SEPARATED and divorced men and women are far more likely to be smokers than married persons , the Centers for Disease Control discovers ... .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Centers for Disease Control discovers are married persons .',', SEPARATED and divorced men and women are far more likely to be smokers than married persons ... .')

Input: And indeed , as he later reported , that was the import of the meeting .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He later reported .','And indeed , that was the import of the meeting .')

Input: Mr. Ayers is editor and publisher of the Anniston , Ala. , Star .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ayers is Mr. .','Ayers is editor and publisher of the Anniston , Ala. , Star .')

Input: Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Irving maintained -- and still does -- .','Its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers .')

Input: Federal Reserve critics used to complain of stop and go monetary policies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he refused , claiming that he wanted to see what happened Monday morning before making any public statement .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Factory payrolls and production fell in September , and the auto industry and housing are in a severe crunch .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Factory payrolls and production fell in September .','The auto industry and housing are in a severe crunch .')

Input: But such caution is no guarantee against mistakes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ECI Environmental Inc. , initial offering of 1.1 million shares , of which ECI will sell 990,000 and co-founders will sell 110,000 shares , via Oppenheimer & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Industrial Funding Corp. , initial offering of common stock , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Hopwood .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Spencer J. Volk was president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company .',', Spencer J. Volk was elected a director .')

Input: But the Reagan administration thought otherwise , and so may the Bush administration .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But we will take it into consideration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is into consideration .','But we will take it .')

Input: Lisa Raines , a lawyer and director of government relations for the Industrial Biotechnical Association , contends that a judge well-versed in patent law and the concerns of research-based industries would have ruled otherwise .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lisa Raines was a lawyer and director of government relations for the Industrial Biotechnical Association .','Lisa Raines contends that a judge well-versed in patent law and the concerns of research-based industries would have ruled otherwise .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: Only a few months ago , the 124-year-old securities firm seemed to be on the verge of a meltdown , racked by internal squabbles and defections .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was only a few months ago .','The 124-year-old securities firm seemed to be on the verge of a meltdown , racked by internal squabbles and defections .')

Input: Chief executives and presidents had come and gone .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But they have to attract good senior bankers .','Good senior bankers can bring in the business from day one .')

Input: The firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed .','Its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people .')

Input: We are working significantly longer and harder than has been the case in the past , says Scott C. Newquist , Kidder 's head of investment banking since June .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives , polypropylene and polyethylene .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha .','This is to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives , polypropylene and polyethylene .')

Input: The project has been in and out of the pipeline for more than a decade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: El Paso owns and operates a petroleum refinery .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's a major issue , and they would n't want to leave it at a lower level , says Stephen Glazier , a New York attorney whose writings have been instrumental in pushing the idea that a president already has a line-item veto .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there may be another problem with the device : Despite all the political angst it would cause , it might n't be effective in cutting the deficit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But there may be another problem with the device .','Despite all the political angst it would cause , it might n't be effective in cutting the deficit .')

Input: Big chunks of the government budget , like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare , would n't be affected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare .','Big chunks of the government budget would n't be affected .')

Input: And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant .','And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work .')

Input: Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant .','The new facility was to have been Kellogg 's largest construction project .')

Input: But in recent weeks , construction-industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what construction-industry sources reported in recent weeks .','Early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site .')

Input: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: Import values are calculated on a cost , insurance and freight -LRB- c.i.f . -RRB- basis , while exports are accounted for on a free-on-board -LRB- f.o.b . -RRB- basis .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Import values are calculated on a cost , insurance and freight -LRB- c.i.f . -RRB- basis .','Exports are accounted for on a free-on-board -LRB- f.o.b . -RRB- basis .')

Input: As competition heats up in Spain 's crowded bank market , Banco Exterior de Espana is seeking to shed its image of a state-owned bank and move into new activities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Competition heats up in Spain 's crowded bank market .','Banco Exterior de Espana is seeking to shed its image of a state-owned bank and move into new activities .')

Input: Catching up with commercial competitors in retail banking and financial services , they argue , will be difficult , particularly if market conditions turn sour .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior 's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of heavy competition and changing client needs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior 's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of heavy competition .','The other two main pillars of Banco Exterior 's traditional business -- wholesale banking and foreign currency trading -- also began to crumble under the weight of changing client needs .')

Input: But Mr. Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy , cut costs , increase capital and build up new areas of business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Luzon was Mr. .','But Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy , cut costs , increase capital and build up new areas of business .')

Input: The bank employs 8,000 people in Spain and 2,000 abroad .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bank employs 8,000 people in Spain abroad .','The bank employs 8,000 people in 2,000 abroad .')

Input: The bank says it 's interested in purchasing banks in Morocco , Portugal and Puerto Rico .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the bank says .','It 's interested in purchasing banks in Morocco , Portugal and Puerto Rico .')

Input: The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan -- from 1980 to 1987 .','The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 .')

Input: But the New Jersey U.S. attorney averaged 16 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We believe our suggested plan is more likely to improve the availability of quality legal service to the poor than is the proposed mandatory pro bono plan and will achieve that objective without the divisiveness , distraction , administrative burdens and possible failure that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The merger must be formally approved by the partners of both firms but is expected to be completed by year end .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The merger must be formally approved by the partners of both firms .','The merger is expected to be completed by year end .')

Input: Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas , and Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas .','Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans .')

Input: Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Mr. Tonkin 's plan as unworkable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tonkin was Mr. .','Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Tonkin 's plan as unworkable .')

Input: It is going to sound neat to the dealer except when his 15-day car supply does n't include the bright red one that the lady wants to buy and she goes up the street to buy one , a Chrysler spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: No employee or vendor would be involved .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investigators have been trying to determine whether the crash was an accident , sabotage or suicide .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the company said the political contributions had been made more than five years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','The political contributions had been made more than five years ago .')

Input: The bills will be dated Oct. 31 and will mature Dec. 21 ,
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bills will be dated Oct. 31 .','The bills will mature Dec. 21 .')

Input: The three-month bills will still mature Feb. 1 , 1990 , and the six-month bills on May 3 , 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on May 3 , 1990 .','The three-month bills will still mature Feb. 1 , 1990 , and the six-month bills .')

Input: But he added : Some people use the purchasers ' index as a leading indicator , some use it as a coincident indicator .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a coincident indicator .','But he added : Some people use the purchasers ' index as a leading indicator , some use it .')

Input: All orders-related components , such as consumer-goods orders and building permits , are thought to have been weaker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as consumer-goods orders and building permits .','All orders-related components are thought to have been weaker .')

Input: Usually , October is n't a very interesting month -LCB- for retail figures -RCB- because school clothes have been bought and people are waiting for December to buy Christmas presents , he said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Domestic machine tool plants received $ 303 million of orders last month , up 33 % from August 's $ 227.1 million , but still below the $ 328.2 million of September 1988 , NMTBA said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Domestic machine tool plants received $ 303 million of orders last month , up 33 % from August 's $ 227.1 million , but still below the $ 328.2 million of September 1988 .','This was what NMTBA said .')

Input: September was one of the biggest order months in our history , says James R. Roberts , vice president , world-wide sales and marketing , for Giddings & Lewis Inc. , Fond du Lac , Wis .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But sales of North American-made 1990-model cars are running at an annual rate of only six million , down from 7.1 million a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is down from 7.1 million a year earlier .','But sales of North American-made 1990-model cars are running at an annual rate of only six million .')

Input: There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries as those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries .','Those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods .')

Input: The Commerce Department says go , and the Defense Department says stop , complains one machine tool producer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the mega-issues are raising megaquestions about the rapidly evolving Indian capital market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the last stock market boom , in 1986 , seems small compared with the current rush to market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1986 .','But the last stock market boom seems small compared with the current rush to market .')

Input: These mega-issues are being propelled by two factors , economic and political .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was economic and political .','These mega-issues are being propelled by two factors .')

Input: India 's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded , but they have started to think big .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('India 's overregulated businessmen had to be persuaded .','They have started to think big .')

Input: No one admits to anything , but India 's industrialists have a history of making under-the-table campaign donations .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('No one admits to anything .','India 's industrialists have a history of making under-the-table campaign donations .')

Input: Larsen & Toubro started accepting applications for its giant issue earlier this month ; bankers and analysts expect it to be oversubscribed .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Larsen & Toubro started accepting applications for its giant issue earlier this month .','Bankers and analysts expect it to be oversubscribed .')

Input: Says M.J. Pherwani , chairman of the Unit Trust of India : The markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The government has been content with this far-reaching , subtle form of control , exercised on a case-by-case basis with no clear rules or guidelines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The government has been content with this far-reaching , subtle form of control .','This far-reaching , subtle form of control was exercised on a case-by-case basis with no clear rules or guidelines .')

Input: They 're trying to plug the various loopholes , but they 're totally unprepared for this .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They 're trying to plug the various loopholes .','They 're totally unprepared for this .')

Input: Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources company , is selling many of its assets to reduce its debts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bond Corp. is a brewing , property , media and resources company .','Bond Corp. is selling many of its assets to reduce its debts .')

Input: Lion Nathan has a concluded contract with Bond and Bell Resources , said Douglas Myers , chief executive of Lion Nathan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday the company has n't requested such a meeting yet .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday .','The company has n't requested such a meeting yet .')

Input: The GM agreement is expected to retain Jaguar 's independence by involving an eventual 30 % stake for the U.S. auto giant as well as joint manufacturing and marketing ventures .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was by involving an eventual 30 % stake for the U.S. auto giant as well as joint manufacturing and marketing ventures .','The GM agreement is expected to retain Jaguar 's independence .')

Input: There 's either a minority -LCB- stake -RCB- package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there is n't , said one knowledgeable individual .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And You Are There , sort of :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is sort of .','And You Are There : .')

Input: Abbie lies back and leaves the frame empty .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Abbie lies back .','Abbie leaves the frame empty .')

Input: Prime Time Live , a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer , has a studio audience that applauds and that one night -LRB- to the embarrassment of the network -RRB- waved at the camera like the crowd on Let 's Make a Deal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer were Prime Time Live .','Prime Time Live has a studio audience that applauds and that one night -LRB- to the embarrassment of the network -RRB- waved at the camera like the crowd on Let 's Make a Deal .')

Input: -LRB- ABC stops short of using an applause sign and a comic to warm up the audience .
Prediction: CO/LIST('-LRB- ABC stops short of using an applause sign to warm up the audience .','-LRB- ABC stops short of using a comic to warm up the audience .')

Input: The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless .
Prediction: NONE

Input: News programs , particularly if they score well in the ratings , appeal to the networks ' cost-conscious corporate parents because they are so much less expensive to produce than an entertainment show is -- somewhere between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 for a one-hour program .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('News programs , particularly if they score well in the ratings , appeal to the networks ' cost-conscious corporate parents .','They are so much less expensive to produce than an entertainment show is -- somewhere between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 for a one-hour program .')

Input: That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes , or even Connie Chung for that matter -LRB- who is paid $ 1.6 million a year and who recently did a guest shot of her own on the sitcom Murphy Brown -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Murphy Brown was the sitcom .','That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes , or even Connie Chung for that matter -LRB- who is paid $ 1.6 million a year and who recently did a guest shot of her own on Murphy Brown -RRB- .')

Input: But the money is n't peanuts either , particularly for a news program .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly for a news program .','But the money is n't peanuts either .')

Input: Says she : Once you add dramatizations , it 's no longer news , it 's drama , and that has no place on a network news broadcast ... .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It takes one person 's account and gives it authenticity .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It takes one person 's account .','It gives it authenticity .')

Input: The producers , he says , did a good job of depicting someone who had done so much , but who was also a manic-depressive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries .','They keep low profiles .')

Input: Last year , Dentsu 's foreign business accounted for less than 10 % of total billings , but the company is aiming at 20 % in the near future .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Last year , Dentsu 's foreign business accounted for less than 10 % of total billings .','The company is aiming at 20 % in the near future .')

Input: But he said Dentsu has n't looked seriously at Saatchi .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Dentsu has n't looked seriously at Saatchi .')

Input: It is setting up a special team in charge of international markets and training workers to do business abroad .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('It is setting up a special team in charge of international markets and training workers .','This is to do business abroad .')

Input: But success overseas in unfamiliar markets could be trickier than for other industries such as manufacturers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services .','They do services in Japan .')

Input: Ciba Corning makes clinical diagnostics systems and related products for the medical-care industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Ciba Corning makes clinical diagnostics systems .',', Ciba Corning makes related products for the medical-care industry .')

Input: Proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt at the beer and food concern , said Robert Vaux , vice president , finance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the notebook , with the more advanced microprocessor and hard disk , is more innovative .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the more advanced microprocessor and hard disk .','But the notebook is more innovative .')

Input: The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Northern California earthquake are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina .','Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina .')

Input: The information on 125 metropolitan markets is supplied by retailers such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. and K mart Corp. as well as closely held concerns such as R.H. Macy & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Massachusetts , which has lost jobs in the computer and defense-related industries , was the weakest link in bleak New England .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Massachusetts was the weakest link in bleak New England .','Massachusetts has lost jobs in the computer and defense-related industries .')

Input: That prompted Kerr-McGee to consider moving the potentially volatile storage facilities and cross-blending operations away from town .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bruce W. Wilkinson , president and chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this architectural and design services concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That 's because only about 30 % of California homes and businesses had earthquake insurance to cover the losses .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('That 's .','Only about 30 % of California homes and businesses had earthquake insurance to cover the losses .')

Input: However , insurance brokers and executives say that the combination of the Bay area earthquake , Hugo and last week 's explosion at the Phillips Petroleum Co. 's refinery in Pasadena , Texas , will cause property insurance and reinsurance rates to jump .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what insurance brokers and executives say .','The combination of the Bay area earthquake , Hugo and last week 's explosion at the Phillips Petroleum Co. 's refinery in Pasadena , Texas , will cause property insurance and reinsurance rates to jump .')

Input: Property reinsurance rates are likely to climb first , analysts and brokers believe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sales of electric appliances were flat , and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sales of electric appliances were flat .',', Sales of electronic equipment declined slightly .')

Input: The rights plan would be triggered if a person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The rights plan would be triggered .','A person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders .')

Input: Eight admissions representatives at two of Wilfred 's former Massachusetts schools previously pleaded guilty to charges of aiding , abetting and counseling students to submit false financial-aid applications .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Securities and Exchange Commission filings , the group has said it may seek control of Rally 's .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the group has said in the Securities and Exchange Commission filings .','It may seek control of Rally 's .')

Input: Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders .','This was what the company said .')

Input: But the proposed transaction calls for an exchange of the debt for new debentures of lower face value and reduced cash interest .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the proposed transaction calls for an exchange of the debt for new debentures of lower face value .','But the proposed transaction calls for an exchange of the debt for new debentures of reduced cash interest .')

Input: He asked that the remaining U.S. humanitarian aid be diverted to disarming and demobilizing the rebels .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he asked .','The remaining U.S. humanitarian aid be diverted to disarming and demobilizing the rebels .')

Input: Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua to monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua .','This is to monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates .')

Input: We did n't look at it and say , Oh my God , something is going to happen , said Stanley Uhr , vice president and corporate counsel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Increasing personal spending and capital investment are fueling growth , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Increasing personal spending and capital investment are fueling growth .','This was what the company said .')

Input: Presidio said the properties are generally situated in Wyoming , North Dakota , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Presidio said .','The properties are generally situated in Wyoming , North Dakota , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana .')

Input: DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners .
Prediction: CO/LIST('DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates .','DPC Acquisition is controlled by Wilson Investment Group .','DPC Acquisition is controlled by Kernel Corp. .','DPC Acquisition is controlled by Catalyst Partners .')

Input: The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares .','The investor group owns a 7.6 % stake .')

Input: Jayark Corp. agreed to pay $ 4 million in cash , $ 2 million of 12 % convertible debentures , and 1.6 million common shares to acquire closely held Kofcoh Imports Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jayark Corp. agreed to pay $ 4 million in cash to acquire closely held Kofcoh Imports Inc .','Jayark Corp. agreed to pay $ 2 million of 12 % convertible debentures to acquire closely held Kofcoh Imports Inc .','Jayark Corp. agreed to pay 1.6 million common shares to acquire closely held Kofcoh Imports Inc .')

Input: He previously held posts of senior vice president of compliance and senior vice president and general counsel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It levied the smallest number of suspensions of traders and fines of the four largest commodity exchanges studied over the past five years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It levied the smallest number of suspensions of traders and fines of the four largest commodity exchanges .','The four largest commodity exchanges were studied over the past five years .')

Input: It also had both the fewest , and least experienced , investigators per million contracts traded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It also had both the fewest , and least experienced , investigators per million contracts .','Million contracts were traded .')

Input: We recognized the problem and took care of it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We recognized the problem .','We took care of it .')

Input: Periodically , there has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was periodically .','There has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges .')

Input: He views the $ 1.10 to $ 1.12 range as a buying opportunity and considers the market oversold .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He views the $ 1.10 to $ 1.12 range as a buying opportunity .','He considers the market oversold .')

Input: I expect to see some selling , but will they kill this one as they have every rally in the recent past by selling and locking in prices for their production ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Grains And Soybeans
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract .','Physical delivery of a contract is preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration .')

Input: Put your money in a good utility or bank stock , not a paper company , advises George Adler of Smith Barney .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they attribute much of the weakness to customer inventory reductions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to customer inventory reductions .','But they attribute much of the weakness .')

Input: Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schneider is Mr. .',', Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price .')

Input: Champion International said , We 've gotten our costs down and we 're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we 've ever been .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Champion International said .','We 've gotten our costs down .','We 're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we 've ever been .')

Input: A company such as Federal Paper Board may be overly discounted and looks tempting to him , he says , though he is n't yet recommending the shares .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','Though he is n't yet recommending the shares .')

Input: The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But by 1992 , he added , Nissan will build one million vehicles a year outside Japan , or sufficient to equal exports .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But by 1992 , he added , Nissan will build one million vehicles a year outside Japan .','But by 1992 , he added , Nissan will build sufficient to equal exports .')

Input: The extrusion unit produces bare and painted custom extrusions for building products and construction industries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Individuals eager for tax-free income drove up bond prices , making state and local government debt one of the best-performing types of fixed-income investments during the period .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Individuals eager for tax-free income drove up bond prices .','Individuals eager for tax-free income were making state and local government debt one of the best-performing types of fixed-income investments during the period .')

Input: The offering will include $ 729 million of 20-year tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.8 million of taxable bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The offering will include $ 729 million of 20-year tax-exempt bonds .','The offering will include $ 57.8 million of taxable bonds .')

Input: On Friday , some issues fell nearly one point , or close to $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Friday .',', Some issues fell nearly one point , or close to $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount .')

Input: The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health .','The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election .')

Input: But he thinks investors may be overreacting to the market 's problems .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he thinks .','Investors may be overreacting to the market 's problems .')

Input: Overall , he says , municipal prices are very cheap and represent an excellent buying opportunity .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Overall , he says , municipal prices are very cheap .','Overall , he says , municipal prices represent an excellent buying opportunity .')

Input: Credit market analysts expected the Treasury to cancel today 's three-month and six-month sale and to sell $ 17 billion of cash management bills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -- Mortgage securities fell 7\/32 to 8\/32 but held up better than intermediate Treasurys .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('-- Mortgage securities fell 7\/32 to 8\/32 .','-- Mortgage securities held up better than intermediate Treasurys .')

Input: Most of Part A 's costs are paid by a payroll tax on workers and employers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A joint venture involving units of Innopac and Mobil Corp. earlier this year opened the first U.S. polystyrene recycling plant , in Leominster , Mass .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Leominster , Mass .','A joint venture involving units of Innopac and Mobil Corp. earlier this year opened the first U.S. polystyrene recycling plant .')

Input: PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms .','Big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market .')

Input: Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading .',', Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about the exchange 's role in it .')

Input: But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the auto sector .','But weak car sales raise questions about future demand .')

Input: LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a-share payout .
Prediction: CO/LIST('LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations .','LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth were offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a-share payout .')

Input: Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write-offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter .','It moved quickly to take write-offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround .')

Input: But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts wonder .','How strong the recovery will be .')

Input: Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business .','Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group .')

Input: Thomas Jefferson sold Congress on the idea of the decimal system for currency , thus saving Americans the headaches of pounds , shillings and pence .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- The press had a field day with questions about what would happen to six-footer , yardstick and inchworm . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about what would happen to six-footer , yardstick and inchworm .','-LRB- The press had a field day with questions . -RRB- .')

Input: General Motors , for example , uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for example .','General Motors uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains .')

Input: Soldiers and sailors are still measured in inches and pounds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In California and New York , state officials have opposed Channel One .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in California and New York .',', State officials have opposed Channel One .')

Input: The pilot program was received well -LRB- by teachers and students -RRB- , but there was n't reason enough to sign up .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The pilot program was received well -LRB- by teachers and students -RRB- .','There was n't reason enough to sign up .')

Input: We even invited the public to stop by and see the program , but there was n't much interest .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('We even invited the public to stop by and see the program .','There was n't much interest .')

Input: $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- $ 75,075,000 of various bonds , including $ 40.86 million Wastewater Treatment insured bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 34,215,000 Wastewater Treatment bonds , Series 1989B , via competitive bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- $ 70,315,000 of pollution control revenue Alternative Minimum Tax -LRB- AMT -RRB- bonds -LRB- South Texas Project Units No. 1 and 2 -RRB- , via a Goldman Sachs group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But why should an iffy $ 6.79 billion leveraged buy-out deal shake the foundations of the entire stock market ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: He forecasts that the emphasis in mergers and acquisitions may soon return to what he calls strategic deals , in which somebody is taking over a company not to milk the cash flow , but because it 's a good fit .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ELABORATION('He forecasts .','The emphasis in mergers and acquisitions may soon return to what he calls strategic deals .' ), ', Somebody is taking over a company not to milk the cash flow , but because it 's a good fit in strategic deals .')

Input: The other two props -- earnings and the economic outlook -- are troubling , too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .','The other two props -- earnings and the economic outlook -- are troubling .')

Input: Hecla Mining rose 5\/8 to 14 ; Battle Mountain Gold climbed 3\/4 to 16 3\/4 ; Homestake Mining rose 1 1\/8 to 16 7\/8 ; Lac Minerals added 5\/8 to 11 ; Placer Dome went up 7\/8 to 16 3\/4 , and ASA Ltd. jumped 3 5\/8 to 49 5\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hecla Mining rose 5\/8 to 14 .','Battle Mountain Gold climbed 3\/4 to 163\/4 .','Homestake Mining rose 11\/8 to 167\/8 .','Lac Minerals added 5\/8 to 11 .','Placer Dome went up 7\/8 to 163\/4 .','ASA Ltd. jumped 35\/8 to 495\/8 .')

Input: CP_START CP CP CP CP CP CP CP SEP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP OTHERS CC CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: Digital Equipment tacked on 1 1\/8 to 89 1\/8 , and Hewlett-Packard fell 3\/8 to 49 3\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Digital Equipment tacked on 11\/8 to 891\/8 .','Hewlett-Packard fell 3\/8 to 493\/8 .')

Input: The stock has a 3.5 % dividend yield and goes ex-dividend today .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The stock has a 3.5 % dividend yield .','The stock goes ex-dividend today .')

Input: He said there was n't any way to detect the flaw at that time , and that the process has since been changed to decrease the chance that such flaws would occur .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','There was n't any way to detect the flaw at that time , and that the process has since been changed to decrease the chance that such flaws would occur .')

Input: But he also pointed out that the recalls will have no impact on GE 's engine production .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But he also pointed out .','The recalls will have no impact on GE 's engine production .')

Input: But he said ice samples from Peru , Greenland and Antarctica all show substantial signs of warming .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was from Peru , Greenland and Antarctica .','But he said ice samples all show substantial signs of warming .')

Input: The maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said the personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said .','The personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation .')

Input: As reported , CNW agreed to be acquired by a group of investors led by Blackstone Capital Partners Limited Partnership for $ 50 a share , or about $ 950 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('As reported .','This was what CNW agreed to be acquired by a group of investors led by Blackstone Capital Partners Limited Partnership for $ 50 a share , or about $ 950 million .')

Input: The House Democratic leadership could seek to waive these restrictions , but the underlying bill is already under attack for excesses elsewhere .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The House Democratic leadership could seek to waive these restrictions .','The underlying bill is already under attack for excesses elsewhere .')

Input: Most of the land in that and other parts of the Delta are now owned by second , third or fourth generations of the same families .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the same families .','Most of the land in that and other parts of the Delta are now owned by second , third or fourth generations .')

Input: And today , many of their children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren remain on welfare .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And when they were no longer needed , they were turned loose unprepared to build lives of their own .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They were no longer needed .','And , they were turned loose unprepared to build lives of their own .')

Input: Sadly , the cycle appears not as waves but as a downward spiral .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is sadly .','The cycle appears not as waves but as a downward spiral .')

Input: The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open .','The people of the Delta are waiting for river traffic to increase .','The people of the Delta are waiting for government spending to fund job-training programs .','The people of the Delta are waiting for public schools to educate apathetic students .')

Input: Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways -LRB- abstinence or contraceptives -RRB- of decreasing teen pregnancy ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mobil Corp. is in the midst of cutting back its exploration and production group , which finds and develops oil and gas reserves in the U.S. , by as much as 15 % as part of a new restructuring of that sector of its business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mobil Corp. is in the midst of cutting back its exploration and production group by as much as 15 % as part of a new restructuring of that sector of its business .','Its exploration and production group finds and develops oil and gas reserves in the U.S. .')

Input: But since then U.S. oil production has declined and Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But since then U.S. oil production has declined .','But since then Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas .')

Input: The main feature of the new organization is that each local manager will have both the authority and accountability for profitable and technically sound operations , said Charles E. Spruell , president of the Mobil unit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But on the West Coast , where profitable oil production is more likely than in the midcontinent region , the Bakersfield , Calif. , office staff of 130 will grow by 175 to 305 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Profitable oil production is more likely than in the midcontinent region .','But on the West Coast , the Bakersfield , Calif. , office staff of 130 will grow by 175 to 305 .')

Input: Wanted : An investment that 's as simple and secure as a certificate of deposit but offers a return worth getting excited about .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there .
Prediction: NONE

Input: People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bond mutual funds offer diversification .','Bond mutual funds are easy to buy and sell .')

Input: Bond resale prices , and thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bond resale prices move in the opposite direction from rates .','Thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates .')

Input: Aimed specifically at CD holders are so-called CD-type annuities , or certificates of annuity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present , when rates seem headed down .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present .','Rates seem headed down .')

Input: Try combining a money fund and an intermediate-term bond fund as a low-risk bet on falling rates , suggests Back Bay Advisors Inc. , a mutual fund unit of New England Insurance Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both the British Diabetic Association and the Committee on Safety in Medicines -- Britain 's equivalent of the U.S. FDA -- recently issued statements noting the lack of hard scientific evidence to support Dr. Toseland 's findings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lilly is building plants to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Lilly is building plants .','This is to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France .')

Input: And as a result -- as the recent vote by the House to undo Mr. Cheney 's program terminations suggests -- the preservation of jobs is becoming the real goal of defense strategy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cheney is Mr. .','And as a result -- as the recent vote by the House to undo Cheney 's program terminations suggests -- the preservation of jobs is becoming the real goal of defense strategy .')

Input: This kind of contingency analysis is common in war planning and business planning .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This kind of contingency analysis is common in war planning .','This kind of contingency analysis is common in business planning .')

Input: But in the end , it must be rejected for logical as well as moral reasons .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress ; it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress .','It is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives .')

Input: Strategy is not a separate event in an idealized sequence of discrete events ; it is a way of thinking that neutralizes threats to our interests in a manner consistent with our financial , cultural and physical limitations .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Strategy is not a separate event in an idealized sequence of discrete events .','It is a way of thinking that neutralizes threats to our interests in a manner consistent with our financial , cultural and physical limitations .')

Input: With the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what traders say with the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments .','The dollar is still in a precarious position .')

Input: But the market remains uneasy about Mr. Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Major is Mr. .','But the market remains uneasy about Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend .')

Input: But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government and large current account and trade deficits .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government .','But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with large current account and trade deficits .')

Input: The pound likely will fall in coming days and may trade as low as 2.60 marks within the next year , says Nigel Rendell , an international economist at James Capel & Co. in London .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Most National Council members are themselves disabled or are parents of children with disabilities .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Most National Council members are themselves disabled .','Most National Council members are parents of children with disabilities .')

Input: Giant has interests in cement making and newsprint .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares , or 45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares .','45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: But regulators this week said futures-exchange officials still have a way to go before they answer all the remaining detailed questions about the contract .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what regulators said .','Futures-exchange officials still have a way to go before they answer all the remaining detailed questions about the contract .')

Input: But securities regulators now say privately that it is n't likely to start until the first quarter of next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what securities regulators say privately .','It is n't likely to start until the first quarter of next year .')

Input: The contract is definitely important to the exchange , says Robert Gilmore , executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse , and the stock and futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse .','But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the stock and futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days .')

Input: Despite the thin trading , and after two painful years of restructuring , the futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was despite the thin trading , and after two painful years of restructuring .','The futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests .')

Input: Most important to the contract 's success is the commitment of Hong Kong 's big financial institutions , especially the two leaders , Hongkong & Shanghai Banking Corp. and the local subsidiary of Britain 's Standard Chartered Bank PLC .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Companies and financial institutions familiar with Hong Kong remain wary of trading in its futures market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But many bankers remain nervous , especially as the start-up of the contract continues to be delayed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But many bankers remain nervous .','The start-up of the contract continues to be delayed .')

Input: Pulp , processed and miscellaneous paper sales also surged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was processed and miscellaneous .','Pulp paper sales also surged .')

Input: The company did n't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance and officials could n't be reached for comment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company did n't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance .','Officials could n't be reached for comment .')

Input: The company has retained J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. as financial adviser and agent for the sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the sale .','The company has retained J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. as financial adviser and agent .')

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: City and County of Honolulu -- $ 75 million of general obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , through a Bear , Stearns & Co. group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's and Duff & Phelps Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's .','The securities are rated triple-A by Duff & Phelps Inc .')

Input: The surplus was two billion rand in the second quarter and 2.7 billion rand in the first quarter .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The surplus was two billion rand in the second quarter .','The surplus was 2.7 billion rand in the first quarter .')

Input: The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year to a calendar year in December .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a calendar year in December .','The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year .')

Input: Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down associated with the consolidation of a facility .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down .','A $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down were associated with the consolidation of a facility .')

Input: Prices fell marginally for fuel and electricity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sales for electric wires and cables rose 13.2 % to 153.93 billion yen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 153.93 billion yen .',', Sales for electric wires and cables rose 13.2 % .')

Input: Outokumpu is a mining , trading and construction concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says the problems on European exchanges included market-system breakdowns , delayed execution of buy and sell orders and trading suspensions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Belgian computer system finally was repaired and restarted on Tuesday of this week , with the aid of Toronto Stock Exchange officials who developed the system .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the aid of Toronto Stock Exchange officials who developed the system .','The Belgian computer system finally was repaired and restarted on Tuesday of this week .')

Input: But by that time , many big institutions had switched business to London .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to London .','But by that time , many big institutions had switched business .')

Input: He acknowledges that spreads were too wide and volumes too light in the extreme conditions on Manic Monday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he acknowledges .',', Spreads were too wide and volumes too light in the extreme conditions on Manic Monday .')

Input: But it 's just one of those things that happened .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it 's just one of those things .','Those things happened .')

Input: But they either did n't buy the right machines or they wasted it , says Fleming 's Ms. Noble .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Aflatoxin is released by molds during grain and seed storage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during grain and seed storage .','Aflatoxin is released by molds .')

Input: We do n't want Brussels deciding conditions for workers unless they are necessary and useful , said Zygmunt Tyszkiewicz , secretary general of the employers ' confederation Unice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker participation in major corporate decisions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for pay and working hours .','It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards , and provide for collective bargaining and worker participation in major corporate decisions .')

Input: But the Unice official said that producing a charter acceptable to both Britain and European industry is n't an unattainable goal .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Unice official said .','Producing a charter acceptable to both Britain and European industry is n't an unattainable goal .')

Input: This provision lies at the heart of the British and Unice fears of social engineering by the commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the commission .','This provision lies at the heart of the British and Unice fears of social engineering .')

Input: Sam Ramirez and his men are late .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sam Ramirez are late .','His men are late .')

Input: Investment capital is creeping back , and oil properties are fetching more .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Investment capital is creeping back .','Oil properties are fetching more .')

Input: Mideast politics have calmed down and the squabbling within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries seems under control for now .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mideast politics have calmed down .','The squabbling within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries seems under control for now .')

Input: The fundamentals of supply and demand once again are setting oil prices , says Victor Burk , an Arthur Andersen & Co. oil expert .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A recession or new OPEC blowup could put oil markets right back in the soup .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('A recession could put oil markets right back in the soup .','New OPEC blowup could put oil markets right back in the soup .')

Input: And consumers should be comfortable , adds W. Henson Moore , U.S. deputy secretary of energy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them , and has led to widespread cheating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A mile and a half away looms the 150-foot-tall rig of the Sniper , due to be pumping by December .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Santa Fe aims to drill about 30 wells in this area in 1989 and double that next year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in this area in 1989 .',', Santa Fe aims to drill about 30 wells and double that next year .')

Input: Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. became the partner , ponying up more than half of the $ 600,000 in drilling and start-up costs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. became the partner .','Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. was ponying up more than half of the $ 600,000 in drilling and start-up costs .')

Input: One attraction for oil operators here and in other fields is the bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment , reflecting service companies ' hunger for work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One attraction for oil operators here and in other fields is the bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment .','The bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment is reflecting service companies ' hunger for work .')

Input: Prices have averaged more than $ 2 a barrel higher than that -- not a windfall , but at least a pleasant bonus for them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- They are Grace Energy Corp. of Dallas and Marine Drilling Co. of Houston . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST('-LRB- They are Grace Energy Corp. of Dallas . -RRB- .','-LRB- They are Marine Drilling Co. of Houston . -RRB- .')

Input: But a few new spots are opening .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Norman Young , a mud-logger at the Sniper well , has worked all but about nine days of this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Norman Young was a mud-logger at the Sniper well .','Norman Young has worked all but about nine days of this year .')

Input: But that was off less than at midyear , when completions lagged by 27.1 % .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('But that was off less than at midyear .',', Completions lagged by 27.1 % .')

Input: And the number of rigs active in the U.S. is inching up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He started Arrow Roustabouts Inc. a year ago with a loan from a friend , since repaid , and now employs 15 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He got three trucks and a backhoe cheap .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He got three trucks cheap .','He got a backhoe cheap .')

Input: Arrested were Jose O. Lopez , 27 years old , of Whittier , Calif. , the vault supervisor ; Carlos O. Huerta , 29 , of La Puente ; Luis A. Arroyo , 36 , of Los Angeles ; Ignacio Rojas Jr. , 32 , of Baldwin Park ; Doris Moreno , 37 , of Bell Gardens ; and Ana L. Azucena , 27 , of Huntington Park .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Calif. was the vault supervisor .','Arrested were Jose O. Lopez , 27 years old , of Whittier , Calif. ; Carlos O. Huerta , 29 , of La Puente ; Luis A. Arroyo , 36 , of Los Angeles ; Ignacio Rojas Jr. , 32 , of Baldwin Park ; Doris Moreno , 37 , of Bell Gardens ; and Ana L. Azucena , 27 , of Huntington Park .')

Input: Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison .','Each defendant faces a possible sentence of $ 250,000 in fines .')

Input: But it would probably increase the amount of cash that debt-ridden Bond Corp. would earn from the transaction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it would probably increase the amount of cash .','Debt-ridden Bond Corp. would earn from the transaction .')

Input: It 's hard to deal with clients this way in a service business , says Ralph Bud Conner , owner of the agency , which was robbed of 180 blank tickets and $ 850 last month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for Hertz Corp. acknowledges , The waiver is n't a source of protection for consumers , but a source of revenue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there 's an evacuation .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('They have to work such long hours .','We expect them to be heroes if there 's an evacuation .')

Input: In response to the study , the FAA says it is considering changing its policy -- or lack of it -- on flight attendants .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the FAA says in response to the study .','It is considering changing its policy -- or lack of it -- on flight attendants .')

Input: CP_START CC CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: But in any event -- and this is the important point -- tax payments on capital gains will be lower with indexation than under current law , even though the tax rate is the same under both systems .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('But in any event -- and this is the important point -- tax payments on capital gains will be lower with indexation than under current law .','The tax rate is the same under both systems .')

Input: As you can see , the capital-gains reduction plan adopted by the House would not be temporary , but permanent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('You can see .','The capital-gains reduction plan adopted by the House would not be temporary , but permanent .')

Input: But what is really significant is the indexation of capital gains after 1991 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation , and the taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation .','The taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation .')

Input: Does the Journal really believe that people ignore the prospect of having a substantial part of their capital confiscated when they decide whether to save or how to invest ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The new company 's product lines will be aimed at nurseries , greenhouses and the lawn and garden industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The new company 's product lines will be aimed at nurseries .','The new company 's product lines will be aimed at greenhouses .','The new company 's product lines will be aimed at the lawn and garden industry .')

Input: It will require companies to spell out in more detail collateral polices and concentrations of credit risk for all financial instruments .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It will require companies to spell out in more detail collateral polices .','It will require companies to spell out in concentrations of credit risk for all financial instruments .')

Input: But he noted that the initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he noted .','The initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months .')

Input: Joe Frank Sanderson Jr. was elected president and chief executive officer of this poultry producer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The current president and chief operating officer , J. Odell Johnson , was elected to the new position of vice chairman of the board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('J. Odell Johnson was the current president and chief operating officer .','The current president and chief operating officer was elected to the new position of vice chairman of the board .')

Input: A potentially safer whooping cough vaccine made by novel genetic engineering techniques was described by a team of Italian , U.S. and Japanese scientists .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A potentially safer whooping cough vaccine made by novel genetic engineering techniques was described by a team of Italian .','A potentially safer whooping cough vaccine made by novel genetic engineering techniques was described by a team of U.S. .','A potentially safer whooping cough vaccine made by novel genetic engineering techniques was described by a team of Japanese scientists .')

Input: The current vaccine for whooping cough , or pertussis , is part of the DPT -LRB- for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus -RRB- shot given most infants and young children .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The current vaccine for whooping cough , or pertussis , is part of the DPT -LRB- for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus -RRB- shot .','The DPT -LRB- for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus -RRB- shot was given most infants and young children .')

Input: Carl E. Pissocra , president and chief executive officer of Bank One , Dover , has been named regional president , a new post at the bank-holding company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Regional president was a new post at the bank-holding company .',', Carl E. Pissocra , president and chief executive officer of Bank One , Dover , has been named regional president .')

Input: At a time when foreign banks are pouring vast resources and personnel into West Germany 's financial center , the opening of a three-man office on a Frankfurt side street should n't attract much attention .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is at a time when foreign banks are pouring vast resources and personnel into West Germany 's financial center .','The opening of a three-man office on a Frankfurt side street should n't attract much attention .')

Input: For a member of the Rothschild family , the return to Frankfurt is a very meaningful event , although it might not mean as much to German banking as it means to us , says Baron David de Rothschild , Elie 's younger cousin and a partner in Rothschild & Cie . Banque in Paris .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each Rothschild bank is linked by family ties and cross-ownership .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Each Rothschild bank is linked by family ties .','Each Rothschild bank is linked by cross-ownership .')

Input: The Rothschilds hope to use a long history in private banking and an aura of exclusivity to attract private and institutional investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Rothschilds hope to use a long history in private banking to attract private and institutional investors .','The Rothschilds hope to use an aura of exclusivity to attract private and institutional investors .')

Input: But we do make exceptions , says a smiling Baron Elie de Rothschild , especially if they are very young and have very rich parents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks , such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .','A stock-index future is a contract to buy or sell the market value of a basket of stocks .')

Input: Since stock futures were created in 1982 , trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and other exchanges has boomed to the point where trading in stock-index futures rivals that in the stocks themselves .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', Stock futures were created in 1982 .','Trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange and other exchanges has boomed to the point where trading in stock-index futures rivals that in the stocks themselves .')

Input: The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that stocks and derivatives such as futures and options form a single market , and that derivatives make it a more liquid market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fischer Black is Co. partner .','The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Fischer Black , is that stocks and derivatives such as futures and options form a single market , and that derivatives make it a more liquid market .')

Input: But increasingly , people are questioning that view , and the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But increasingly , people are questioning that view .','But increasingly , the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors .')

Input: When Chicago futures prices jump up or down , the New York Stock Exchange follows .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Chicago futures prices jump up or down .','The New York Stock Exchange follows .')

Input: Index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in futures -- is frequently blamed for adding to stock market volatility .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And , defenders say , few people complain about futures when stock prices are rising .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And , defenders say , few people complain about futures .',', Stock prices are rising .')

Input: For one thing , the Chicago futures exchanges have political and financial clout -- including many friends in Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for one thing .','The Chicago futures exchanges have political and financial clout -- including many friends in Congress .')

Input: And traders say that futures have become an accepted part of the financial landscape .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what traders say .','Futures have become an accepted part of the financial landscape .')

Input: research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Research teams uncovered evidence .','The same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers .')

Input: plier on many important military projects , including the B-2 Stealth bomber , the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft and the Air Force 's next-generation tactical fighter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: vernment approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Navigation Mixte is a diversified financial , transport and food holding company .','Vernment approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte .')

Input: secured convertible notes due Jan. 15 , 1995 , and 200 common shares .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ings spend their afternoons .','Ings are laughing and gossiping at the markets .')

Input: ures market to trade differently from stocks , which invites frequent bouts of stock-index arbitrage in the first place .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ures market to trade differently from stocks .',', Stocks invites frequent bouts of stock-index arbitrage in the first place .')

Input: ies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: eud between two major creditors failed and all three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Eud between two major creditors failed .','All three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks .')

Input: two that suggests they may actually be a little on the dumb side .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Two may actually be a little on the dumb side .','Two suggests they .')

Input: eace today and we will stand for peace tomorrow , said Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who , along with five of his colleagues , served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ion company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: n and chief executive , said in an interview .
Prediction: CO/LIST('N said in an interview .',', Chief executive , said in an interview .')

Input: ntains of gold .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was into a $ 49.7 million bequest .','Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state .')

Input: ut the network has some big names to contend with , too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .','Ut the network has some big names to contend with .')

Input: ders approved the adoption of a rights plan and a super-majority voting approval requirement .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ders approved the adoption of a rights plan .','Ders approved the adoption of a super-majority voting approval requirement .')

Input: ion that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pattison 's decision to seek control as a very positive move .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  greater because of the influence of Republicans at critical junctures .
Prediction: NONE

Input: he instruments are given an underlying cash value and are settled in cash . -RCB-
Prediction: CO/LIST('He instruments are given an underlying cash value . -RCB- .','He instruments are settled in cash . -RCB- .')

Input: rlier and was up 1.3 % from the preceding month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ardens ; and Ana L. Azucena , 27 , of Huntington Park .
Prediction: NONE

Input: guar 's shares if both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Guar 's shares .','Both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely .')

Input: The Conservatives do n't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry , where Jaguar has headquarters , nor can the government easily back down on promised protection for a privatized company while it proceeds with controversial plans to privatize most of Britain 's water and electricity industries .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('The Conservatives do n't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry , nor can the government easily back down on promised protection for a privatized company while it proceeds with controversial plans to privatize most of Britain 's water and electricity industries .','Jaguar has headquarters .')

Input: He has not changed , but those around him have .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He has not changed .','Those around him have .')

Input: Recently , some 60 environmental and outdoor groups representing such divergent points of view as the Sierra Club , the League of Women Voters and the National Rifle Association joined together to request a reassessment of the environmentally unsound Central Utah Project .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was recently .',', Some 60 environmental and outdoor groups representing such divergent points of view as the Sierra Club , the League of Women Voters and the National Rifle Association joined together to request a reassessment of the environmentally unsound Central Utah Project .')

Input: It astounds me he can rationalize his self-righteous and greedy actions in Utah .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Utah .','It astounds me he can rationalize his self-righteous and greedy actions .')

Input: He 's rich , famous and intelligent , and has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He 's rich , famous and intelligent .','He has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do .')

Input: We are crossing the river and we need a little more help to get to the other side , said Rodrigo Sotela , an economic affairs specialist at the Costa Rican Embassy in Washington .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And more recently , he insisted on signing a five-nation agreement intended to disarm Nicaragua 's U.S.-backed Contra rebels faster than the Bush administration would prefer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And more recently , he insisted on signing a five-nation agreement .','A five-nation agreement was intended to disarm Nicaragua 's U.S.-backed Contra rebels faster than the Bush administration would prefer .')

Input: The administration also made clear its continuing distate for the leftist Nicaraguan government in recent days , endorsing a package of electoral aid to the Nicaraguan opposition , renewing the U.S. trade embargo against the country and continuing to complain that the country supports rebel groups in the region .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Nicaraguan opposition .','The administration also made clear its continuing distate for the leftist Nicaraguan government in recent days , endorsing a package of electoral aid , renewing the U.S. trade embargo against the country and continuing to complain that the country supports rebel groups in the region .')

Input: There wo n't be any formal resolutions or communiques , I do n't think .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A brief executive summary was issued last April , and attracted some , but not much , attention .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A brief executive summary was issued last April .','A brief executive summary attracted some , but not much , attention .')

Input: More-detailed reports followed , and attracted even less notice .
Prediction: CO/LIST('More-detailed reports followed .','More-detailed reports attracted even less notice .')

Input: The sixth and last report now is out , and it puts the effort in perspective .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The sixth and last report now is out .','It puts the effort in perspective .')

Input: The previous five reports were mainly statistical , but clear enough in outline .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here are a few of their answers : -- They say that I am a student-athlete , but really I 'm an athlete-student .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Here are a few of their answers : -- They say that I am a student-athlete .','Here are a few of their answers : -- really I 'm an athlete-student .')

Input: -- Physical exhaustion and depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives .
Prediction: CO/LIST('-- Physical exhaustion are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives .','-- depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives .')

Input: -- Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again , and not for the big bowl revenues or lucrative TV contracts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Membership has since swelled to between 20 and 25 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils numerical .',', Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical .')

Input: I 'm a math major , but I want to know about psychobiology .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('I 'm a math major .','I want to know about psychobiology .')

Input: The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The FDIC cleared the move yesterday .','The banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase .')

Input: Lawrence B. Seidman , 41 years old , was named chairman of this savings and loan institution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 41 years old .','Lawrence B. Seidman was named chairman of this savings and loan institution .')

Input: So the scramble is on for lighter crudes globally , and for natural gas in the U.S. .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They lay out a clear timetable and methodology for liberalizing the system of setting prices , breaking up huge industrial monopolies and putting unprofitable state-owned companies out of business .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The document is to be discussed at a conference of leading economists late this month , and will probably be presented to the Soviet Parliament for consideration this year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The document is to be discussed at a conference of leading economists late this month .','The document will probably be presented to the Soviet Parliament for consideration this year .')

Input: Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms by the end of 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the end of 1991 .',', Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms .')

Input: A genuine market for labor and wages would replace the present rigid , centralized system .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Departing from decades of Soviet dogma , the new system would lead to big differences in pay between workers and almost certainly to unemployment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The new system is departing from decades of Soviet dogma .','The new system would lead to big differences in pay between workers and almost certainly to unemployment .')

Input: Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels .','Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products .','Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers .')

Input: Inflation-adjusted social benefits would ensure that the poor and elderly do n't suffer unduly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Inflation-adjusted social benefits would ensure .','The poor and elderly do n't suffer unduly .')

Input: But one recent day , they became much closer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called the only real game in the world .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mr. .','But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Engelken reminds us , once called the only real game in the world .')

Input: It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants -LRB- the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the Brooklyn Dodgers -LRB- the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series -RRB- .','It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the New York Giants -LRB- the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series -RRB- .')

Input: Baseball fans throughout New York had sweated out a long summer with their teams , and now it had come to this : a battle between the two for the National League pennant -- down to the last inning of the last game , no less .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Baseball fans throughout New York had sweated out a long summer with their teams .','Now it had come to this : a battle between the two for the National League pennant -- down to the last inning of the last game , no less .')

Input: Some 34,320 fans jammed the stands , and shouted at the top of their lungs .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some 34,320 fans jammed the stands .',', Some 34,320 fans shouted at the top of their lungs .')

Input: He wound up and let loose a fastball .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He wound up .','He let loose a fastball .')

Input: Martha was pleased , but nowhere near as much as Mr. Engelken .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken was Mr. .','Martha was pleased , but nowhere near as much as Engelken .')

Input: The family license plate reads ENG 23 , the first three letters of the family name and -- no surprise here -- Bobby Thomson 's uniform number .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The first three letters of the family name and -- no surprise here -- Bobby Thomson 's uniform number are ENG 23 .','The family license plate reads ENG 23 .')

Input: And there he was , recalls Mr. Engelken .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Engelken is Mr. .','And there he was , recalls Engelken .')

Input: His hero signed photographs of the homer and diplomatically called Ralph Branca a very fine pitcher .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His hero signed photographs of the homer .','His hero diplomatically called Ralph Branca a very fine pitcher .')

Input: But his fans , to his constant amazement , never let him forget the famous four-bagger .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to his constant amazement .','But his fans never let him forget the famous four-bagger .')

Input: His mail regularly recalls my one event , and has been growing in recent years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His mail regularly recalls my one event .','His mail regularly has been growing in recent years .')

Input: But who knows ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: When that agreement expires , Torstar will be free to increase its 22.4 % stake in Southam , or to make an offer for the whole company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That agreement expires .','Torstar will be free to increase its 22.4 % stake in Southam , or to make an offer for the whole company .')

Input: To be profitable , the paper requires more circulation and building circulation is an expensive undertaking , said John Macfarlane , the paper 's publisher .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last May , a government panel released a report on the extent and causes of the problem .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the extent and causes of the problem .','Last May , a government panel released a report .')

Input: The government will penalize offenders , but wo n't confiscate property .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The government will penalize offenders .','The government wo n't confiscate property .')

Input: -- A tax of between 3 % and 6 % on property holdings that exceed the governmentset ceiling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But opposition legislators and others calling for help for South Korea 's renters say the proposed changes do n't go far enough to make it possible for ordinary people to buy a home .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what opposition legislators and others calling for help for South Korea 's renters say .','The proposed changes do n't go far enough to make it possible for ordinary people to buy a home .')

Input: But , he adds , the constitution empowers the government to impose some controls , to mitigate the shortage of land .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The land available for housing construction stands at about 46.2 square meters a person -- 18 % lower than in Taiwan and only about half that of Japan .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The land available for housing construction stands at about 46.2 square meters a person -- 18 % lower than in Taiwan .','The land available for housing construction stands at about 46.2 square meters a person -- 18 % lower than in only about half that of Japan .')

Input: The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Journalists are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets .','Their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets .')

Input: Distribution centers are bombed , and advertisers are intimidated .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Distribution centers are bombed .','Advertisers are intimidated .')

Input: Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities , and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities .',', Sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized .')

Input: More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports , and a large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated .
Prediction: CO/LIST('More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports .','A large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated .')

Input: The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons , explosives and other war-like materiel .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons .','The military has also captured enormous arsenals of explosives .','The military has also captured enormous arsenals of other war-like materiel .')

Input: Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A just price and an open market for what Colombian produces and exports should be the policy of the U.S. .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A just price should be the policy of the U.S. .','An open market for what Colombian produces and exports should be the policy of the U.S. .')

Input: Its tax base is shrinking , a $ 1 billion budget deficit looms , and the city faces contract negotiations with all major municipal unions next year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Its tax base is shrinking .','A $ 1 billion budget deficit looms .','The city faces contract negotiations with all major municipal unions next year .')

Input: They wonder whether he can be firm with his longtime allies , including union leaders and political cronies who may seek a place at the trough .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they wonder .','Whether he can be firm with his longtime allies , including union leaders and political cronies who may seek a place at the trough .')

Input: Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The city is full of aging bridges , water mains and roadways that are in need of billions of dollars worth of repair .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The city is full of aging bridges , water mains and roadways .','Aging bridges , water mains and roadways are in need of billions of dollars worth of repair .')

Input: But city officials say tax revenues are lagging .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what city officials say .','Tax revenues are lagging .')

Input: And after a decade of explosive job growth on Wall Street , a period of contraction is under way .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .','If elected , Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods .')

Input: More important , he emerged as a peacemaker last summer after the Central Park rape of a white jogger -- in which a group of Harlem teens was charged -- and the racial murder of a black teen-ager in the white Brooklyn neighborhood of Bensonhurst .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was more important .','He emerged as a peacemaker last summer after the Central Park rape of a white jogger -- in which a group of Harlem teens was charged -- and the racial murder of a black teen-ager in the white Brooklyn neighborhood of Bensonhurst .')

Input: Mr. Sutton recalls : When I left , I sat down with Charlie -LCB- Rangel -RCB- , Basil -LCB- Paterson -RCB- and David , and David said , Who will run for borough president ? And I said , You will .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sutton is Mr. .',', Sutton recalls : When I left , I sat down with Charlie -LCB- Rangel -RCB- , Basil -LCB- Paterson -RCB- and David , and David said , Who will run for borough president ? And I said , You will .')

Input: But the guy is so personally decent , people tend to forget that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Says one city official : Everybody else had brought in the wagons and made their deal .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And he favors a more cooperative approach toward the neighboring states of New Jersey and Connecticut in the battle over companies thinking of moving employees out of New York City .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And he favors a more cooperative approach toward the neighboring states of New Jersey and Connecticut in the battle over companies of New York City .',', Companies are thinking of moving employees out .')

Input: -LRB- Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Part of Mr. .','-LRB- Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . -RRB-')

Input: But Mr. Dinkins 's sense of pragmatism often comes across more as an insider 's determination not to upset the political apple cart .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dinkins is Mr. .','But Dinkins 's sense of pragmatism often comes across more as an insider 's determination not to upset the political apple cart .')

Input: Some of the funds will used to demolish unstable buildings and clear sites for future construction .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Offices were set up in San Francisco and San Jose .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Offices were set up in San Francisco .','Offices were set up in San Jose .')

Input: Adjusters must count the number of bathrooms , balconies , fireplaces , chimneys , microwaves and dishwashers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And you did n't want me to buy earthquake insurance , says Mrs. Hammack , reaching across the table and gently tapping his hand .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the agency specifically did n't rule whether AT&T had the right to match offers by competitors if that means giving discounts not generally available to other phone users .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the agency specifically did n't rule .','AT&T had the right to match offers by competitors if that means giving discounts not generally available to other phone users .')

Input: People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market .','The junk-bond market has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years .')

Input: Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 .','Lipper says .','The Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % .','The T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % .')

Input: Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: First Brands Corp. , proposed offering of 6,475,000 common shares , of which 1,475,000 common shares will be sold by the company and five million shares by holders , via First Boston Corp. and Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The policy was contained in an exchange of letters last October between the Senate intelligence committee and the CIA and National Security Council .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The policy was contained in an exchange of letters last October between the Senate intelligence committee .','The policy was contained in the CIA and National Security Council .')

Input: But even Mr. Boren defends congressional oversight .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boren is Mr. .','But even Boren defends congressional oversight .')

Input: But would n't a president who acted despite Senate objections be taking grave political risks ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that is something the president ought to know before he goes ahead .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But that is something .','The president ought to know before he goes ahead something .')

Input: He figures the episode will help clarify any ambiguities between the committee and administration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He figures .','The episode will help clarify any ambiguities between the committee and administration .')

Input: The presence of so many people , cars and competing businesses is evidence of a healthy economy in a place where people want to live .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I remembered how hard it was for an outsider to become accepted by long-established , stake-holding residents , and what pitfalls awaited an original thinker in societies that were long accustomed to unchanging , safe ways of thought and action .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I remembered how hard it was for an outsider to become accepted by long-established , stake-holding residents , and what pitfalls awaited an original thinker in societies .',', Societies were long accustomed to unchanging , safe ways of thought and action .')

Input: So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues .','Those scarce , rural virtues were thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes .')

Input: But if , as many now fear , Waertsilae Marine joins the ranks of failed shipyards it might turn out to be remembered most as a blemish on Finland 's international reputation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Waertsilae Marine joins the ranks of failed shipyards .','But it might turn out to be remembered most as a blemish on Finland 's international reputation .')

Input: Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms , and thus ensure Finland 's survival as a shipbuilding nation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a shipbuilding nation .','Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms , and thus ensure Finland 's survival .')

Input: Indeed , the potential losses make any rescue scheme unlikely unless the politicians once again change tack and agree to pick up the bill , analysts said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The offering included $ 550 million of 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 2001 and $ 200 million of zero coupon liquid yield option notes due 2004 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The offering included $ 550 million of 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 2001 .','The offering included $ 200 million of zero coupon liquid yield option notes due 2004 .')

Input: The closing will affect about 3,000 workers and eliminate production of 700 cars .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The closing will affect about 3,000 workers .','The closing will eliminate production of 700 cars .')

Input: The plant builds chassis for recreational vehicles and about 450 workers will be affected by the closing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The plant builds chassis for recreational vehicles .','About 450 workers will be affected by the closing .')

Input: Ford Motor Co. slated overtime again this week at its Wixom , Mich. ; Wayne , Mich. ; Kansas City , Mo. , and Norfolk , Va. , assembly plants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Chrysler Corp. scheduled overtime this week at its St. Louis Assembly Plant No. 2 , Newark , Del. , and Sterling Heights , Mich. , assembly plants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Its St. Louis Assembly Plant No. 2 was Newark , Del. , and Sterling Heights , Mich. , assembly plants .',', Chrysler Corp. scheduled overtime this week at its St. Louis Assembly Plant No. 2 .')

Input: They build extended minivans and the Dodge Spirit , Acclaim , Shadow and Sundance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They build extended minivans .','They build the Dodge Spirit , Acclaim , Shadow and Sundance .')

Input: f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Red ink already has begun to flow in the wake of the U.S.-U.K. market breaks of Oct. 13 and Oct. 16 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Red ink already has begun to flow in the wake of the U.S.-U.K. market breaks of Oct. 13 .','Red ink already has begun to flow in the wake of the U.S.-U.K. market breaks of Oct. 16 .')

Input: But company insiders estimated that the loss could approach the equivalent of $ 10 million .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what company insiders estimated .','The loss could approach the equivalent of $ 10 million .')

Input: People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry , but uncertainties are beginning to mount even there .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry .','Uncertainties are beginning to mount even there .')

Input: My wife and I will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first .
Prediction: CO/LIST('My wife will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first .','I will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first .')

Input: But any move by the banks to take over Qintex Australia 's management could threaten its ability to operate its national television network under Australian broadcast license rules .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there are times when they seize up , and panicky sellers can not find buyers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But there are times when they seize up .','But panicky sellers can not find buyers .')

Input: His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His skis spread farther and farther apart .','He is out of control .')

Input: After the 1987 crash , and as a result of the recommendations of many studies , circuit breakers were devised to allow market participants to regroup and restore orderly market conditions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the 1987 crash , and as a result of the recommendations of many studies .',', Circuit breakers were devised to allow market participants to regroup and restore orderly market conditions .')

Input: The stock market is the only major market without a market-maker of unchallenged liquidity or a buyer of last resort .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The stock market is the only major market without a market-maker of unchallenged liquidity .','The stock market is the only major market without a buyer of last resort .')

Input: But would n't it be more efficient and effective to supply such support to the stock market directly ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $ 7 billion and $ 10 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And taking more direct action has the advantage of avoiding sharp increases in the money supply , such as happened in October 1987 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as happened in October 1987 .','And taking more direct action has the advantage of avoiding sharp increases in the money supply .')

Input: It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at a particular level .','It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages .')

Input: It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('It would be inappropriate for the government to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares .','It would be inappropriate for the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares .')

Input: The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The increased demand would normalize trading .','The increased demand would stabilize prices .')

Input: Disorderly market conditions could be observed quite frequently in foreign exchange markets in the 1960s and 1970s .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It would be damaging to industry and to the financial sector in general , to say nothing of banks , if prudence does not guide the financing of leveraged transactions .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('It would be damaging to industry and to the financial sector in general .','This is to say nothing of banks , if prudence does not guide the financing of leveraged transactions .')

Input: In other comments , he said takeovers may not always be the most efficient way of securing a change of corporate direction or strategy .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said in other comments .','Takeovers may not always be the most efficient way of securing a change of corporate direction or strategy .')

Input: Likewise , AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said the bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what AST Research Inc. and Sun Microsystems Inc. said .','The bugs wo n't delay their development of 486-based machines .')

Input: What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say .','Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu .')

Input: The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You can do that but you 're taking a risk .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('You can do that .','You 're taking a risk .')

Input: Intel 's microprocessors are the chips of choice in many of today 's personal computers and the 80486 microprocessor is the spearhead of the company 's bid to guard that spot in the next generation of machines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Intel 's microprocessors are the chips of choice in many of today 's personal computers .','The 80486 microprocessor is the spearhead of the company 's bid to guard that spot in the next generation of machines .')

Input: Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher-priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so-called servers , which connect groups of computers together , and in computer-aided design .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher-priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so-called servers .',', So-called servers connect groups of computers together , and in computer-aided design .')

Input: But while the chip 's speed in processing power is dazzling , it 's real strength lies in its software inheritance .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The chip 's speed in processing power is dazzling .','But , it 's real strength lies in its software inheritance .')

Input: Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones .','Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem .')

Input: It 's important to share the risk and even more so when the market has already peaked .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's important to share the risk .','It 's important to share even more so when the market has already peaked .')

Input: The Usinor unit has agreed to provide technology and expertise to install a so-called spin caster by early next fall .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by early next fall .','The Usinor unit has agreed to provide technology and expertise to install a so-called spin caster .')

Input: Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union to consolidate BethForge 's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union .','This is to consolidate BethForge 's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations .')

Input: But there is a grimly ironic twist to the Columbia loss .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As followers of the debate over a capital-gains tax cut know , there is much talk in Congress and indeed all over Washington about the need to encourage long-term investment and discourage the financial sector 's presumed obsession with the short term .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Followers of the debate over a capital-gains tax cut know .','There is much talk in Congress and indeed all over Washington about the need to encourage long-term investment and discourage the financial sector 's presumed obsession with the short term .')

Input: Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here , and huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here .','Huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left .')

Input: We are dismayed , but there 's nothing we can do about it now , said Stanley Grayson , New York City deputy mayor for finance and economic development .
Prediction: NONE

Input: City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in , but negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm and under the code name Everglades .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in .','Negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm and under the code name Everglades .')

Input: Plus , one Exxon official said , by eliminating the typically long New York commutes between office and home , management will expect employees to work 40 hours a week in Dallas , rather than a 35-hour work week in New York .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Plus , one Exxon official said , management is eliminating the typically long New York commutes between office and home .','Plus , one Exxon official said , management will expect employees to work 40 hours a week in Dallas , rather than a 35-hour work week in New York .')

Input: The statistics exclude pulp consumed at the producing mill or shipped to another mill that is affiliated with the producing mill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The statistics exclude pulp consumed at the producing mill or shipped to another mill .','Another mill is affiliated with the producing mill .')

Input: The September 87 % operating rate compared with a rate of 101 % in August but was unchanged from a year earlier .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The September 87 % operating rate compared with a rate of 101 % in August .','The September 87 % operating rate was unchanged from a year earlier .')

Input: The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists .','The completion of the merger agreement turns .')

Input: But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But they never materialized .','But IMA completed the purchase yesterday .')

Input: Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston .','Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of James F. Lyons .','Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of William S. Goldberg .','Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of Harold S. Handelsman .')

Input: Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Margins are the amount of money .','An investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract the amount .')

Input: Margins were raised or lowered about a dozen times since the crash Oct. 19 , 1987 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he added that individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But he added .','Individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds .')

Input: Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards .','Appropriate public safeguards can and should be instituted throughout the industry .')

Input: The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of service fees , which will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of service fees .',', Service fees will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets .')

Input: Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In an already low-profitmargin business , commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public , depriving the private individual of access to the markets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an already low-profitmargin business .',', Commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public , depriving the private individual of access to the markets .')

Input: Faced with the virtually impossible task of supervising the execution of each trade , many commodity brokerage firms are likely to stop doing business with independents and instead hire their own salaried floor brokers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many commodity brokerage firms are faced with the virtually impossible task of supervising the execution of each trade .','Many commodity brokerage firms are likely to stop doing business with independents and instead hire their own salaried floor brokers .')

Input: In other words , regulation will occur through inaction and happenstance , rather than through a normal deliberative procedure .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in other words .','Regulation will occur through inaction and happenstance , rather than through a normal deliberative procedure .')

Input: Nonetheless , each has too much potential value to the system to be banned by legislative fiat before the CFTC carefully considers all the consequences of a ban and what the regulatory alternatives are .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was nonetheless .','Each has too much potential value to the system to be banned by legislative fiat before the CFTC carefully considers all the consequences of a ban and what the regulatory alternatives are .')

Input: That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , positive and negative , of the proposed resolutions to those problems , and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was positive and negative .','That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications of the proposed resolutions to those problems , and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades .')

Input: Mr. Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nastro is Mr. .','Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at Shearson Lehman Hutton .')

Input: A minor bureaucrat dies suddenly , dooming his family to poverty and eventual disgrace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to poverty and eventual disgrace .','A minor bureaucrat dies suddenly , dooming his family .')

Input: The real tragedy , though , lies not in the family 's circumstances but in its concern for appearances .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is though .','The real tragedy lies not in the family 's circumstances but in its concern for appearances .')

Input: But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hassan comes to a bad end , but so does almost everyone else in the book .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Hassan comes to a bad end .','Hassan so does almost everyone else in the book .')

Input: His giddy dream of redeeming a life of badly aimed bullets by punishing the real robbers -- the rich dogs who prey on the poor -- leads only to the death of innocents , and eventually to his own .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('His giddy dream of redeeming a life of badly aimed bullets by punishing the real robbers -- the rich dogs -- leads only to the death of innocents , and eventually to his own .','The rich dogs prey on the poor .')

Input: The 1981 novel Wedding Song also is experimental , and another badly aimed bullet .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Buried in the work is a meditation on the morality of art , and on the struggle for integrity in an unfair world .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But again , the themes get tangled in Mr. Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mahfouz is Mr. .','But again , the themes get tangled in Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling .')

Input: Mr. Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mahfouz was Mr. .','Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel .')

Input: Wedding Song gives glimpses of a Cairo that has become so much harsher since his youth , when , as he once said , the poorest person was able to find his daily bread and without great difficulty .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wedding Song gives glimpses of a Cairo .','Glimpses of a Cairo has become so much harsher since his youth , when , as he once said , the poorest person was able to find his daily bread and without great difficulty .')

Input: Characters complain ceaselessly about food queues , prices and corruption .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Characters complain ceaselessly about food queues .',', Characters complain ceaselessly about prices .',', Characters complain ceaselessly about corruption .')

Input: And the ubiquitous opium addict is now a cynical and selfish man who gripes : Only government ministers can afford it these days !
Prediction: CO/LIST('And the ubiquitous opium addict is now a cynical and selfish man who gripes ! .','And government ministers can afford it these days ! .')

Input: It also provides for benefit adjustments , including a partial restoration of vacations and holidays , as well as work-rule changes to increase productivity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is including a partial restoration of vacations and holidays .','It also provides for benefit adjustments , as well as work-rule changes to increase productivity .')

Input: And transfer control of much of it to Capitol Hill .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Capitol Hill .','And transfer control of much of it .')

Input: The HUD scandals will simply continue , but under new mismanagement .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The HUD scandals will simply continue .','The HUD scandals will simply under new mismanagement .')

Input: After one of the most amazing debates we 've ever seen on the cable channel C-SPAN , the House voted 250 to 170 on Wednesday to order $ 28.4 million in spending for a New Jersey arts center , a Michigan library and 38 other pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that was supposed to have been so abused during Sam Pierce 's tenure .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('After one of the most amazing debates we 've ever seen on the cable channel C-SPAN , the House voted 250 to 170 on Wednesday .','This was to order $ 28.4 million in spending for a New Jersey arts center , a Michigan library and 38 other pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that was supposed to have been so abused during Sam Pierce 's tenure .')

Input: HUD has no paper work whatsoever on 30 of the projects , none of the others has been approved and not a single congressional hearing has been held on any of them .
Prediction: CO/LIST('HUD has no paper work whatsoever on 30 of the projects .','None of the others has been approved .','Not a single congressional hearing has been held on any of them .')

Input: They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They are often closed to the public .','No minutes are taken .')

Input: The GNP of the Bahamas is probably somewhere between one and two billion dollars .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So you get an idea of the leverage there and elsewhere that our market for drugs has brought about .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', So you get an idea of the leverage .','Our market for drugs has brought about .')

Input: But , I have to tell you that it seems to me that the conceptual base of the current program is flawed and the program is not likely to work .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We designed a comprehensive program , and we worked hard on it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We designed a comprehensive program .','We worked hard on it .')

Input: With these incentives , demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with these incentives .','Demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it .')

Input: It seems to me we 're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business and the incentives for criminality out of it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It seems to me we 're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business .','It seems to me we 're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the incentives for criminality out of it .')

Input: We need at least to consider and examine forms of controlled legalization of drugs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But trade , one of the economy 's main forces in the past few years , showed a sharp deterioration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trade was one of the economy 's main forces in the past few years .','But trade showed a sharp deterioration .')

Input: Imports of goods and services soared , while exports were flat .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Imports of goods and services soared .','Exports were flat .')

Input: And business investment -- which slowed in the third quarter , according to yesterday 's report -- is expected to continue to be sluggish .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to yesterday 's report .','And business investment -- which slowed in the third quarter -- is expected to continue to be sluggish .')

Input: But it will slow production .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Except for the loss from the hurricane , all the figures were adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was except for the loss from the hurricane .','All the figures were adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation .')

Input: General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division said it is offering $ 750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size Blazer and Suburban truck lines .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division said .','It is offering $ 750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size Blazer and Suburban truck lines .')

Input: Proceeds of the offering will be used to redeem C$ 264 million of preferred shares and to reduce short-term debt , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Proceeds of the offering will be used to redeem C$ 264 million of preferred shares and to reduce short-term debt .','This was what the company said .')

Input: Others are trying to find specialty defense work spared by the slowdown or new niches created by budget-cutting .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Others are trying to find specialty defense work spared by the slowdown .','Others are trying to find specialty defense work spared by new niches created by budget-cutting .')

Input: We 're trying to take the imagination and talent of our engineers and come up with new processes for industry , says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It was our first acquisition , he says , and it was a mistake .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It was our first acquisition .','It was a mistake .')

Input: Some companies are cutting costs and hoping for the best .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some companies are cutting costs .',', Some companies are hoping for the best .')

Input: But we 're not making as many -LCB- pyrotechnic devices -RCB- as we used to .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Morishita is a leading figure among Japan 's 38,000 machikin , which lend to small companies , and sarakin , which lend to individuals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morishita is Mr. .','Morishita is a leading figure among Japan 's 38,000 machikin , which lend to small companies , and sarakin , which lend to individuals .')

Input: But the interest rates they charge are often near Japan 's 54.75 % legal limit , says Kenji Utsunomiya , a lawyer specializing in loan troubles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Aichi is a machikin , Mr. Utsunomiya says , and one of the nasty ones .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Utsunomiya is Mr. .','Aichi is a machikin , Utsunomiya says , and one of the nasty ones .')

Input: But Christies , Mr. Morishita insists , is happy to see him become a long-term stockholder .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morishita is Mr. .','But Christies , Morishita insists , is happy to see him become a long-term stockholder .')

Input: But when asked what exactly he does in business , he immediately takes offense .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arthur Price resigned as president and chief executive officer of MTM Enterprises Inc. , a Studio-City , Calif. , entertainment concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('MTM Enterprises Inc. were a Studio-City , Calif. , entertainment concern .','Arthur Price resigned as president and chief executive officer of MTM Enterprises Inc. .')

Input: This reflects the restoration of wage cuts in the steel and other industries as well as higher wages granted nurses who work in health-care facilities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This reflects the restoration of wage cuts in the steel and other industries as well as higher wages granted nurses .','Nurses work in health-care facilities .')

Input: Unions covered by one or other provisions generally settled for lower percentage wage increases .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It impresses on ordinary , young Filipinos that there 's nothing to feel inferior about in using their own language , says Randy David , a sociologist and host of a popular television talk show .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The success of Batibot stands in marked contrast to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language .','The success of Batibot stands in marked contrast .')

Input: For the middle and upper-middle class -LCB- Filipino -RCB- is declasse , says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST('-LRB- There are seven major languages . -RRB- .','-LRB- There are more than 70 dialects in the country . -RRB- .')

Input: But the production is the equal of any local program .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The program is n't afraid to tackle controversial topics such as nuclear weapons and the environment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The program is n't afraid to tackle controversial topics such as nuclear weapons .','The program is n't afraid to tackle controversial topics such as the environment .')

Input: The company estimates the offering price at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share .','The company estimates the offering price .')

Input: Bostik is the first Emhart Corp. unit to be sold as part of the power-tool manufacturer 's effort to reduce debt and consolidate operations after it acquired Emhart earlier this year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The move significantly expanded Black & Decker 's product line , but also significantly increased its debt load .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The move significantly expanded Black & Decker 's product line .','The move significantly also significantly increased its debt load .')

Input: Bostic is one of the previously unnamed units , and the first of the five to be sold .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bostic is one of the previously unnamed units to be sold .','Bostic is one of the first of the five to be sold .')

Input: The Hart-Scott filing is then reviewed and any antitrust concerns usually met .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Hart-Scott filing is then reviewed .','Any antitrust concerns usually met .')

Input: The $ 20,000 tax would be a small cost in a multibillion-dollar deal , but a serious drag on thousands of small , friendly deals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the same time .','He is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid .')

Input: For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the moment .','The sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas .')

Input: The lobbying group used publicly available information to calculate each company 's domestic profits and its federal income tax payments .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The lobbying group used publicly available information .','This was to calculate each company 's domestic profits and its federal income tax payments .')

Input: But even though companies are paying more taxes , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Companies are paying more taxes .','But , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said .')

Input: And 45 companies paid effective tax rates of below 10 % of their income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was of below 10 % of their income .','And 45 companies paid effective tax rates .')

Input: DSP makes electronic instrumentation and data acquisition systems .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But operating a U.S. department-store chain would be very difficult , says Motoyuki Homma , managing director of the international division at Mitsukoshi Ltd. , one of Japan 's leading department stores .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nor is Tokyu the only Japanese retailer interested in Bloomingdale 's , which bankers in Tokyo estimate could cost between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store and a European department store to forge a global retailing network .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store to forge a global retailing network .','Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a European department store to forge a global retailing network .')

Input: First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('First they set up overseas merchandising offices .','This was to import items and track new fashion trends .')

Input: But he stops there .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But we 're ... going to be in the exact same situation next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There will be no sightseeing , no shopping and no social events .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There will be no sightseeing .','There will be no shopping .','There will be no social events .')

Input: Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to San Francisco .',', Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid .')

Input: Sumitomo Bank donated $ 500,000 , Tokyo prefecture $ 15,000 and the city of Osaka $ 10,000 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sumitomo Bank donated $ 500,000 .',', Sumitomo Bank donated Tokyo prefecture $ 15,000 .',', Sumitomo Bank donated the city of Osaka $ 10,000 .')

Input: But China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported that the number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair -- without providing statistics .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported -- without providing statistics .','The number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair .')

Input: The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer-aided program trading .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices .','The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the role of computer-aided program trading .')

Input: The issue has assumed some of the character of past civil-rights debates and reopens old regional divisions in the Democratic majority .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue has assumed some of the character of past civil-rights debates .','The issue reopens old regional divisions in the Democratic majority .')

Input: The odd mix of departments in the underlying bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and it is a lightning rod for a running battle over the fate of the Legal Services Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The odd mix of departments in the underlying bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures .','It is a lightning rod for a running battle over the fate of the Legal Services Corp .')

Input: GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Chrysler 's operating profit fell to a scant $ 22 million , or 10 cents a share , its lowest quarterly total in seven years .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(', Chrysler 's operating profit fell to a scant $ 22 million its lowest quarterly total in seven years .',', Chrysler 's operating profit fell to 10 cents a share , its lowest quarterly total in seven years .')

Input: Its $ 309 million , or $ 1.32 a share , gain from the sale of 75 million Mitsubishi shares made net $ 331 million , or $ 1.42 a share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Its $ 309 million , or $ 1.32 a share , gain from the sale of 75 million Mitsubishi shares made net $ 331 million .','Its $ 309 million , or $ 1.32 a share , gain from the sale of 75 million Mitsubishi shares made net $ 1.42 a share .')

Input: He said Chrysler is no longer sure of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .',', Chrysler is no longer sure of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year .')

Input: Its ambiguity and uneasy mixture of the serious and the comic is no doubt one reason why it is very much in vogue with directors just now .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When , however , he decides to be modern , or more accurately , when he decides to be trendy , the results are far less satisfactory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','When he decides to be modern , or more accurately , when he decides to be trendy , the results are far less satisfactory .')

Input: When Claudio is arrested , he is brought on stage nude except for the manacles on his wrists and ankles .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Claudio is arrested .','He is brought on stage nude except for the manacles on his wrists and ankles .')

Input: Now the Alley has moved ahead on both artistic and financial fronts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus and a $ 500,000 cash reserve .
Prediction: CO/LIST('As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus .','As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 500,000 cash reserve .')

Input: And neither Democrats nor Republicans are predicting that the capital-gains forces can produce enough votes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And neither Democrats nor Republicans are predicting .','The capital-gains forces can produce enough votes .')

Input: United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for helicopter modifications and spare parts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for helicopter modifications .','United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for spare parts .')

Input: Furukawa said the U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Furukawa said .','The U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality .')

Input: Wilson H. Taylor , president and chief executive officer of this insurance and financial services concern , was elected to the additional post of chairman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wilson H. Taylor was president and chief executive officer of this insurance and financial services concern .','Wilson H. Taylor was elected to the additional post of chairman .')

Input: Let the president demand strict new ethics rules : With four sitting House members accused of sexual misdeeds , amid the unfolding HUD scandal and after the Wright debacle , people are slightly dulled by scandal , says political humorist Art Buchwald .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The former $ 3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The former $ 3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless .','The former $ 3 million-a-year lobbyist devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics .')

Input: Thus have Charles Colson and Jeb Magruder launched successful post-Watergate careers at the pulpit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I 'm enjoying my life and who I am today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I 'm enjoying my life and .','I am today my life and .')

Input: Among the glitterati who turned out in bipartisan black-tie force to benefit the Coelho Epilepsy Fund last month were Sen. Robert Dole , Rep. Newt Gingrich , and other kingpins of Congress .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She worked part-time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high-powered legal career .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She worked part-time as a consultant .',', She wrote a book .',', She restarted her high-powered legal career .')

Input: Yet his co-defendant in the case -- also a former military officer by the name of Oliver North -- has been busily and profitably burnishing his involvement in the affair .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the affair .','Yet his co-defendant in the case -- also a former military officer by the name of Oliver North -- has been busily and profitably burnishing his involvement .')

Input: John Tower was accused of womanizing and boozing during his unsuccessful bid to win confirmation as secretary of defense earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during his unsuccessful bid to win confirmation as secretary of defense earlier this year .','John Tower was accused of womanizing and boozing .')

Input: When all else fails , Gucci Gulch -- the fabled halls of the Capitol inhabited by lobbyists and their imported shoes -- offers a welcome environment for fallen officials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('All else fails .','Gucci Gulch -- the fabled halls of the Capitol inhabited by lobbyists and their imported shoes -- offers a welcome environment for fallen officials .')

Input: Canada could do plenty of things to get serious about Latin America without running the risk of getting caught in the cross fire between the U.S. and Latin American members of the OAS , said Jeffrey Simpson , a columnist in Toronto 's Globe & Mail newspaper .
Prediction: NONE

Input: France voted the same as the U.S. 76 % of the time , West Germany 79 % and Britain 83 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('France voted the same as the U.S. 76 % of the time .','France voted the same as the U.S. West Germany 79 % .','France voted the same as the U.S. Britain 83 % .')

Input: The OAS , which tries to promote peace and economic development within the Americas , is attempting to find a settlement of the current Panama political crisis .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The OAS is attempting to find a settlement of the current Panama political crisis .','The OAS tries to promote peace and economic development within the Americas .')

Input: Cuba has been suspended from OAS membership , but the organization 's members are discussing Cuba 's reinstatement .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Cuba has been suspended from OAS membership .','The organization 's members are discussing Cuba 's reinstatement .')

Input: Robert H. Knight 's Oct. 5 editorial-page article bemoaning violence in comedy movies -LRB- Hollywood , You Slay Me -RRB- is interesting , but somewhat off-base .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hollywood is you .','Robert H. Knight 's Oct. 5 editorial-page article bemoaning violence in comedy movies -LRB- Hollywood Slay Me -RRB- is interesting , but somewhat off-base .')

Input: Similarly , one of the most popular comedy genres of the 1930s and '40s was the murder mystery\/comedy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was similarly .','One of the most popular comedy genres of the 1930s and '40s was the murder mystery\/comedy .')

Input: Many modern scriptwriters seem to be incapable of writing drama , or anything else , without foul-mouthed cursing .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Many modern scriptwriters seem to be incapable of writing drama without foul-mouthed cursing .','Many modern scriptwriters seem to be incapable of writing anything else , without foul-mouthed cursing .')

Input: Hence copious amounts of gratuitous sex , violence and gutter language are included as a crutch .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The average unemployment rate in the 15 biggest industrialized democracies was steady in August at the 6.1 % rate of the two previous months , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The average unemployment rate in the 15 biggest industrialized democracies was steady in August at the 6.1 % rate of the two previous months .','This was what the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development -LRB- OECD -RRB- said .')

Input: Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the primary metal and electric and electronics-product industries .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the primary metal .','Most of the August decrease was attributed to electric and electronics-product industries .')

Input: We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They are stressing that the best way for the West to help the East is to move faster towards Western European economic and monetary unity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They are stressing .','The best way for the West to help the East is to move faster towards Western European economic and monetary unity .')

Input: One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans , despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest .','One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans .')

Input: But for us in Western Europe , these are Europeans next door .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There is likely to be a natural division of labor , says Francois Heisbourg , director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , with the U.S. more engaged in strategic issues with the Soviet Union , and Western Europe more involved with specific aid measures for the East .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There is likely to be a natural division of labor , says Francois Heisbourg , director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , with the U.S. more engaged in strategic issues with the Soviet Union .','Western Europe more involved with specific aid measures for the East .')

Input: The designation at July 's economic summit of major industrialized nations of the EC Commission as coordinator of Western aid to Poland and Hungary was a first step .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He notes that the Marshall Plan of U.S. aid to Europe did n't just throw money at post-war Europe , it also liberalized and opened up those markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a common European home , implying the eventual dissolution of the EC , a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces , would be a very , very serious problem , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a common European home , implying the eventual dissolution of the EC , a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces , would be a very , very serious problem .','This is what he says .')

Input: They want reassurance we wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact ... .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They want reassurance ... .','We wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact reassurance .')

Input: In return , the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in return .','The U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons .')

Input: The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board .','The transaction requires the approval of the company 's shareholders .')

Input: Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Once triggered .','This is what the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets .')

Input: Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account .','This is what he says .')

Input: It will include Messrs. Schwarz and Maurer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schwarz is Messrs. .','It will include Schwarz and Maurer .')

Input: While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('This indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers .',', Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co .')

Input: The balance of the company 's assets and liabilities would be transferred to a new company that would be owned by Sharon 's creditors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The balance of the company 's assets and liabilities would be transferred to a new company .','A new company would be owned by Sharon 's creditors .')

Input: But as Congress prepares a fresh package of sanctions against Beijing , the already-tense relationship could get worse .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress prepares a fresh package of sanctions against Beijing .','But , the already-tense relationship could get worse .')

Input: We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We must not shirk our responsibility .','We can not just blame the demonstrators .')

Input: But , he adds , I was not acting as a messenger .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nor has Beijing hinted to its citizens that it will publish the identities of those killed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But as legislative action , they would carry greater weight and would be more difficult to rescind .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But as legislative action , they would carry greater weight .','But as legislative action , they would be more difficult to rescind .')

Input: Bush and Deng are hoping -LCB- that -RCB- cooler heads prevail .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Bush and Deng are hoping .','-LCB- that -RCB- cooler heads prevail .')

Input: That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service , was assigned the task of designing a plan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account , or PRA .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account .','This team initially called PRA .')

Input: Western tourists in the Soviet Union who could exchange a dollar -- albeit illegally -- for about four rubles a year ago are now being offered 15 rubles or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Western tourists in the Soviet Union are now being offered 15 rubles or more .','The Soviet Union could exchange a dollar -- albeit illegally -- for about four rubles a year ago .')

Input: Even a pack of 20 Western cigarettes can fetch 20 rubles or more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Moscow has already tacitly admitted that the ruble is n't worth much , announcing in August that it will pay Soviet farmers in hard currency for grain and other produce that they grow in excess of state-plan quotas .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moscow has already tacitly admitted .','The ruble is n't worth much , announcing in August that it will pay Soviet farmers in hard currency for grain and other produce that they grow in excess of state-plan quotas .')

Input: The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible .','A goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away .')

Input: Plans for the auction , which was supposed to take place last spring and become a regular event , have been thwarted by a lack of hard currency .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Plans for the auction have been thwarted by a lack of hard currency .','Plans for the auction was supposed to take place last spring and become a regular event .')

Input: That 's an emerging business in which computer makers or consultants provide turnkey communications and computing services to major corporations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System , and some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System .',', Some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank .')

Input: The central bank has been helping , but apparently not especially eagerly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it 's generally accepted that sterilized intervention has little or no lasting impact on currency values .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it 's generally accepted .',', Sterilized intervention has little or no lasting impact on currency values .')

Input: This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called the Iron Curtain and interesting shifts in official American policy toward Moscow .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called the Iron Curtain in official American policy toward Moscow .','This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called interesting shifts in official American policy toward Moscow .')

Input: He was performing for pay , and why should anyone expect anything more ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if it was the national disease in 1906 , it is today the national commonplace .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('It was the national disease in 1906 .','But , it is today the national commonplace .')

Input: And if you are caught or if people complain , simply argue that everyone does it or no one said I should n't and brazen it out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was simply .','And if you are caught or if people complain argue that everyone does it or no one said I should n't and brazen it out .')

Input: Thus , no standards , no judgment and no values .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He was referring to the absolutely extraordinary events in Eastern Europe , and it is a defensible position .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He was referring to the absolutely extraordinary events in Eastern Europe .','It is a defensible position .')

Input: Or perhaps that is a fitting symbol for the United States of 1989 : Everything for sale ; nothing of real value .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: MCA holds half of Cineplex 's equity and 33 % of its voting rights through restricted voting shares , while Bronfman interests hold about 24 % of the company 's equity .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MCA holds half of Cineplex 's equity and 33 % of its voting rights through restricted voting shares .','While Bronfman interests hold about 24 % of the company 's equity .')

Input: Several Cineplex analysts have speculated that outside bids received by the committee were either disappointingly low or for only part of the company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what several Cineplex analysts have speculated .','Outside bids received by the committee were either disappointingly low or for only part of the company .')

Input: Where 's the bid ? asked Pierre Panet-Raymond , an analyst and broker with Toronto securities dealer McDermid St. Lawrence Ltd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This year , Hoechst will produce about 62,000 tons of CFCs in factories in Frankfurt , Spain and Brazil .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in factories in Frankfurt , Spain and Brazil .','This year , Hoechst will produce about 62,000 tons of CFCs .')

Input: And Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament that Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament .','That Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers .')

Input: But the EC reacted defiantly , arguing that the proposal 's main aim is to destroy the Common Agricultural Policy , the EC 's $ 28 billion-a-year price support program .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The EC 's $ 28 billion-a-year price support program was the Common Agricultural Policy .','But the EC reacted defiantly , arguing that the proposal 's main aim is to destroy the Common Agricultural Policy .')

Input: But the EC is strongly opposed to converting agricultural supports into tariffs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily .','It would establish procedures to prevent countries .')

Input: Two recent decisions by federal courts cast judges in the odd role of telling authors how they should write history and biography .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the odd role of telling authors how they should write history and biography .','Two recent decisions by federal courts cast judges .')

Input: The publisher argued in response that the fair use statute permits quotation for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , ... scholarship , or research .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the publisher argued in response .','The fair use statute permits quotation for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , ... scholarship , or research .')

Input: But in the Bare-Faced Messiah case the author found most of his material in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act .','But in the Bare-Faced Messiah case the author found most of his material .')

Input: Judges Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Oakes is Judges .','Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship .')

Input: Judges Miner and Altimari do not appear to have a clue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As matters stand , the Salinger ruling , torn from context and broadly construed , is controlling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Matters stand .','The Salinger ruling , torn from context and broadly construed , is controlling .')

Input: The courts have not defined minimal amounts , but publishers , I understand , take it to mean about 50 words .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The courts have not defined minimal amounts .','Publishers , I understand , take it to mean about 50 words .')

Input: The majority decision contended that the phrase was a rational interpretation of Mr. Masson 's description of himself as a private asset but a public liability to Anna Freud and that in any case it was not defamatory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Masson was a rational interpretation of Mr. .','The majority decision contended that the phrase was Masson 's description of himself as a private asset but a public liability to Anna Freud and that in any case it was not defamatory .')

Input: But writing history is tough enough without judges gratuitously throwing obstacles in the scholar 's path .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But writing history is tough enough without judges .','Judges are throwing obstacles in the scholar 's path .')

Input: And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan .','And , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter .')

Input: It presents no great issue of legal principle , no overriding question of family law or the law of contempt .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('It presents no great issue of legal principle .','It presents no overriding question of family law .','It presents the law of contempt .')

Input: Instead , it turns on the disputed and elusive facts of who did what to whom .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was instead .','It turns on the disputed and elusive facts of who did what to whom .')

Input: So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power this case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', So we must look elsewhere for an explanation of the unusual power .','This case has exerted over the minds of many , not just in Washington but elsewhere in the country and even the world the unusual power .')

Input: A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It may stand as a metaphor for how wide and deep the divisions in that society continue to be however we try to deny their existence .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said it awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the National Aeronautics and Space Administration said .','It awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 .')

Input: It would be 72%-owned by United Illuminating holders and 28%-owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred and common stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It would be 72 % - owned by United Illuminating holders - owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred and common stock .','It would be 72 % - owned by 28 % - owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred and common stock .')

Input: PS of New Hampshire preferred holders also would get certain debentures and preferred stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST('PS of New Hampshire preferred holders also would get certain debentures .','PS of New Hampshire preferred holders also would get preferred stock .')

Input: C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective Jan. 1 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bell Atlantic International Inc. is a unit of this telecommunications concern .',', C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. effective Jan. 1 .')

Input: But the lack of lines became painfully apparent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: With other anxious calls pouring in , he recalls , I 'd either have to disconnect the New York Stock Exchange or go out to the secretary 's desk .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('With other anxious calls pouring in , he recalls , I 'd either have to disconnect the New York Stock Exchange .','With other anxious calls pouring in , he recalls , I 'd either go out to the secretary 's desk .')

Input: It was a fairly stressful weekend , but my sense is if you had n't had Richard Breeden there , it would n't have made much of a difference .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Breeden already has shown an eagerness to run the SEC his way .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Breeden was Mr. .','But Breeden already has shown an eagerness to run the SEC his way .')

Input: With the touch of a button , drivers can choose from lavender , jasmine , mint or perfume scents , all blown in through the car 's air-conditioning system .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the touch of a button .','Drivers can choose from lavender , jasmine , mint or perfume scents , all blown in through the car 's air-conditioning system .')

Input: Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent and invites drivers to go back to the nature .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent .',', Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle invites drivers to go back to the nature .')

Input: Even the biggest auto shows in the U.S. are largely regional affairs , but the Tokyo show is international .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Even the biggest auto shows in the U.S. are largely regional affairs .','The Tokyo show is international .')

Input: These active suspension systems electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car 's ride .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These active suspension systems electronically sense road conditions .','These active suspension systems electronically adjust a car 's ride .')

Input: And Detroit 's Big Three auto makers say their systems are still under development .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Detroit 's Big Three auto makers say .','Their systems are still under development .')

Input: By contrast , the pistons in conventional four-stroke engines must move up and down twice in each power cycle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by contrast .','The pistons in conventional four-stroke engines must move up and down twice in each power cycle .')

Input: But the sponsors have an explanation : Through the character associated with a snail , they say , important values such as harmony with nature and aspirations for the future are sought .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japanese auto makers are known for coming up with funny names , but this year the practice seems to have reached a new high -- or low .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Japanese auto makers are known for coming up with funny names .','This year the practice seems to have reached a new high -- or low .')

Input: But the court jester appears to be Japan 's smallest car maker , Daihatsu Motor Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Daihatsu Motor Co is Japan 's smallest car maker .','But the court jester appears to be Japan 's smallest car maker .')

Input: Daihatsu also has the Fellow 90 , the Leeza Spider and the Hijet Dumbo .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Daihatsu also has the Fellow 90 .','Daihatsu also has the Leeza Spider .','Daihatsu also has the Hijet Dumbo .')

Input: Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits , although theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits .','Theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section .')

Input: We 've got to get out of the Detroit mentality and be part of the world mentality , declares Charles M. Jordan , GM 's vice president for design , in explaining his pilgrimage to the Tokyo Show .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's focused on streamlining PWA 's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs , the analyst said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('It 's focused on streamlining PWA 's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs .','This was what the analyst said .')

Input: The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the Fed is n't enthusiastic about Treasury efforts to bring down the value of the dollar through intervention in foreign-exchange markets , and the Treasury is frustrated at the Fed 's reluctance to cut interest rates to pull down the dollar 's value .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the Fed is n't enthusiastic about Treasury efforts to bring down the value of the dollar through intervention in foreign-exchange markets .','But the Treasury is frustrated at the Fed 's reluctance to cut interest rates to pull down the dollar 's value .')

Input: He is president and chief executive officer of Comerica Inc. in Detroit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Environmental groups have been calling for faster action on dangerous pesticides and may welcome part of the proposal .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Environmental groups have been calling for faster action on dangerous pesticides .','Environmental groups may welcome part of the proposal .')

Input: The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides , with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly .','The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides .')

Input: -- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the marketplace .','-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it .')

Input: The dollar was barely changed against the West German mark and up marginally against the Japanese yen .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The dollar was barely changed against the West German mark .','The dollar was barely up marginally against the Japanese yen .')

Input: But advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 784 to 700 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's like the U.S. and the Russians : Nobody wants to disarm first .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's like the U.S. and the Russians .','Nobody wants to disarm first .')

Input: There 's a memorable passage in which Mr. Shields , having finally learned of the practice , expresses his outrage to Bill Clements , then a university governor -LRB- and now the governor of Texas ! -RRB- and oil man Edwin Cox , chairman of the board of trustees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shields was which Mr. .','There 's a memorable passage in Shields , having finally learned of the practice , expresses his outrage to Bill Clements , then a university governor -LRB- and now the governor of Texas ! -RRB- and oil man Edwin Cox , chairman of the board of trustees .')

Input: Which was about what Mr. Shields did , and quietly , until he resigned a few years later , pleading ill health , when the stuff hit the fan .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shields was Mr. .','Which was about what Shields did , and quietly , until he resigned a few years later , pleading ill health , when the stuff hit the fan .')

Input: Mr. Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Whitford was Mr. .','Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation .')

Input: There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between Husker players and a low-level female university employee .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between Husker players .','There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between a low-level female university employee .')

Input: But the check arrived in the mail , said Stephen Kidder , Massachusetts Commissioner of Revenue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As part of the plan , the Houston-based company 's 1,100 Stop 'N Go stores will be refocused to target black , Hispanic , upscale or core middle-class customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as part of the plan .','The Houston-based company 's 1,100 Stop 'N Go stores will be refocused to target black , Hispanic , upscale or core middle-class customers .')

Input: Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines , Mexican cooking items and candies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines .',', Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Mexican cooking items .',', Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of candies .')

Input: Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods and a greater selection of bottled water .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods .',', Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get a greater selection of bottled water .')

Input: Still , Southland said that its franchisees have been targeting their merchandise to their customers for years , and that the company has begun to follow suit .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Southland said .','That its franchisees have been targeting their merchandise to their customers for years , and that the company has begun to follow suit .')

Input: Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole named a mediator to help resolve the lengthy labor dispute between the United Mine Workers and Pittston Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Elizabeth Dole was Labor Secretary .','Elizabeth Dole named a mediator to help resolve the lengthy labor dispute between the United Mine Workers and Pittston Co .')

Input: Previous talks between Pittston , of Greenwich , Conn. , and the union have been sporadic and unsuccessful .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was of Greenwich .','Previous talks between Pittston Conn. , and the union have been sporadic and unsuccessful .')

Input: Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits , among other things .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among other things .','Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits .')

Input: No schedule for formal talks was set , but meetings are expected to begin soon .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('No schedule for formal talks was set .','Meetings are expected to begin soon .')

Input: In addition to the forecast , the company also said it is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said in addition to the forecast .','It is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead .')

Input: Delmed said yesterday that Fresenius USA would begin distributing the product and that the company is investigating other possible distribution channels .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Delmed said yesterday .','That Fresenius USA would begin distributing the product and that the company is investigating other possible distribution channels .')

Input: Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern , has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fresenius was a West German pharmaceutical concern .','Fresenius has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % .')

Input: But the plan now is being reformulated , Delmed said , declining to provide most of the new terms of the combination .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But the plan now is being reformulated .','This was what Delmed said , declining to provide most of the new terms of the combination .')

Input: Delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into Delmed but less than the $ 10 million originally expected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into Delmed but less than the $ 10 million .','Less than the $ 10 million was expected .')

Input: The $ 75 million in paper money , although moldy , mildewy and smelly , was exchanged through the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia without incident .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was without incident .','The $ 75 million in paper money , although moldy , mildewy and smelly , was exchanged through the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia .')

Input: But Brooks was unable to reach a coin-cleaning agreement with the government .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And while the job is half done , Brooks is still bitter .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The job is half done .','And , Brooks is still bitter .')

Input: Not only did his company find $ 20,000 worth of work , but when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials did n't laugh at me or anything .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Parenthood , this summer 's successful and amusing movie about parents and children , apparently was only the beginning .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Parenthood was this summer 's successful and amusing movie about parents and children .','Parenthood apparently was only the beginning .')

Input: Lucy , of course , is pretty and smart , though uneducated .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is of course .','Lucy is pretty and smart , though uneducated .')

Input: But in the end , everything turns out for the best , in the film makers ' warped view .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the film makers ' warped view .','But in the end , everything turns out for the best .')

Input: But by comparison , this fluffy comedy seems like a gem .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But then , even a great many words could n't summarize the extraordinary pull of this movie about an orphaned bear who adopts a parent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But then , even a great many words could n't summarize the extraordinary pull of this movie about an orphaned bear .','An orphaned bear adopts a parent .')

Input: Westinghouse also is well positioned to sell steam turbine and gas turbine plants to independent power producers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what company officials said .','Any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter .')

Input: The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with health-care businesses .','The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties -- or lose their government money .')

Input: As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years , governmental fear of abuse has risen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years .','Governmental fear of abuse has risen .')

Input: But the guidelines could make it impossible to commercialize research , says Kenneth Smith , associate provost and vice president for research at Massachusetts Institute of Technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if that happens , the entire process of transferring technology to the marketplace could be harmed , they say .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('That happens , the entire process of transferring technology to the marketplace could be harmed .','And , they say .')

Input: Many of the deals involved transactions in which scientific institutions or researchers agreed to commercialize their work in return for an equity stake or royalties .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Many of the deals involved transactions in which scientific institutions or researchers agreed to commercialize their work in return for an equity stake .','Many of the deals involved transactions in which scientific institutions or researchers agreed to commercialize their work in return for royalties .')

Input: But , says Mr. Bock , It was a close call .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bock was Mr. .','But , says Bock , It was a close call .')

Input: If start-ups ca n't have early access to research being conducted at institutions , we have to replicate it ourselves or do without the research , says Ruth Emyanitoff , manager of business development at Applied bioTechnology Inc. , a Cambridge , Mass. , concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But when agencies like the NIH circulate guidelines , they 've often already formulated policy , veteran scientists say .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Agencies like the NIH circulate guidelines .','But , they 've often already formulated policy , veteran scientists say .')

Input: Says Mr. Daly , the venture capitalist : It does n't matter whether they call it guidelines or policy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein and first produced on Broadway in 1927 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Jerome Kern and first produced on Broadway in 1927 .','New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Oscar Hammerstein and first produced on Broadway in 1927 .')

Input: Worth watching , although the music has lasted better than the plot or the humor .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Aidan Quinn , Brian Dennehy and Stockard Channing are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Aidan Quinn are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution .','Brian Dennehy are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution .',', Stockard Channing are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution .')

Input: It 's set in New York , but it resonates with the terrible dynamics of the Latin American drug wars .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's set in New York .','It resonates with the terrible dynamics of the Latin American drug wars .')

Input: No doubt there is something to irk everyone in this AT&T-sponsored dramatization of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein 's book about Watergate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But no one could disagree that Ken Burns has made a fascinating film about this famous American painter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But no one could disagree .','Ken Burns has made a fascinating film about this famous American painter .')

Input: Thursday , Nov. 2 , 9-10 p.m. EST , on A&E -LRB- repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5 -RRB- : Third and Oak : The Pool Hall .
Prediction: NONE

Input: James Earl Jones and Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men .
Prediction: CO/LIST('James Earl Jones carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men .','Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men .')

Input: Judy Woodruff hosts this handsome four-part series about the history , economy , culture and politics of the island home of Chinese democracy and capitalism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is about the history , economy , culture and politics of the island home of Chinese democracy and capitalism .','Judy Woodruff hosts this handsome four-part series .')

Input: I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits , and this one is outstanding .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits .','This one is outstanding .')

Input: The cash from the sale will go to L.J. Hooker , but the company itself will belong to Sam Merksamer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The cash from the sale will go to L.J. Hooker .','The company itself will belong to Sam Merksamer .')

Input: Renaissance declined to confirm the move , but its stock purchases were thought to have begun Tuesday , timed to coincide with the maturity this week of Treasury bills owned by the firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Renaissance 's last portfolio shift , carried out by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , was a highly publicized decision last January to sell its entire stock portfolio and buy Treasury bills .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Renaissance 's last portfolio shift was a highly publicized decision last January to sell its entire stock portfolio and buy Treasury bills .','Renaissance 's last portfolio shift was carried out by Goldman , Sachs & Co. .')

Input: Proceeds from the offering are expected to be used for remodeling the company 's Desert Inn resort in Las Vegas , refurbishing certain aircraft of the MGM Grand Air unit , and to acquire the property for the new resort .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Refurbishing certain aircraft of the MGM Grand Air unit was Las Vegas .','Proceeds from the offering are expected to be used for remodeling the company 's Desert Inn resort in Las Vegas , and to acquire the property for the new resort .')

Input: They 're anticipating further declines in rates and they 're going to get them , slowly , said Walter Frank , chief economist for the Donoghue Organization , publisher of Money Fund Report .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And shares of leveraged junk funds this year have been clobbered even harder than the junk bonds they hold .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And shares of leveraged junk funds this year have been clobbered even harder than the junk bonds .','They hold the junk bonds .')

Input: But when the market moves against the fund , investors lose more than other junk holders because the market decline is magnified by the amount the fund is leveraged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The market moves against the fund .','But , investors lose more than other junk holders because the market decline is magnified by the amount the fund is leveraged .')

Input: She declined to elaborate and would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She declined to elaborate .',', She would n't disclose the fund 's recent purchases , sales or cash position .')

Input: But a few funds have taken other defensive steps .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 're looking at the leverage factor every day , says Robert Moore , president of Bernstein-Macaulay Inc. , a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit and the fund 's adviser .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It could cost taxpayers $ 15 million to install and BPC residents $ 1 million a year to maintain .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('It could cost taxpayers $ 15 million .','This is to install and BPC residents $ 1 million a year to maintain .')

Input: But for South Gardens , the grid was to be a 3-D network of masonry or hedge walls with real plants inside them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with real plants inside them .','But for South Gardens , the grid was to be a 3-D network of masonry or hedge walls .')

Input: In a letter to the BPCA , kelly\/varnell called this arbitrary and amateurish .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a letter to the BPCA .','Kelly\/varnell called this arbitrary and amateurish .')

Input: I 've always relied heavily on the grid and found it never to fail .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 've always relied heavily on the grid .','I found it never to fail .')

Input: The labels were breathy : Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form rooms ... here and there are simple architectural forms , a whimsical jet of water , a conceit of topiary or tartan plaid , and chairs of every sort to drag around ... .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They looked at the miniature and saw a giant folly .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They looked at the miniature .','They saw a giant folly .')

Input: One thing about the Bartlett plan was never in doubt : It would demand the full-time skills of a battalion of topiary barbers , rosarians , orchardists and arborists .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One thing about the Bartlett plan was never in doubt .','It would demand the full-time skills of a battalion of topiary barbers , rosarians , orchardists and arborists .')

Input: It seems to me the BPCA plan has the potential of making South Gardens a horticultural jail for people and plants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The success of the British gold standard was due to independent private banking and common law , rather than the choice of gold for valuing the currency .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The success of the British gold standard was due to independent private banking for valuing the currency .','The success of the British gold standard was due to common law , rather than the choice of gold for valuing the currency .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: After the study , the SEC would be willing to consider adding new circuit breakers or fine-tuning the current ones , he added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was after the study .','The SEC would be willing to consider adding new circuit breakers or fine-tuning the current ones , he added .')

Input: He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he argued .','That the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last .')

Input: They are spread around the country and include locations in California , Florida , Washington and Arizona .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They are spread around the country .','They include locations in California , Florida , Washington and Arizona .')

Input: The company is active in office and residential development in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Now , thousands of mailers , catalogs and sales pitches go straight into the trash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','Thousands of mailers , catalogs and sales pitches go straight into the trash .')

Input: It 's the overload problem and the weight problem we have .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the practice often varies from location to location even within a company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to location even within a company .','And the practice often varies from location .')

Input: But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what industry executives say .','Businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names .')

Input: Direct marketers were especially alarmed when General Motors -- one of the country 's largest companies and a big direct-mail user itself -- entered the junk-mail battle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Direct marketers were especially alarmed .','General Motors -- one of the country 's largest companies and a big direct-mail user itself -- entered the junk-mail battle .')

Input: They 're going to decide what their employees can or can not read .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But then again , mailing less and smarter wo n't be much help if the mail ends up in the garbage anyway .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But then again , mailing less and smarter wo n't be much help .','The mail ends up in the garbage anyway .')

Input: TV ads plugging the company 's new V-6 Sonata and its souped-up Excel subcompact will begin appearing Monday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car , and an announcer says , Listen to what they 're saying about the Hyundai Sonata .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car .','An announcer says , Listen to what they 're saying about the Hyundai Sonata .')

Input: Seagram will run two interactive ads in December magazines promoting its Chivas Regal and Crown Royal brands .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in December magazines promoting its Chivas Regal and Crown Royal brands .',', Seagram will run two interactive ads .')

Input: The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other possibilities include a child-care initiative and an increase in the minimum wage .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other possibilities include a child-care initiative .','Other possibilities include an increase in the minimum wage .')

Input: But the officials insist that such a deal on a future vote would have to apply to both the House and the Senate .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the officials insist .',', Such a deal on a future vote would have to apply to both the House and the Senate .')

Input: Representatives of the Inuit and Cree peoples living in Quebec and Labrador in northeastern Canada told the ministry of the planned action at a meeting , a ministry spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Representatives of the Inuit and Cree peoples living in Quebec and Labrador in northeastern Canada told the ministry of the planned action at a meeting .','This was what a ministry spokesman said .')

Input: The vehicle has a top speed of 65 miles an hour and requires recharging from a standard wall socket every 100 miles .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The vehicle has a top speed of 65 miles an hour .','The vehicle requires recharging from a standard wall socket every 100 miles .')

Input: Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the reversal of bad debt and interest income .','Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 .')

Input: Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Total Assets plans and designs computer centers .','Total Assets plans and designs computer security systems .','Total Assets plans and designs computer backup systems .')

Input: The institute 's advocacy efforts are based on the needs of the population it serves and represents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The institute 's advocacy efforts are based on the needs of the population .','It serves and represents the population .')

Input: In 1986 , some institute patients were reporting breakthrough seizures when they were switched from a specific brand-name medication to a generic one or from one generic manufacturer of a specific product to another .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some institute patients were reporting breakthrough seizures in 1986 .','When they were switched from a specific brand-name medication to a generic one or from one generic manufacturer of a specific product to another .')

Input: But no ethical physician would switch patients who were doing well on a specific medication from a specific manufacturer to prove a point .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But no ethical physician would switch patients .','Patients were doing well on a specific medication from a specific manufacturer to prove a point .')

Input: The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums , and these symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums .','These symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer .')

Input: This perhaps was perceived as a bold stance , and thus suspicious .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But let us not confuse profits of big business masquerading as concerns for people 's health care or for the cost .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But let us not confuse profits of big business .','Big business is masquerading as concerns for people 's health care or for the cost .')

Input: A volcano will erupt next month on the fabled Strip : a 60-foot mountain spewing smoke and flame every five minutes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon with more than four acres of pools , grottoes and waterfalls .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with more than four acres of pools , grottoes and waterfalls .','The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon .')

Input: In the lobby behind its nine-story , orchid-strewn atrium , a 20,000-gallon aquarium will come alive with sharks , stingrays , angelfish , puffers and other creatures of the deep .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the lobby behind its nine-story , orchid-strewn atrium .','A 20,000-gallon aquarium will come alive with sharks , stingrays , angelfish , puffers and other creatures of the deep .')

Input: Now the Mirage and Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. 's $ 290 million Excalibur are going up .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Now the Mirage are going up .','Now Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. 's $ 290 million Excalibur are going up .')

Input: Projects in the talking or blueprint stage would add a further 48,000 rooms .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Nevada state labor economists think a shortage is probable .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Nevada state labor economists think .','A shortage is probable .')

Input: The Palace , with its marble fountains and toga parties for high rollers , is already well-known for its Caesarean theme .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with its marble fountains and toga parties for high rollers .','The Palace is already well-known for its Caesarean theme .')

Input: Casino revenues and hotel occupancy rates are high .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Casino revenues are high .','Hotel occupancy rates are high .')

Input: Two generations ago , Dad came to Las Vegas by himself for a little diversion , says Van Heffner , executive vice president of the Nevada Hotel and Motel Association .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds and the recreational-vehicle crowd .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds .','Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to the recreational-vehicle crowd .')

Input: Hotel expansion and an influx of more-discriminating tourists have hurt motels .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hotel expansion have hurt motels .','An influx of more-discriminating tourists have hurt motels .')

Input: Its parking lot is inconvenient , the MGM lion's-head logo still appears in places , and customers still call it the Grand , rather than the Bally Grand .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Its parking lot is inconvenient .','The MGM lion 's - head logo still appears in places .',', Customers still call it the Grand , rather than the Bally Grand .')

Input: It has a great location , but they 're going to have some real problems when everyone around them opens , says Daniel Lee , a Drexel analyst .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But 93 % of tourists still come for gambling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Finding a test case should n't be hard , but there is something to be said for picking the best one possible .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Finding a test case should n't be hard .','There is something to be said for picking the best one possible .')

Input: After the HUD and S&L stories broke , some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The HUD and S&L stories broke .',', Some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble .')

Input: They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('They worried about an Interior Department directive .','This was to log all communications with Members or their staffs .')

Input: The fear Congress has of any line-item-veto test led Members to add the single most contorted and ridiculous provision this year , This section shall be effective only on Oct. 1 , 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Congress is The fear .',', Congress has of any line-item-veto test led Members to add the single most contorted and ridiculous provision this year , This section shall be effective only on Oct. 1 , 1989 .')

Input: Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets , but the line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets .','The line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers .')

Input: Troubled SCI Television Inc. proposed to restructure much of its $ 1.3 billion in debt to buy time to sell assets and pay its obligations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And in suburban Boston , developers are bracing for cutbacks in the computer industry , a major user of office space .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The computer industry is a major user of office space .','And in suburban Boston , developers are bracing for cutbacks in the computer industry .')

Input: Many troubled properties have n't been foreclosed on and are hard to identify , says Albert I. Berger , who heads the Secaucus , N.J. , office of Helmsley-Spear Inc. , a real estate brokerage .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million .','This was to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts .')

Input: Exteriors are faced with brick , wood or stone , but the homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Exteriors are faced with brick , wood or stone .','The homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete .')

Input: We were disappointed we could n't use wood , says architect Walter J. Richardson , but the Japanese only want stronger materials .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('We were disappointed we could n't use wood .','The Japanese only want stronger materials .')

Input: One of the difficulties people in real estate have is that each product is like starting a new company , or starting a new line in the fashion business , says L. Robert Lieb president of Mountain Development Corp. in West Paterson , N.J .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , has developed two apartment buildings called Classic and plans a third .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , has developed two apartment buildings called Classic .',', Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , plans a third .')

Input: Beacon Hill is for move-up town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Beacon Hill is for move-up town houses .','Beacon Hill is for Nob Hill , for single-family houses .')

Input: But like other real estate professionals accustomed to California 's quake risks , Mr. Leventhal anticipates little long-term change in the city 's commercial real estate market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Leventhal is Mr. .','But like other real estate professionals accustomed to California 's quake risks , Leventhal anticipates little long-term change in the city 's commercial real estate market .')

Input: The message is we build 'em right , says Peter Bedford , a California developer and officer at Urban Land Institute .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The agency is working on licensing importers but does n't currently monitor imports .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The agency is working on licensing importers .','The agency does n't currently monitor imports .')

Input: But there is a small risk that some were imported with high radiation levels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there is a small risk .',', Some were imported with high radiation levels .')

Input: European venture capital funds total about $ 14 billion and are expected to continue growing 35 % annually .
Prediction: CO/LIST('European venture capital funds total about $ 14 billion .','European venture capital funds are expected to continue growing 35 % annually .')

Input: Spain and Italy are most often mentioned as the future economic hot spots .
Prediction: NONE

Input: AN AIDS DIRECTORY from the American Foundation for AIDS Research rates and reviews educational materials .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Learning AIDS lists films , pamphlets , brochures , videos and other educational data .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Learning AIDS lists films .','Learning AIDS lists pamphlets .','Learning AIDS lists brochures .','Learning AIDS lists videos .','Learning AIDS lists other educational data .')

Input: But most of them , led by Morgan Stanley & Co. , moved back in earlier this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But most of them moved back in earlier this year .','Most of them was led by Morgan Stanley & Co. .')

Input: The most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks .',', Stocks were offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options .')

Input: Last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day , or a record 13.8 % of the Big Board 's average daily volume .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day .','Last month , program trading accounted for a record 13.8 % of the Big Board 's average daily volume .')

Input: Index arbitrage does n't work , and it scares natural buyers of stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Index arbitrage does n't work .','It scares natural buyers of stock .')

Input: We 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they 're ruining the market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage .','We told them to cool it because they 're ruining the market .')

Input: Small investors perceive that big operators dominate the market , said Thomas O'Hara , chairman of the National Association of Investors and head of the exchange 's Individual Investors Advisory Committee set up after the 1987 crash .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Morgan Stanley and Kidder Peabody , the two biggest program trading firms , staunchly defend their strategies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgan Stanley and Kidder Peabody are the two biggest program trading firms .','Morgan Stanley and Kidder Peabody staunchly defend their strategies .')

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The notes are zero-coupon securities .','The notes will not pay interest periodically .')

Input: Rated Ba-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated Ba-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. .','The issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .')

Input: The bonds , insured and rated triple-a by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 7.25 % in 2016 .','The bonds , insured and rated triple-a by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 .')

Input: Beverly Hills , Calif. -- $ 116,385,000 of refunding certificates of participation -LRB- civic center improvements project -RRB- , due 1990-2004 , 2007 , 2016 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.19 % in 2016 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Environmental protection program current interest bonds are due 1995-1999 , 2005 and 2009 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Call at par after two years and thereafter at par every six months .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The dress business has always been a gamble , but it 's never been like this , says Mr. Levy , president of St. Gillian Group Ltd. , which has become a hot name thanks to a campaign of sexy TV commercials .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And as the applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway .','And , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders .')

Input: I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes .','I may not be paid for until April or May clothes .')

Input: Payments are good right now , but we are n't recommending any long-term lines of credit , says Richard Hastings , a retail credit analyst , referring to credit lines which make inventory purchases automatic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 're being paid today , but we 're worried about tomorrow and will want letters of credit , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They continue to pay their bills and will do so , says Ms. Sanger .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until March , April or even May .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until March .','But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until April .','But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until even May .')

Input: It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('It has n't diversified beyond steel .','It has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks .')

Input: We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward .','The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million .')

Input: And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what IBM said .','It expects the costs to continue climbing .')

Input: But it said that was mainly because the project may not bear fruit until the mid-1990s .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .','Was mainly because the project may not bear fruit until the mid-1990s .')

Input: Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with the Bendix\/King Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with the Bendix\/King Traffic Alert .','Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with Collision Avoidance System .')

Input: The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health-products distributor , a small sporting-goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy-store chain .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health-products distributor .','The three units are a small sporting-goods chain .','The three units are a combination catalog showroom and toy-store chain .')

Input: The non-food operations were largely Mr. Lortie 's creation -LCB- and -RCB- his strategy did n't work , said Steven Holt , a financial analyst with Midland Doherty Ltd .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo 's commercial paper and debentures because of its lackluster performance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded Provigo 's commercial paper .','Last month , Canadian Bond Rating Service downgraded debentures because of its lackluster performance .')

Input: Analysts are skeptical Provigo will be able to sell the non-food businesses as a group for at least book value , and are expecting write-downs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Analysts are skeptical Provigo will be able to sell the non-food businesses as a group for at least book value .','Analysts are expecting write-downs .')

Input: He declined to confirm or deny reports that Provigo executive Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy-out of the catalogue showroom unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Henri Roy was Provigo executive .','He declined to confirm or deny reports that Henri Roy is trying to put together a management buy-out of the catalogue showroom unit .')

Input: Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo , a new position .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Provigo was a new position .','Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo .')

Input: Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bussieres was Mr. .','Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit .')

Input: Lawrence Group also owns Lawrence Agency Corp. , Schenectady , N.Y. , an insurance agency and brokerage .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lawrence Group also owns Lawrence Agency Corp. .','Lawrence Group also owns Schenectady .','Lawrence Group also owns N.Y. .','Lawrence Group also owns an insurance agency .','Lawrence Group also owns brokerage .')

Input: But what happens next in the continuing takeover drama may depend more on the company 's two most powerful and fractious unions : the pilots and machinists .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the company 's two most powerful and fractious unions : the pilots and machinists .','But what happens next in the continuing takeover drama may depend more .')

Input: United pilots have shown on a number of occasions they are willing and able to strike , said an executive at Fuji Bank , one of UAL 's large lenders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Thus , even investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees an ownership stake acknowledge that the unions are key .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what even investors who are pushing for the board to do a recapitalization that would pay shareholders a special dividend and possibly grant employees an ownership stake acknowledge .','The unions are key .')

Input: But whether the pilots can team up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists , is another question .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Their longtime adversaries are the machinists .','But whether the pilots can team up with their longtime adversaries , is another question .')

Input: We may be able to reach a tradeoff where we can accommodate -LCB- the pilot union 's -RCB- concerns and ours , said Brian M. Freeman , the machinists ' financial adviser .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Who would the board be working for -- the public shareholders or the pilots ? she adds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The board and UAL 's management , he says , ca n't go back to business as usual .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The board , he says , ca n't go back to business as usual .','UAL 's management , he says , ca n't go back to business as usual .')

Input: The four-page news summary will be aimed at readers outside Canada or in Canadian locations where the national daily is n't available on the day of publication .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon .','They are trying to sell Heavy Metal .')

Input: The results include a $ 130.2 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the lower of their cost or market value .','The results include a $ 130.2 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio .')

Input: Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % .','Total equity was $ 457.9 million .')

Input: Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts over the summer .','Than industry observers have seen for a long time .')

Input: Anheuser is the biggest guy in the bar , and he just decided to join in the barroom brawl , said Joseph J. Doyle , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Miller and Anheuser .','Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share .')

Input: Stocks rose in London , but fell again in Frankfurt .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Stocks rose in London .',', Stocks fell again in Frankfurt .')

Input: But losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the end of the session .','But losers were spread in a broad range .')

Input: Daiwa House also ended easier , but Misawa Home was firmer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Daiwa House also ended easier .','Misawa Home was firmer .')

Input: It was dead , listless , depressing and negative , said one trader at a U.S. bank in Frankfurt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm .',', Share prices mixed in Amsterdam .')

Input: Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('An estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services were these bills .','Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills .')

Input: But the stark numbers yesterday -- when 282 votes were needed -- indicate the president is in a commanding position for at least this year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the stark numbers yesterday -- when 282 votes were needed -- indicate .','The president is in a commanding position for at least this year .')

Input: But given the political importance of California , the administration was content to use its influence to prevent any Senate amendments adding further new appropriations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas and Caribbean last month , and these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas and Caribbean last month .','These totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans .')

Input: But after years of using the issue for its benefit , the GOP finds its candidates on the defensive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the defensive .','But after years of using the issue for its benefit , the GOP finds its candidates .')

Input: Rupert Murdoch acquired a 25 % stake in Grupo Zeta S.A. , the leading Spanish magazine and newspaper publisher said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Rupert Murdoch acquired a 25 % stake in Grupo Zeta S.A. .','This was what the leading Spanish magazine and newspaper publisher said .')

Input: ESPs will allow institutional investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade of a minimum of $ 5 million .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('ESPs will allow institutional investors .','This is to buy or sell all 500 stocks in Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade of a minimum of $ 5 million .')

Input: Already , many of the Big Board 's own floor traders are warning that the ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what many of the Big Board 's own floor traders are warning .','The ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public .')

Input: Both the Big Board 's Exchange Stock Portfolio and the Chicago exchange 's Market Basket are designed for institutional investors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The market makers so far are CS First Boston Group 's First Boston Corp. unit , Morgan Stanley & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Inc. 's Salomon Brothers Inc. unit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The market makers so far are CS First Boston Group 's First Boston Corp. unit .','The market makers so far are Morgan Stanley & Co. .','The market makers so far are PaineWebber Group Inc. .','The market makers so far are Salomon Inc. 's Salomon Brothers Inc. unit .')

Input: With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system , the traders say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system .','This is what the traders say .')

Input: Comprehensive Care shareholders have approved acquisition of the developer and operator of Care-Unit chemical dependency and psychiatric programs for about $ 58 million in cash , notes and stock of First Hospital , Norfolk , Va .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was for about $ 58 million in cash , notes and stock of First Hospital , Norfolk , Va .',', Comprehensive Care shareholders have approved acquisition of the developer and operator of Care-Unit chemical dependency and psychiatric programs .')

Input: First Hospital advised Comprehensive Care that an agent for the financial institutions providing financing of its acquisition is scheduled to make a final credit determination tomorrow , and that a favorable determination could result in a reorganization at Comprehensive Care by the end of October .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('First Hospital advised Comprehensive Care that an agent for the financial institutions is scheduled to make a final credit determination tomorrow , and that a favorable determination could result in a reorganization at Comprehensive Care by the end of October .','The financial institutions were providing financing of its acquisition .')

Input: Officials of Pittsburgh-based H.H. Robertson , which makes steel roofs , store fronts and building parts , declined comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Officials of Pittsburgh-based H.H. Robertson declined comment .','Officials of Pittsburgh-based H.H. Robertson makes steel roofs , store fronts and building parts .')

Input: Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide , RJR Nabisco , American Natural Resources , Boise Cascade Corp. , General Foods Corp. , Houston Natural Gas and FMC Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide .',', Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include RJR Nabisco .',', Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include American Natural Resources .',', Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Boise Cascade Corp. .',', Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include General Foods Corp. .',', Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Houston Natural Gas .',', Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include FMC Corp .')

Input: The limited partners include insurance companies , financial institutions and individual investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The limited partners include insurance companies .','The limited partners include financial institutions .','The limited partners include individual investors .')

Input: He maintains that the information from the FBI will help him get his 1968 conviction vacated and his bail-jumping indictment dismissed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He maintains that the information from the FBI will help him get his 1968 conviction and his bail-jumping indictment dismissed .','His 1968 conviction was vacated .')

Input: FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Standard cases would require less judicial attention , and fast-track cases could be resolved quickly .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Standard cases would require less judicial attention .','Fast-track cases could be resolved quickly .')

Input: And the study said federal courts should set firm trial dates early in the process .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the study said .','Federal courts should set firm trial dates early in the process .')

Input: The consumer brands unit was absorbed by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year when it acquired Sterling Drug Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The consumer brands unit was absorbed by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year .','It acquired Sterling Drug Inc .')

Input: And short-term , the technicians may have their way .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the first quarter of the year is generally the weakest and OPEC production does n't seem to be slackening in anticipation of that .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the first quarter of the year is generally the weakest .','But OPEC production does n't seem to be slackening in anticipation of that .')

Input: Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers , as well as continued export strength .',', Commodity pool managers were trying to profit from technical price trends .')

Input: As for corn and soybean futures , a lot of commission house buying this morning and computer-driven buying supported prices in early trading , said Steven Freed , a futures analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Russian ships are arriving in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , said Katharina Zimmer , a futures analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Futures prices rose modestly , but trading volume was n't very heavy .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Futures prices rose modestly .','Trading volume was n't very heavy .')

Input: He could n't be reached and a company spokesman would n't comment on the dismissal .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He could n't be reached .','A company spokesman would n't comment on the dismissal .')

Input: Earlier , American Medical said it had been approached again by two other possible suitors , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Medical said .','It had been approached again by two other possible suitors , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company .')

Input: The real estate investment trust said the purported class action suit , seeks damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He declined to name the shareholder , the plaintiff 's lawyer or the court where the lawsuit was filed .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('He declined to name the shareholder .','He declined to name the plaintiff 's lawyer .','He declined to name the court where the lawsuit was filed .')

Input: The French unit of Ferruzzi Agricola Finanziaria also disclosed a 40 % rise in its consolidated net profit for the first half of 1989 , excluding nonrecurring items and after payments to minority interests .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first half of 1989 , excluding nonrecurring items and after payments to minority interests .','The French unit of Ferruzzi Agricola Finanziaria also disclosed a 40 % rise in its consolidated net profit .')

Input: House and Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion for the Strategic Defense Initiative during the current fiscal year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the current fiscal year .','House and Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion for the Strategic Defense Initiative .')

Input: But as part of the overall agreement , Grumman and its outspoken supporters on Capitol Hill effectively will be precluded from reopening the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But as part of the overall agreement , Grumman effectively will be precluded from reopening the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget .','But as part of the overall agreement , its outspoken supporters on Capitol Hill effectively will be precluded from reopening the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget .')

Input: Conferees also agreed to Pentagon requests to earmark a total of nearly $ 1 billion for work on both mobile MX and Midgetman nuclear missiles , according to congressional aides .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(', Conferees also agreed to Pentagon requests .','This was to earmark a total of nearly $ 1 billion for work on both mobile MX and Midgetman nuclear missiles , according to congressional aides .')

Input: Analysts had expected Consolidated to post a slim profit , and the company 's stock was down only 25 cents to $ 30.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Analysts had expected Consolidated to post a slim profit .','The company 's stock was down only 25 cents to $ 30.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday .')

Input: But General Motors dropped 1 7\/8 to 44 7\/8 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Its GM Hughes Electronics and financial-services units both reported that third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what its GM Hughes Electronics and financial-services units reported .','Third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier .')

Input: Disappointment with the company 's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report .','Disappointment with the company 's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates .')

Input: Aetna Life & Casualty gained 1 3\/8 to 61 1\/8 , Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 64 3\/4 , Travelers added 1\/2 to 40 3\/8 and American International Group rose 3 1\/8 to 107 3\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Aetna Life & Casualty gained 13\/8 to 611\/8 .',', Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 643\/4 .','Travelers added 1\/2 to 403\/8 .','American International Group rose 31\/8 to 1073\/4 .')

Input: Procter & Gamble went down 3 1\/2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1\/2 to 37 1\/2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1\/8 to 25 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Procter & Gamble went down 31\/2 to 130 .','Dow Jones fell 31\/2 to 371\/2 .','Rockwell International dropped 21\/8 to 25 .')

Input: Its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row , and its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity , modernize factories and develop new products .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Its capital spending is growing at double-digit rates for the second year in a row .','Its superefficient producers of everything from cars to computer chips are rushing to expand capacity , modernize factories and develop new products .')

Input: Many Japanese companies expect record profits this fiscal year , and Japanese interest rates , though up a bit recently , are still low .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many Japanese companies expect record profits this fiscal year .','Japanese interest rates , though up a bit recently , are still low .')

Input: But some economists and government officials here are n't applauding .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is so concerned that it recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is so concerned .','It recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending .')

Input: The investment boom is mainly sparked , they say , by strong domestic demand and is n't likely to increase exports sharply .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The investment boom is mainly sparked , they say , by strong domestic demand .','The investment boom is n't likely to increase exports sharply .')

Input: But the worriers remain unconvinced .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The buildup is making Japan clearly more efficient , more technologically advanced and more competitive , declares a Western diplomat in Tokyo .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nissan Motor Co. 's domestic auto sales are up 20 % this year largely because its expensive Cima , Sylvia and Cefiro models are in heavy demand .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Nissan Motor Co. 's domestic auto sales are up 20 % this year .','Its expensive Cima , Sylvia and Cefiro models are in heavy demand .')

Input: Among them are the shipbuilders , which had halved their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are capturing an increased share of the strengthening global market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But we ca n't produce enough anymore .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But new-product development will make Japanese companies stronger , and big investments in domestic industries such as beer will make it even tougher for foreign competitors to crack the Japanese market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But new-product development will make Japanese companies stronger .','But big investments in domestic industries such as beer will make it even tougher for foreign competitors to crack the Japanese market .')

Input: We have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We have enough products to make .','We have the markets to sell these products .')

Input: The losers will be those with the least attractive products , and many of them , analysts think , will be foreign companies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The losers will be those with the least attractive products .','Many of them , analysts think , will be foreign companies .')

Input: The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is within 18 months .','The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units .')

Input: The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share , with the same payable and record dates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the same payable and record dates .','The Oneida , N.Y. , maker of consumer , food-service and industrial products also declared a quarterly cash dividend of 12 cents a share .')

Input: Announcement of the approval is expected to be made by Louis Sullivan , secretary of Health and Human Services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Louis Sullivan was secretary of Health and Human Services .','Announcement of the approval is expected to be made by Louis Sullivan .')

Input: The clearance by the Food and Drug Administration comes after two years of restricted access for the youngest victims of AIDS to the only antiviral drug yet cleared to treat the fatal disease .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The clearance by the Food and Drug Administration comes .','Two years of restricted access for the youngest victims of AIDS to the only antiviral drug yet cleared to treat the fatal disease .')

Input: But despite more than two years of research showing AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , the drug still lacks federal approval for use in the youngest patients .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for use in the youngest patients .','But despite more than two years of research showing AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , the drug still lacks federal approval .')

Input: But my daughter could n't , until she was too ill to take it .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But my daughter could n't .',', She was too ill to take it .')

Input: Her son , healthy and symptom-free , currently takes no medication .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is healthy and symptom-free .','Her son currently takes no medication .')

Input: AIDS dementia -- which gradually steals children 's ability to speak , walk and think -- is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The new baskets of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The new baskets of stocks will allow big investors .','This is to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade .')

Input: UAL 's pilots and machinists unions appear to hold the key to any future takeover bid for the airline .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to any future takeover bid for the airline .','UAL 's pilots and machinists unions appear to hold the key .')

Input: Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Westinghouse expects operating margins of over 10 % and sharply higher earnings per share next year due to a major restructuring .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Westinghouse expects operating margins of over 10 % per share next year due to a major restructuring .','Westinghouse expects operating margins of sharply higher earnings per share next year due to a major restructuring .')

Input: Workers at six mines in Arctic Circle coal fields called strikes over a series of economic and political demands .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was over a series of economic and political demands .','Workers at six mines in Arctic Circle coal fields called strikes .')

Input: The legislation was part of a $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The legislation was part of a $ 156.7 billion measure .','A $ 156.7 billion measure was funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health .')

Input: Research shows AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , 1,859 of whom are known to have been infected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Research shows .','AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , 1,859 of whom are known to have been infected .')

Input: House-Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 jet and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion during the current fiscal year to develop a space-based anti-missile system .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was during the current fiscal year .','House-Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 jet and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion to develop a space-based anti-missile system .')

Input: Died : Mary McCarthy , 77 , novelist and literary critic , in New York City , of cancer ... .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Jeffrey , Peter and Joseph Jr. are brothers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jeffrey are brothers .','Peter are brothers .','Joseph Jr. are brothers .')

Input: Jeffrey , Peter , Joseph Jr. , William and Joseph Sr. constitute the company 's board .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jeffrey constitute the company 's board .','Peter constitute the company 's board .','Joseph Jr. constitute the company 's board .','William constitute the company 's board .','Joseph Sr. constitute the company 's board .')

Input: Among previously disclosed possible bidders is Bloomingdale 's Chairman Marvin Traub , who has aligned himself with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Blackstone Group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they said detailed financial figures have n't been passed yet to any prospective buyers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said .','Detailed financial figures have n't been passed yet to any prospective buyers .')

Input: The suit accuses the retailer and several of its officers of making false and misleading statements about the company 's business affairs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The suit accuses the retailer .','The suit accuses several of its officers of making false and misleading statements about the company 's business affairs .')

Input: And investors , at least for now , took a pass .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But people do n't buy anything on expectation anymore , says Jack Utter , who manages the high-yield fund of IDS Financial Services .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But trading risk stems from credit risk .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And by adding equity , DLJ would seem to be acknowledging that credit risk was a concern .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And DLJ was adding equity .','And , DLJ would seem to be acknowledging that credit risk was a concern .')

Input: TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , says a big investor in high-yield debt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: \*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets .','\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of takeover defense costs .')

Input: Canada 's Brian Mulroney and Australia 's Bob Hawke , the paper said , were enraged .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Canada 's Brian Mulroney , the paper said , were enraged .','Australia 's Bob Hawke , the paper said , were enraged .')

Input: Malaysia 's Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad sniffed , If everybody else puts out their left foot and you put out your right foot , you are out of step .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mahathir Mohamad was Prime Minister .','Malaysia 's Mahathir Mohamad sniffed , If everybody else puts out their left foot and you put out your right foot , you are out of step .')

Input: CP_START CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP OTHERS CC CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands .','The issue was unchanged at 173\/4 .')

Input: Amgen advanced 1 1\/2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3\/4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7\/8 and Biogen rose 5\/8 to 14 5\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Amgen advanced 11\/2 to 56 .',', Chiron jumped 2 to 293\/4 .',', Cetus gained 1 to 167\/8 .','Biogen rose 5\/8 to 145\/8 .')

Input: In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Ford said it holds 22.8 million ordinary shares .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ford said in a Securities and Exchange Commission filing .','It holds 22.8 million ordinary shares .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: Dick Pound , a committee member , began by disclosing that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dick Pound was a committee member .','Dick Pound began by disclosing that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid .')

Input: Mr. Pilson 's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson was Mr. .','Pilson 's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price .')

Input: Well , CBS , mired in the ratings cellar and looking to sports as a way out , wanted to close the deal immediately and block its rivals from getting another chance to bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from getting another chance to bid .','Well , CBS , mired in the ratings cellar and looking to sports as a way out , wanted to close the deal immediately and block its rivals .')

Input: CBS pursues top sports to belie the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers and advertisers , charges Thomas H. Wyman , who was ousted as chairman of CBS Inc. after Laurence A. Tisch bought a 24.9 % stake in the company and took over three years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They lost the entertainment crown , and they needed one .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They lost the entertainment crown .','They needed one .')

Input: On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- .','Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion .')

Input: That 's well over half a billion dollars more than ABC and NBC were willing to pay .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That 's well over half a billion dollars more .','ABC and NBC were willing to pay .')

Input: Next month , talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts , for the pro and college basketball finals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the pro and college basketball finals .','Next month , talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts .')

Input: And the winners will be the colleges , not either network .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the 49-year-old Mr. Pilson is hardly a man to ignore the numbers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pilson is the 49-year-old Mr. .','But Pilson is hardly a man to ignore the numbers .')

Input: But top sports events are still a strong bet to lure audiences 30 % or 40 % larger than those CBS usually gets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CBS will air the Super Bowl , baseball playoffs , college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', CBS will air the Super Bowl .',', CBS will air baseball playoffs .',', CBS will air college and pro basketball finals .',', CBS will air other premier sports events .')

Input: But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby , Cheers and other shows in NBC 's No. 1 schedule .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby .','But CBS will put the athletes up against Cheers .','But CBS will put the athletes up against other shows in NBC 's No. 1 schedule .')

Input: And avoiding such losses will take a monumental effort .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what ad executives who negotiated the deal say .','Works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month .')

Input: It aired 94.5 hours of mostly live events in Calgary -- helping raise ratings slightly from 1984 -- but still failed to deliver the audience promised to advertisers .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It aired 94.5 hours of mostly live events in Calgary -- helping raise ratings slightly from 1984 -- .','It still failed to deliver the audience promised to advertisers .')

Input: This is n't outlandish bidding ; this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This is n't outlandish bidding ... .','This is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... .')

Input: That would cut into CBS 's slim margin for profit -- and error .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the savings will be minuscule .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? .','This is what he says .')

Input: Eavesdropping -- both corporate and private -- is on the rise , thanks to the proliferation of surveillance technologies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And while sellers of the equipment and companies monitoring employees have few qualms , right-to-privacy advocates and some lawmakers are alarmed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Sellers of the equipment and companies monitoring employees have few qualms .','And , right-to-privacy advocates and some lawmakers are alarmed .')

Input: On the corporate side , companies claim that monitoring employee phone conversations is both legal and necessary to gauge productivity and ensure good service .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what companies claim on the corporate side .','Monitoring employee phone conversations is both legal and necessary to gauge productivity and ensure good service .')

Input: The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to trade groups and worker organizations .','The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers .')

Input: It 's also widespread for reservations clerks in the airline , car-rental , hotel and railroad industries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. say they use voice-activated systems to record and verify orders between salesmen and traders .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. say .','They use voice-activated systems to record and verify orders between salesmen and traders .')

Input: Both companies stress that employees know they are being recorded and that customer conversations are n't taped .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kidder Peabody & Co. says it monitors bond-trading conversations between brokers and customers to safeguard order accuracy .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Kidder Peabody & Co. says .','It monitors bond-trading conversations between brokers and customers to safeguard order accuracy .')

Input: We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service , says Ms. Dale , who supervises 350 operators .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- Intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $ 10,000 . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says he has n't yet studied the Dellums bill , but that requiring a beeping tone on recorders would be ludicrous .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','He has n't yet studied the Dellums bill , but that requiring a beeping tone on recorders would be ludicrous .')

Input: But we were getting too many complaints that people were using them to eavesdrop on their neighbors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But we were getting too many complaints .','People were using them to eavesdrop on their neighbors .')

Input: But Digital 's move into mainframes will target IBM 's home turf , where it has a commanding 70 % share of the market .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('But Digital 's move into mainframes will target IBM 's home turf .','It has a commanding 70 % share of the market .')

Input: But the 3090 line is nearly five years old -- which is getting up there in mainframe years -- and its growth is expected to slow in 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the 3090 line is nearly five years old .','But its growth is expected to slow in 1990 .')

Input: IBM has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what IBM has already indicated .','It will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars .')

Input: Concord is a camera and photographic products company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Issues discussed in this context were an increase in the minimum wage and an increase in child-care spending .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Issues discussed in this context were an increase in the minimum wage .','Issues discussed in this context were an increase in child-care spending .')

Input: American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems for data , video and voice communications .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for data , video and voice communications .','American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems .')

Input: Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now .','Three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 .')

Input: Much of this work was done for higher fees than other legal work and was not generally billed by the hour .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Much of this work was done for higher fees than other legal work .','Much of this work was not generally billed by the hour .')

Input: If deals take longer to complete and there are fewer of them to do , you ca n't bill the same kind of premium as when deals took a few weeks from start to finish , says one lawyer at a large New York firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everyone is waiting to see if deals can be done at sensible prices and if money is available , said Jack Nusbaum , co-chairman of Willkie Farr .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What 's more , he said , transactions are taking a much longer time to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing and more stringent scrutiny by state courts .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('What 's more , he said , transactions are taking a much longer time .','This is to conclude and many fall apart for lack of financing and more stringent scrutiny by state courts .')

Input: Davis Polk & Wardwell also said its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Davis Polk & Wardwell said .','Its international clients are keeping mergers and acquisitions partners busy .')

Input: He previously was staff director and counsel for the Senate committee on banking , housing and urban affairs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE PHILADELPHIA law firm of Ballard , Spahr , Andrews & Ingersoll said three partners have joined its business and finance department .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the PHILADELPHIA law firm of Ballard , Spahr , Andrews & Ingersoll said .','Three partners have joined its business and finance department .')

Input: Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kent Walker is 45 .','Kent Walker a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions .')

Input: Delmed said Robert S. Ehrlich resigned as chairman , president and chief executive .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Delmed said .','Robert S. Ehrlich resigned as chairman , president and chief executive .')

Input: The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: J&L , whose principal offices are in Detroit , is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('J&L is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies .','J&L 's principal are in Detroit .')

Input: We continue to be on target for ... increasing TPA sales 20 % to 25 % this year , said founder and Chief Executive Officer Robert Swanson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Expenses are flat .','That 's a good sign .')

Input: There 's contract revenue from -LCB- limited research and development -RCB- partnerships .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Genentech is n't likely to have any new products ready for market until at least 1992 , Ms. Gilbert added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gilbert was Ms. .','And Genentech is n't likely to have any new products ready for market until at least 1992 , Gilbert added .')

Input: THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY ', S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were $ 72.4 million , or 23.2 % of its revenue .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY ', S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were $ 72.4 million .','THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY ', S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were 23.2 % of its revenue .')

Input: But we 're still at the beginning stages of some of these changes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash , $ 35 million face amount of senior notes , and 49 % of the new company 's stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST('General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash .','General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 35 million face amount of senior notes .','General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive 49 % of the new company 's stock .')

Input: Those creditors , whose claims are estimated at about $ 200 million , include doctors and hospitals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Those creditors include doctors and hospitals .','Those creditors 's claims are estimated at about $ 200 million .')

Input: General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 110 million , initially will receive $ 17.8 million in cash and $ 10 million in senior notes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 110 million , initially will receive $ 17.8 million in cash .','General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 110 million , initially will receive $ 10 million in senior notes .')

Input: Maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 2 % of the new company 's stock and warrants entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5 % of the stock on a fully-diluted basis .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 2 % of the new company 's stock and warrants .','Maxicare 's public shareholders are entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5 % of the stock on a fully-diluted basis .')

Input: General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 14 million in cash , $ 22 million face amount of senior notes and 49 % of the new company 's stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST('General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 14 million in cash .','General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 22 million face amount of senior notes .','General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive 49 % of the new company 's stock .')

Input: Those claims , along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative convenience claims , are expected to total about $ 16 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative convenience claims .','Those claims are expected to total about $ 16 million .')

Input: The plan is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court and others .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The plan is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court .','The plan is subject to approval by others .')

Input: Hurricane Hugo losses and the continuing industrywide downturn in the property and casualty insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , said Rand V. Araskog , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options or other general corporate purposes .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options .','The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for other general corporate purposes .')

Input: Coda owned 60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Coda owned .','60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest .')

Input: U.S. Memories investors include Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , International Business Machines Corp. , Intel Corp. , LSI Logic Corp. , and National Semiconductor Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('U.S. Memories investors include Advanced Micro Devices Inc. .','U.S. Memories investors include Digital Equipment Corp. .','U.S. Memories investors include Hewlett-Packard Co. .','U.S. Memories investors include International Business Machines Corp. .','U.S. Memories investors include Intel Corp. .','U.S. Memories investors include LSI Logic Corp. .','U.S. Memories investors include National Semiconductor Corp .')

Input: The Japanese want us to accept their culture , but they refuse to accept the American culture .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Japanese want us to accept their culture .','They refuse to accept the American culture .')

Input: Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in charge of subsidiaries .','Americans place native or native speakers overseas .')

Input: But the Japanese insist upon Japanese managers everywhere they set up shop .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The workers can be motivated , and the company reach its full potential , only when management embraces the employees ' perspective .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The workers can be motivated .','The company reach its full potential , only when management embraces the employees ' perspective .')

Input: Generale des Eaux said the earnings gain was led by its water , energy and building activities .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Generale des Eaux said .','The earnings gain was led by its water , energy and building activities .')

Input: And the vacillation did n't end there .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then , two weeks ago -- declaring that I 'm not looking for any conflict over this -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the president said .','He would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest .')

Input: But only four days after that , Mr. Bush resurrected the veto threat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .','But only four days after that , Bush resurrected the veto threat .')

Input: The result is mistrust and criticism from all around .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from all .','The result is mistrust and criticism around .')

Input: But ever since the Supreme Court 's Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services decision this year changed the political landscape of the abortion issue , the president seemingly has tried just as hard to avoid saying anything more unless pressed to the wall .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The Supreme Court 's Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services decision this year changed the political landscape of the abortion issue .','But , the president seemingly has tried just as hard to avoid saying anything more unless pressed to the wall .')

Input: The political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it , experts insist .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it .','This is what experts insist .')

Input: Running for president in early 1980 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He was running for president in early 1980 .','He was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother .')

Input: He did later threaten vetoes over legislation restoring the District of Columbia 's right to use its own tax money to fund abortions for poor women and over restoring funding to the United Nations Population Fund .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He did later threaten vetoes over legislation .','He was restoring the District of Columbia 's right to use its own tax money to fund abortions for poor women and over restoring funding to the United Nations Population Fund .')

Input: But in the months since then , while trying to drum up support for other issues -- such as an anti-flag-burning constitutional amendment -- he has shied away from talking about abortion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These functions are currently performed out of Melbourne , Australia , and at Ford 's headquarters in Dearborn , Mich .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Dearborn , Mich .','These functions are currently performed out of Melbourne , Australia , and at Ford 's headquarters .')

Input: But Goodyear said total U.S. tire unit sales were off about 2 % .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Goodyear said .','Total U.S. tire unit sales were off about 2 % .')

Input: The latest nine months included charges of $ 95 million related to the company 's South African subsidiary and unused pipe sold by its crude oil pipeline unit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The latest nine months included charges of $ 95 million related to the company 's South African subsidiary .','The latest nine months included charges of unused pipe sold by its crude oil pipeline unit .')

Input: He and Mr. Roderick were even dining out together .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roderick was Mr. .','He and Roderick were even dining out together .')

Input: Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46 .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('But he was joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago .','But , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46 .')

Input: But the short-term outlook is so-so .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('What he really wanted to know was about a particular company .','You did n't know that .')

Input: He wanted your own unbiased , virgin opinion , says Mr. Johnson , now managing director at Georgeson & Co. , a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Israel has launched a new effort to prove the Palestine Liberation Organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the U.S. to break off talks with the group .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Israel has launched a new effort .','This was to prove the Palestine Liberation Organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the U.S. to break off talks with the group .')

Input: The new accusations come at a delicate time in U.S. efforts to bring about talks between Israel and Palestinian representatives .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The new accusations come at a delicate time in U.S. efforts .','This is to bring about talks between Israel and Palestinian representatives .')

Input: But State Department officials accuse Israel of leaking questionable claims to embarrass the U.S. .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traders attribute the mark 's surge to a robust West German economy and higher rate differentials .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Traders attribute the mark 's surge to a robust West German economy .','Traders attribute higher rate differentials .')

Input: But , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But , they add .','The mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments .')

Input: As some securities mature and the proceeds are reinvested , the problems ought to ease , heyear-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('As some securities mature and the proceeds are reinvested , the problems ought to ease , heyear-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million .','As some securities mature and the proceeds are reinvested , the problems ought to ease , heyear-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of 77 cents a share .')

Input: guar 's shares if both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('Guar 's shares .','Both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely .')

Input: second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars and other Western currencies .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars .',', Second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for other Western currencies .')

Input: ding nation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: firms and floor traders , and exchange governance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: es get tangled in Mr. Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mahfouz is Mr. .','es get tangled in Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling .')

Input: ked contrast to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language .
Prediction: NONE

Input: rofits , the group said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was rofits .','The group said .')

Input:  time counseling other recovering alcoholics .
Prediction: NONE

Input: st spring and become a regular event , have been thwarted by a lack of hard currency .
Prediction: NONE

Input: or of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography .
Prediction: NONE

Input: arket drop to his own advantage , using it to further his agenda for the SEC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the SEC .','Arket drop to his own advantage , using it to further his agenda .')

Input:  company also said it is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Company said .','It is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead .')

Input: stone cure being developed by researchers of the University of California at San Diego .
Prediction: NONE

Input: tment category , following a money-management style called tactical asset allocation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was following a money-management style .','Tment category called tactical asset allocation .')

Input: already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor .
Prediction: NONE

Input: , he adds , but it helps establish recognition with the public -- and with banks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike .
Prediction: NONE

Input: me back at a later time and try to take control .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Me back at a later time .','Me try to take control .')

Input: ogram-trading strategies that will be destabilizing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: e worriers remain unconvinced .
Prediction: NONE

Input: o. , the company 's investment banker .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is o. .','The company 's investment banker .')

Input: iring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring .
Prediction: NONE

Input: g an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the Securities and Exchange Commission .','G an investigation .')

Input: s long pursuit of the White House .
Prediction: NONE

Input: h 's payment -LRB- off the tail end of the mortgage -RRB- for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage -LRB- balloon -RRB- , but forgiven on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant .
Prediction: CO/LIST('H 's payment -LRB- off the tail end of the mortgage -RRB- for every six months paid .','Or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage -LRB- balloon -RRB- , but forgiven on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant .')

Input: An occupant will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in most every case .','An occupant will be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house .')

Input: But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was outside the volatile transportation category .','But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders .')

Input: While a decline in orders for cars and civilian airplanes pulled down the orders total , an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A decline in orders for cars and civilian airplanes pulled down the orders total .','An enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up .')

Input: Last month , Mr. Curcio was succeeded by Ralph E. Reins as chief executive officer following several quarters of lackluster or declining performance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Curcio was Mr. .','Last month , Curcio was succeeded by Ralph E. Reins as chief executive officer following several quarters of lackluster or declining performance .')

Input: The subscribers are in 52 different communities in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi .
Prediction: NONE

Input: RMI Titanium is owned jointly by USX and Quantum Chemical Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('RMI Titanium is owned jointly by USX .','RMI Titanium is owned jointly by Quantum Chemical Corp .')

Input: What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children , on the whole , are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the whole .','What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: Roy E. Parrott , the company 's president and chief operating officer since Sept. 1 , was named to its board .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Roy E. Parrott was the company 's president and chief operating officer since Sept. 1 .','Roy E. Parrott was named to its board .')

Input: But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble .','But less than two years later , dissent rose to unprecedented heights .')

Input: The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Ministry of Health and Welfare is a ministry of doctors and pharmaceutical companies rather than an organization dedicated to protecting the health of the people .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Ministry of Health and Welfare is a ministry of doctors .','The Ministry of Health and Welfare is a ministry of pharmaceutical companies rather than an organization dedicated to protecting the health of the people .')

Input: The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers , and certainly does not act on behalf of students .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers .','The Ministry of Education does not act on behalf of students .')

Input: This ministry has done nothing to correct the misunderstandings and misperceptions that are at the root of Japan 's deteriorating image .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This ministry has done nothing .','This was to correct the misunderstandings and misperceptions that are at the root of Japan 's deteriorating image .')

Input: They serve the industries and the special-interest groups .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They serve the industries .','They serve the special-interest groups .')

Input: This makes enormous sense in Japan , where direct tax accounts for more than 70 % of revenues and the capture rate of direct tax is so unfair .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This makes enormous sense in Japan .','Direct tax accounts for more than 70 % of revenues and the capture rate of direct tax is so unfair .')

Input: All of a sudden , prices were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A sudden was prices .','All of a sudden were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200 .')

Input: They were 103 or 206 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And so on .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is here .','Wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box .')

Input: Today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers 's stingy approval .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still , miners from all parts of Namibia as well as professional staff from De Beers 's head offices in South Africa and London keep coming .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .','Miners from all parts of Namibia as well as professional staff from De Beers 's head offices in South Africa and London keep coming .')

Input: Laboring in blue and gray overalls , they are supposed to concentrate on cleaning out crevices , and not strain their eyes looking for diamonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They was laboring in blue and gray overalls .','They are supposed to concentrate on cleaning out crevices , and not strain their eyes looking for diamonds .')

Input: But should they spy one , the company will pay a bonus equal to one-third its value .
Prediction: NONE

Input: None made it past the body searches and X-rays of mine security .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was past the body searches and X-rays of mine security .','None made it .')

Input: Just after Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina .',', Some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes .')

Input: Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Needs are n't clear .','The state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult .')

Input: But some legislators think the time may be ripe to revise the constitution .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some legislators think .','The time may be ripe to revise the constitution .')

Input: As a result of an erroneous IRS levy on a bank account , a taxpayer may incur administrative and overdraft charges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as a result of an erroneous IRS levy on a bank account .','A taxpayer may incur administrative and overdraft charges .')

Input: Reimbursement claims must be filed with the IRS district or service-center director within a year after the expense accrues .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Reimbursement claims must be filed with the IRS district or service-center director within a year .','The expense accrues .')

Input: They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres .','They plan to expand the home site .')

Input: Their debt will be well under the $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- that qualifies for mortgage-interest deductions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Their debt will be well under the $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- .','The $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- qualifies for mortgage-interest deductions .')

Input: But , IRS private ruling 8940061 notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns that must file pension and benefit-plan returns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns .','Added relief for hurricane-hit concerns must file pension and benefit-plan returns .')

Input: Criticism from such big advertisers as Estee Lauder Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Seagram Co. put a damper on the euphoria at the American Magazine Conference here .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the euphoria at the American Magazine Conference .',', Criticism from such big advertisers as Estee Lauder Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Seagram Co. put a damper here .')

Input: The conference opened Monday with glowing reports about consumer magazines ' growth in circulation and advertising revenue in the past year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about consumer magazines ' growth in circulation and advertising revenue .','The conference opened Monday with glowing reports in the past year .')

Input: Magazines are not providing us in-depth information on circulation , said Edgar Bronfman Jr. , president and chief operating officer of Seagram , in a panel discussion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But advertisers would n't think of it , she said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But advertisers would n't think of it .','This was what she said .')

Input: A Salomon spokesman said its stock , bond and foreign exchange trading , as well as its investment banking operations , were mostly responsible for the earnings jump .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Salomon spokesman said .','Its stock , bond and foreign exchange trading , as well as its investment banking operations , were mostly responsible for the earnings jump .')

Input: But some analysts say Salomon has turned the corner .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts say .',', Salomon has turned the corner .')

Input: But in the second quarter , Salomon posted a record $ 253 million net on revenue of $ 2.33 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 2.33 billion .','But in the second quarter , Salomon posted a record $ 253 million net .')

Input: The ULI is a non-profit research and education group based in Washington , D.C. , with 14,000 members nationwide .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Developers and money managers are looking for bargains among the thousands of financially troubled properties around the country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is around the country .','Developers and money managers are looking for bargains among the thousands of financially troubled properties .')

Input: Real estate professionals now often bill themselves as turnaround experts and workout specialists .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as turnaround experts and workout specialists .','Real estate professionals now often bill themselves .')

Input: And other developers may shift from commercial to residential development in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is to residential development in the U.S. .','And other developers may shift from commercial .')

Input: Developers are teaming up with institutions often acting as project managers , says Smedes York , ULI president and president of York Properties Inc. , of Raleigh , N.C .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The level of interest in the RTC 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says Stan Ross , Leventhal 's co-managing partner .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And to succeed in the turnaround business , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to succeed in the turnaround business .','And , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time .')

Input: This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The six-story hotel will be on Gorky Street and initially will cater mostly to business travelers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The six-story hotel will be on Gorky Street .','The six-story hotel initially will cater mostly to business travelers .')

Input: Chevron Corp. , Amoco Corp. , Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , and Eastman Kodak Co. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Chevron Corp. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures .','Amoco Corp. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures .','Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures .','Eastman Kodak Co. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures .')

Input: Mr. Shaffer takes primary responsibility for the electronic and technical-services group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shaffer is Mr. .',', Shaffer takes primary responsibility for the electronic and technical-services group .')

Input: Soichiro Honda 's picture now hangs with Henry Ford 's in the U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame , and the game-show Jeopardy is soon to be Sony-owned .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Soichiro Honda 's picture now hangs with Henry Ford 's in the U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame .','The game-show Jeopardy is soon to be Sony-owned .')

Input: But no matter how much Japan gets under our skin , we 'll still have mom and apple pie .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It has more sugar than any apple we 've ever tested , says Duane Greene , a University of Massachusetts pomologist , or apple scholar .
Prediction: NONE

Input: New apple trees grow slowly , and the Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom .
Prediction: CO/LIST('New apple trees grow slowly .','The Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom .')

Input: But the apple industry is ripe for change .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But I 'm going to lose $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 on it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He bites it , scowls and throws it down .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He bites it .','He scowls .','He throws it down .')

Input: But freshness counts more than it once did , and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , but tastier , and often pricier , apples .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But freshness counts more than it once did .','But stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , but tastier , and often pricier , apples .')

Input: Rather than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious , maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis , says Chuck Tryon , perishables director for Super Valu Inc. , a Minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis to hone its color , taste and shelf life .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis .','This was to hone its color , taste and shelf life .')

Input: But in California , says Craig Ito , a Fuji-apple grower , There 's a Fuji apple cult .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Craig Ito is a Fuji-apple grower .','But in California , says Craig Ito , There 's a Fuji apple cult .')

Input: But his first crop wo n't be picked till next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The chain stores took over .','There was no longer a connection between grower and consumer .')

Input: Now , those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely , but usually not good eating .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','Those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely , but usually not good eating .')

Input: He sees a shift in American values -- at least regarding apples -- toward more emphasis on substance and less on glitz .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He sees a shift in American values -- at least regarding apples -- toward more emphasis on substance .','He sees a shift in American values -- at least regarding apples -- toward less on glitz .')

Input: The firms are Morgan Stanley & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , County Natwest Government Securities Inc. , Greenwich Capital Markets Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The firms are Morgan Stanley & Co. .','The firms are Salomon Brothers Inc. .','The firms are County Natwest Government Securities Inc. .','The firms are Greenwich Capital Markets Inc. .','The firms are Goldman , Sachs & Co .')

Input: The pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for many state agencies and local governments .','The pool invested idle cash .')

Input: These figures omit secondary guarantees , deposit insurance , and the activities of Government-Sponsored Enterprises -LRB- a huge concern in its own right , as detailed on this page May 3 -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These figures omit secondary guarantees .','These figures omit deposit insurance .','These figures omit the activities of Government-Sponsored Enterprises -LRB- a huge concern in its own right , as detailed on this page May 3 -RRB- .')

Input: Federal credit programs date back to the New Deal , and were meant to break even financially .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Federal credit programs date back to the New Deal .','Federal credit programs were meant to break even financially .')

Input: But recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what recent events indicate .','Federal credit is out of control .')

Input: Student loan defaults remain high at about 12 % , and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Student loan defaults remain high at about 12 % .','The program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement .')

Input: Last month , the General Accounting Office reported that defaults in Federal Housing Administration guarantees were five times as high as previously estimated , and that FHA 's equity fell to minus $ 2.9 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the General Accounting Office reported .','Defaults in Federal Housing Administration guarantees were five times as high as previously estimated , and that FHA 's equity fell to minus $ 2.9 billion .')

Input: GAO 's findings are particularly troubling because the FHA has about $ 300 billion in obligations outstanding and had previously been considered one of the most financially secure credit programs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- Secondary guarantees of pools of FHA - and VA-backed loans by the agency known as Ginnie Mae currently exceed $ 330 billion . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('-LRB- Secondary guarantees of pools of FHA - and VA-backed loans by the agency currently exceed $ 330 billion . -RRB- .','The agency is known as Ginnie Mae .')

Input: Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('External events have contributed to the morass .','The principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs .')

Input: There is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program .
Prediction: NONE

Input: However , this in no way justifies the huge government subsidies and losses on such loans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','This in no way justifies the huge government subsidies and losses on such loans .')

Input: For example , student loans currently attempt to subsidize college attendance and mitigate problems created by the fact that students ' future earnings are not accepted as collateral .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for example .',', Student loans currently attempt to subsidize college attendance and mitigate problems created by the fact that students ' future earnings are not accepted as collateral .')

Input: High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs .','The student is in school make program costs extremely high .')

Input: But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is toward reducing defaults .','But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way .')

Input: Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection -LRB- taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies -RRB- and to deny new credit to defaulters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to defaulters .',', Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection -LRB- taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies -RRB- and to deny new credit .')

Input: A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what a budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know .','What Congress is committing them to .')

Input: 4 . Impose standard accounting and administrative practices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for loan sales and budgeting decisions .','Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information , and reduce fraud .')

Input: Mr. Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Todt was Mr. .','Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp .')

Input: Harris Ravine , executive vice president of customer satisfaction , was named executive vice president , finance and administration of this maker of data storage equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Harris Ravine was executive vice president of customer satisfaction .','Harris Ravine was named executive vice president , finance and administration of this maker of data storage equipment .')

Input: The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on farm products .','The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies .')

Input: For instance , the new U.S. package makes clear there would be a transition period during which GATT members could use a combination of tariffs and quotas to cushion their farmers from foreign competition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for instance .','The new U.S. package makes clear there would be a transition period during which GATT members could use a combination of tariffs and quotas to cushion their farmers from foreign competition .')

Input: Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints , and others with a relatively minor trade impact would be allowed to continue under certain conditions .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints .','Others with a relatively minor trade impact would be allowed to continue under certain conditions .')

Input: The new U.S. plan also would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily .','The new U.S. plan also would establish procedures to prevent countries .')

Input: Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings , and more substantial increases in overseas results .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings .','Wall Street had expected more substantial increases in overseas results .')

Input: One big factor affecting the fiscal second half will be the new stewardship of Edwin L. Artzt , who becomes chairman and chief executive officer in January .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('One big factor affecting the fiscal second half will be the new stewardship of Edwin L. Artzt .','Edwin L. Artzt becomes chairman and chief executive officer in January .')

Input: The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment and enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by literacy tests and other exclusionary devices .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment and enable Southern blacks to go to the polls .', CO/LIST('The Voting Rights Act of 1965 unhindered by literacy tests .','The Voting Rights Act of 1965 unhindered by other exclusionary devices .'))

Input: As is , blacks constitute 12 % of the population , but fewer than 2 % of elected leaders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But racial gerrymandering is not the best way .','This is to accomplish that essential goal .')

Input: Examples of the divisive effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- New York and Birmingham , Ala .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Examples of the divisive effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- New York .','Examples of the divisive effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- Birmingham , Ala .')

Input: Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population .','Blacks and Hispanics currently hold only 25 % of the seats on the council .')

Input: Madison explained that a representative 's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Madison explained .','A representative 's duty was to speak not for the narrow interests of one group but instead for the common good .')

Input: Large , heterogeneous election districts would encourage good government , said Madison , because a representative would be compelled to serve the interests of all his constituents and be servile to none .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As long as we believe that all Americans , of every race and ethnic background , have common interests and can live together cooperatively , our political map should reflect our belief .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as long as we believe that all Americans , of every race and ethnic background , have common interests and can live together cooperatively .','Our political map should reflect our belief .')

Input: 1 . As part of the approval process for RICO prosecutions , the prosecutor must submit any proposed forfeiture TRO for review by the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section .','1())

Input: The seasonal adjusted annual selling rate was six million vehicles , a small improvement from the 5.8 million rate of early October , but a big drop from the 7.1 million rate a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Six million vehicles were a small improvement from the 5.8 million rate of early October .','The seasonal adjusted annual selling rate was six million vehicles , but a big drop from the 7.1 million rate a year ago .')

Input: The Big Three auto makers already have slashed fourth-quarter production plans 10.4 % below year-ago levels , but that may not be enough to prevent inventories from ballooning if sales do n't improve .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But sales of domestic cars and trucks at Nissan Motor Corp. rose 26.1 % to 5,651 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 5,651 .','But sales of domestic cars and trucks at Nissan Motor Corp. rose 26.1 % .')

Input: A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year and not a year ago and to higher fleet sales .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most recent OTC short interest statistics were compiled Oct. 13 , the day the Nasdaq composite index slid 3 % and the New York Stock Exchange tumbled 7 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Short interest , which represents the number of shares borrowed and sold , but not yet replaced , can be a bad-expectations barometer for many stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Short interest can be a bad-expectations barometer for many stocks .',', Short interest represents the number of shares borrowed and sold , but not yet replaced .')

Input: Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included First Executive , Intel , Campeau and LIN Broadcasting .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included First Executive .','Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included Intel .','Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included Campeau .','Big stocks with large short interest gains as of Oct. 13 included LIN Broadcasting .')

Input: First Executive and troubled Valley National Corp. of Arizona were next in line .
Prediction: CO/LIST('First Executive were next in line .','Troubled Valley National Corp. of Arizona were next in line .')

Input: Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar , the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors , more than doubled .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors .',', Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar more than doubled .')

Input: Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was like Lebanon .','And however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration .')

Input: But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Aoun is the failure of General .','But that is not much of a consolation to draw from Aoun .')

Input: The Nasdaq over-the-counter market did n't fully recover from a selling stampede , and closed down 1.2 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Nasdaq over-the-counter market did n't fully recover from a selling stampede .','The Nasdaq over-the-counter market closed down 1.2 % .')

Input: The market started with several strikes against it , said Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel , and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices during program-dominated trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is during program-dominated trading .','The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices .')

Input: The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California .','Have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area .')

Input: Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate , and indeed have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate .','Biological weapons violations have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government .')

Input: But the stated U.S. position is detailed and specific , and the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the stated U.S. position is detailed and specific .','But the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling .')

Input: But it initially was funded with about $ 765 million and may soon face a cash crunch .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But it initially was funded with about $ 765 million .','But it initially may soon face a cash crunch .')

Input: Many a piglet wo n't be born as a result , and many a ham will never hang in a butcher shop .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many a piglet wo n't be born as a result .','Many a ham will never hang in a butcher shop .')

Input: But with inflation raging , grain in the barn will still be a safer bet for the private farmer than money in the bank .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Until his labor can produce a profit in this dying and distorted system , even Solidarity 's sympathetic new government wo n't win him over .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('His labor can produce a profit in this dying and distorted system .','Even Solidarity 's sympathetic new government wo n't win him over .')

Input: The farmers ran a boycott , and meat disappeared from the shops .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The farmers ran a boycott .','Meat disappeared from the shops .')

Input: But by the time Solidarity took office in September , the damage was done .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Solidarity was the time .','But by Solidarity took office in September , the damage was done .')

Input: He wo n't for long , because his old state sources of rye and potatoes are drying up .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('He wo n't for long .','His old state sources of rye and potatoes are drying up .')

Input: State monopolies will keep on stifling trade , free prices or not , until something else replaces them .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(', State monopolies will keep on stifling trade until something else replaces them .',', State monopolies will keep on stifling free prices until something else replaces them .',', State monopolies will keep on stifling not , until something else replaces them .')

Input: Polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement , processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry to supply it with tractors , pesticides , fertilizers and feed .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement , processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry .','This is to supply it with tractors , pesticides , fertilizers and feed .')

Input: There are a lot of them , and they have property .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are a lot of them .','They have property .')

Input: As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive where collectives fail .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive .',', Collectives fail .')

Input: On it , a quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and nine-tenths of its fruit , vegetables and potatoes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on it .','A quarter of the country 's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain , beef , eggs and milk , and nine-tenths of its fruit , vegetables and potatoes .')

Input: Try as they might , the Communists could neither replace nor break him .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They started , and then abandoned it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They started .','They then abandoned it .')

Input: But it never did let up on the pressure .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Supplies are short .','It often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain .')

Input: A private farmer in Poland is free to buy and sell land , hire help , decide what to grow and how to grow it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He has plenty of freedom -- but no choices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools .','Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of few doctors .')

Input: Some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka , but two million acres have gone fallow .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka .','Two million acres have gone fallow .')

Input: I hire transportation , and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I hire transportation .','My customers have fresh cold cuts every day .')

Input: But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the meat-processing machines are 50 years old .','He picked up the meat-processing machines .')

Input: Both the Peasants and Rural Solidarity are forming new political parties for farmers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many people in Poland hope this government will break down , says Mr. Niciporuk , who belongs to the local council and to Rural Solidarity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And you want to make wicker baskets , too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .','And you want to make wicker baskets .')

Input: The House approved a short-term spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The House approved a short-term spending bill .','This was to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake .')

Input: But the appropriations set in motion spending that adds to an already grim budget picture for fiscal 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the appropriations set in motion spending .','Motion spending adds to an already grim budget picture for fiscal 1991 .')

Input: And the state 's delegation is fearful that the new funding will be counted against a separate $ 185 million in federal highway funds it would expect to receive under its normal allocation this year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the state 's delegation is fearful .','The new funding will be counted against a separate $ 185 million in federal highway funds it would expect to receive under its normal allocation this year .')

Input: But the San Francisco delegation finds itself asking that the cap per household be lifted to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 to assist the hard hit but often wealthy Marina district .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Senate is expected to make some modifications today , but both the White House and Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Senate is expected to make some modifications today .','Both the White House and Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline .')

Input: Yesterday 's floor action came as a House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 8.5 billion fiscal 1990 military construction bill , representing a 5 % reduction from last year and making severe cuts from Pentagon requests for installations abroad .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Yesterday 's floor action came .','A House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 8.5 billion fiscal 1990 military construction bill , representing a 5 % reduction from last year and making severe cuts from Pentagon requests for installations abroad .')

Input: They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They strongly suggest .','Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness .')

Input: The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The('The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of their investors , clients , bankers and others .'))

Input: It told prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are less intrusive alternatives , such as bonds , and in any case not to seek forfeitures disproportionate to the defendant 's crime .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as bonds .','It told prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are less intrusive alternatives , and in any case not to seek forfeitures disproportionate to the defendant 's crime .')

Input: The experience of Princeton\/Newport and initiation of other RICO-forfeiture cases against legitimate businesses taught Drexel that a RICOed investment bank would be an ex-investment bank .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This('A()))

Input: But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But prosecutorial guidelines are effective .',', Someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors .')

Input: What now for Princeton\/Newport officials , Drexel and Mr. Milken ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Creator Hugh Wilson , for example , included the lead character 's Greek family in the cast , but that is not the right focus anymore , said one CBS executive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But we hope to keep a balance between the office .','But we hope to keep a balance between the family .')

Input: But the shaky economic outlook and the volatile stock market forced the dollar lower against major currencies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the shaky economic outlook forced the dollar lower against major currencies .','But the volatile stock market forced the dollar lower against major currencies .')

Input: A slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A slowing economy tend to bolster bond prices .','The implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices .')

Input: But orders for non-defense capital goods , a precursor of future plant and equipment spending , were off 5.6 % after falling 10.3 % in August .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Orders for non-defense capital goods were a precursor of future plant and equipment spending .','But orders for non-defense capital goods were off 5.6 % after falling 10.3 % in August .')

Input: But as stock prices recovered some of the early losses , so did the U.S. currency .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines .','Engines were produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France .')

Input: Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('You may know .','But , things are not going well for Violetta .')

Input: Large and lavish , Traviata is another addition to the Met 's growing stock of cast-proof productions mostly by Mr. Zeffirelli .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Zeffirelli is Mr. .','Large and lavish , Traviata is another addition to the Met 's growing stock of cast-proof productions mostly by Zeffirelli .')

Input: They have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They have a life of their own .','They can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either .')

Input: Well , they can now go and audition there .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A Toto spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , pulse and urine , it also stores the data for up to 130 days .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Blood pressure is pulse and urine .','A Toto spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , it also stores the data for up to 130 days .')

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Western Gas System Inc. , initial offering of 3,250,000 common shares , of which 3,040,000 shares will be sold by the company and 210,000 by a holder , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Six top executives at the New York-based company sold shares in August and September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in August and September .',', Six top executives at the New York-based company sold shares .')

Input: He received $ 724,579 for the shares , according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','He received $ 724,579 for the shares .')

Input: Medieval philosophers used to hold the sensible belief that it was more perfect to exist than not to exist , and that to exist as a matter of necessity was most perfect of all .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But since the time of Darwin , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our species .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the existence of our species .','But since the time of Darwin , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity .')

Input: I , by contrast , can not help feeling that if some other curiosity from the Burgess Shale had survived instead , beings at once wiser and less boorish than Homo sapiens might have eventually gained earthly dominion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by contrast .','I can not help feeling that if some other curiosity from the Burgess Shale had survived instead , beings at once wiser and less boorish than Homo sapiens might have eventually gained earthly dominion .')

Input: Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants , as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures , has come under attack from some defense lawyers and legal scholars .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from some defense lawyers and legal scholars .','Use of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law against white-collar defendants , as opposed to alleged organized-crime figures , has come under attack .')

Input: Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Critics have complained .','The law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains .')

Input: The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle precisely the kind of emergency the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But observers expect broad support .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But others think property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state 's earthquake relief tab .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what others think .','Property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state 's earthquake relief tab .')

Input: But some fear imposing a temporary gasoline tax increase in the meantime could undercut support among voters for the measure .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue was rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P .','The issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers .')

Input: The issue is rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The noncallable issue is rated double-A-3 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 and $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are $ 15,015,000 of 71\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 .','There are $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 .')

Input: The insured bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bonds are insured .','The bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: Nippon Signal Co . -LRB- Japan -RRB- -- 80 million marks of bonds with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/2 % coupon , due Nov. 9 , 1994 , and priced at par , via Commerzbank .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 .','This was to buy shares at an expected premium of 21\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 .')

Input: Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms and regulations -- and often is the only one available to tackle it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms and regulations .','Yet every business owner often is the only one available to tackle it .')

Input: A great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , says Marian Jacob , a legislative aide to Sen. Wallop .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's very costly and time-consuming , says Phil Rosen , a partner in Fleet & Leasing Management Inc. , a Boston car-leasing company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing .','The record-keeping and filing were required by tax authorities .')

Input: But gripes run the gamut .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's especially nettlesome if you 're on the road and you 're the one responsible , says Eddie Brown , president of Brown Capital Management Inc. , a Baltimore money-management firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the ever-changing laws are usually so complicated and confusing that you need professionals to help you ; you ca n't do it yourself , he adds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yearly changes in federal benefit laws force small businesses to repeatedly re-evaluate and redesign existing plans .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Wisely Ms. Bogart has kept Gorky 's time and place intact .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bogart was Ms. .','Wisely Bogart has kept Gorky 's time and place intact .')

Input: The director 's attempt to force some Brechtian distance between her actors and their characters frequently backfires with performances that are unduly mannered .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The director 's attempt to force some Brechtian distance between her actors and their characters frequently backfires with performances .','Performances are unduly mannered .')

Input: Not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The clash of ideologies survives this treatment , but the nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The clash of ideologies survives this treatment .','The nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle .')

Input: As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes -LRB- particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble -RRB- it looks and sounds forced .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes .','-LRB- particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble -RRB- it looks and sounds forced .')

Input: Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Jeff Helpern was the aid of her longtime associate .','Here she has Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio .')

Input: Ms. Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bogart is Ms. .','Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem .')

Input: Better to look in the corners for performances that inspire or amuse .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ESB said it was given only a three-hour advance warning on a take it or leave it basis from Inco , as the Toronto company is called .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what ESB said .','It was given only a three-hour advance warning on a take it or leave it basis from Inco , as the Toronto company is called .')

Input: Gray was advised by Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Gray was advised by Goldman Sachs .','Gray was advised by Merrill Lynch .')

Input: ESB directors warmly accepted , but a whirlwind bidding match ensued .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('ESB directors warmly accepted .','A whirlwind bidding match ensued .')

Input: United met the $ 38 but then withdrew .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('United met the $ 38 .','United withdrew .')

Input: Changes in CD yields in the week ended Tuesday were in line with blips up and down within a fairly narrow range for the last two months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Changes in CD yields in the week ended .','Tuesday were in line with blips up and down within a fairly narrow range for the last two months .')

Input: The average yield on both two-year CDs and five-year CDs was 7.98 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged , on average .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on average .',', Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged .')

Input: It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market .','It 's very easily influenced by changes in the junk bond market .')

Input: Lion Nathan Ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market Pepsi-Cola soft-drink products in Australia , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Lion Nathan Ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market Pepsi-Cola soft-drink products in Australia .','This was what the company said .')

Input: The New Zealand brewing and retail concern did n't disclose terms .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The New Zealand brewing did n't disclose terms .','Retail concern did n't disclose terms .')

Input: The agreement is effective Jan. 1 and is subject to approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The agreement is effective Jan. 1 .','The agreement is subject to approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board .')

Input: The company did n't disclose a purchase price or capitalization figures .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But we like to call it controlled chaos , said 47-year-old Robert J. Jacobson Jr. , grandson of the firm 's founder .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The UAL news had already caused a selling furor in the so-called third market , in which firms buy and sell stock away from the exchange floor .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('The UAL news had already caused a selling furor in the so-called third market .','Firms buy and sell stock away from the exchange floor in the so-called third market .')

Input: And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 first indication , or the price range in which the stock would probably open .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 first indication .','And at 9:15 , they posted the price range in which the stock would probably open .')

Input: About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a seething mass , as one trader described it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day .','Probably hundreds more came and went -- a seething mass , as one trader described it .')

Input: But despite mounting recession fears , government data do n't yet show the economy grinding to a halt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he said the downturn probably wo n't become a major contraction similar to those of 1974 and 1982 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The downturn probably wo n't become a major contraction similar to those of 1974 and 1982 .')

Input: But while September exports rose to # 8.43 billion , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', September exports rose to # 8.43 billion .','But , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion .')

Input: But the real future of this game is in a number of people owning a few horses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the real future of this game is in a number of people .','People are owning a few horses .')

Input: But experts caution that this is n't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But experts caution .','This is n't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet .')

Input: And many have done just that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One handout promises : Pedigrees , parties , post times , parimutuels and pageantry .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And for every champion , there are plenty of nags .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The industry is based on individual honesty , says Cap Hershey , a Lexington horse farmer and one of the investors who bought Spendthrift .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For those looking for something between a minority stake and total ownership , the owners ' group is considering a special sale where established horse breeders would sell a 50 % stake in horses to newcomers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the owners ' group is considering a special sale for those looking for something between a minority stake and total ownership .','Where established horse breeders would sell a 50 % stake in horses to newcomers .')

Input: The Waterbury , Conn. , maker of industrial fasteners and metal stampings has 2.3 million shares outstanding .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Stamford , Conn. , power-generation products and services company said per-share earnings were 56 cents compared with the year-ago loss of $ 2.39 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Stamford , Conn. , power-generation products and services company said .','Per-share earnings were 56 cents compared with the year-ago loss of $ 2.39 .')

Input: Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low profit-margin contracts from previous years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings .','The company cited factors including work on certain low profit-margin contracts from previous years .')

Input: Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 13 in Idaho ; Nov. 20 in Illinois ; Nov. 24 and Dec. 4 in Arizona ; Dec. 11 in Washington state ; and Jan. 8 in Oregon .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 13 in Idaho .','Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 20 in Illinois .','Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 24 and Dec. 4 in Arizona .','Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Dec. 11 in Washington state .','Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Jan. 8 in Oregon .')

Input: The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , Honeywell said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies .','This was what Honeywell said .')

Input: The company attacked the government 's allegations as reckless and baseless mudslinging , and said its management promptly and accurately reported to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company 's conduct does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up , GE 's brief asserts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The company 's conduct does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up .','This is what GE 's brief asserts .')

Input: Completion of the acquisition is subject to execution of a definitive agreement , approval by all three companies ' boards and the approval of Applied Solar 's shareholders .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Completion of the acquisition is subject to execution of a definitive agreement .',', Completion of the acquisition is subject to approval by all three companies ' boards .',', Completion of the acquisition is subject to the approval of Applied Solar 's shareholders .')

Input: An Applied Solar spokesman said completion is expected at the end of the year or early next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an Applied Solar spokesman said .',', Completion is expected at the end of the year or early next year .')

Input: Trading in Cineplex Odeon Corp. shares was halted on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request , Toronto Stock Exchange officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Trading in Cineplex Odeon Corp. shares was halted on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request .','This was what Toronto Stock Exchange officials said .')

Input: London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street 's steep drop and renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals .
Prediction: CO/LIST('London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street 's steep drop .','London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals .')

Input: Tokyo 's winning streak came to an end , and stocks fell in Frankfurt and across Europe as well .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tokyo 's winning streak came to an end .',', Stocks fell in Frankfurt and across Europe as well .')

Input: Volume was a modest 405.4 million shares traded , but better than the year 's lowest turnover of 276.8 million Monday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Such sentiment is being supported by word that a large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early November .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Such sentiment is being supported by word .','A large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early November .')

Input: Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Zurich , Amsterdam , Milan and Stockholm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .',', Share prices closed lower in Zurich , Amsterdam , Milan and Stockholm .')

Input: They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('They asked regulators .','This was to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws .')

Input: Sen. Dixon held the hearing to follow up on a provision in the savings and loan bailout bill that required regulators to report on evidence of discimination in mortgage lending .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dixon was Sen. .','Dixon held the hearing to follow up on a provision in the savings and loan bailout bill that required regulators to report on evidence of discimination in mortgage lending .')

Input: The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers .','That information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least .')

Input: The agency investigated the complaints but no violations were cited .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The agency investigated the complaints .','No violations were cited .')

Input: The Department of Housing and Urban Development has used testers to investigate discrimination in rental housing .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The Department of Housing and Urban Development has used testers .','This was to investigate discrimination in rental housing .')

Input: Tele-Communications is HBO 's largest customer , and the two have a number of other business relationships .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tele-Communications is HBO 's largest customer .','The two have a number of other business relationships .')

Input: But he said that any effort by Time to characterize the Tele-Communications investment in Showtime as anti-competitive would be the pot calling the kettle black .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','Any effort by Time to characterize the Tele-Communications investment in Showtime as anti-competitive would be the pot calling the kettle black .')

Input: Tele-Communications controls close to 12 million cable subscribers , and Viacom has about one million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tele-Communications controls close to 12 million cable subscribers .','Viacom has about one million .')

Input: Ironically , Tele-Communications and Time have often worked closely in the cable business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was ironically .','Tele-Communications and Time have often worked closely in the cable business .')

Input: But since Time 's merger with Warner Communications Inc. , relations between the two have become strained .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each company worries that the other is becoming too powerful and too vertically integrated .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Each company worries .','The other is becoming too powerful and too vertically integrated .')

Input: And they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they say .','The outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad .')

Input: Airlines in 1989 came in like a bang and are going out like a whimper , said Kevin Murphy , an airline analyst at Morgan Stanley & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But so far , the effort has failed , and traffic is still slow .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But so far , the effort has failed .','But so far , traffic is still slow .')

Input: But now , Charlie Brown is about to start pitching everything from Chex Party Mix to light bulbs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from Chex Party Mix to light bulbs .','But now , Charlie Brown is about to start pitching everything .')

Input: Peanuts has become a major part of American culture , says Peter Shore , United Media 's vice president of marketing and licensing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz and the strip all year long .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz long .','Our plan is to honor the strip all year long .')

Input: If you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You want to cut through the clutter .','You have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible .')

Input: The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1 .','This is to cut costs .')

Input: International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. , an Australian computer-software and information-services concern , for 20 million Australian dollars -LRB- US$ 17 million -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Paxus Corp. was an Australian computer-software and information-services concern .','International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. for 20 million Australian dollars -LRB- US$ 17 million -RRB- .')

Input: The company earns about half its revenue overseas and plans further expansion .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company earns about half its revenue overseas .','The company plans further expansion .')

Input: The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus .','The agreement requires approval .')

Input: Alan Bond , chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian media , brewing , resources and property concern , disclosed the debt figures yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alan Bond was chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian media , brewing , resources and property concern .','Alan Bond disclosed the debt figures yesterday .')

Input: Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations .','Tenders for the bills must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .')

Input: Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 500 cubic centimeters or less -- an increase of 31,777 units .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 500 cubic centimeters -- an increase of 31,777 units .','Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of less -- an increase of 31,777 units .')

Input: Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares , or 22 % of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares .','Volume was 22 % of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding .')

Input: But those would require pilots ' cooperation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The pilots are working under an expired contract , and the machinists contract expires next month .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The pilots are working under an expired contract .','The machinists contract expires next month .')

Input: The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share .','The pilots had been working on $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion .')

Input: Another trader noted that many arbitrage firms are afraid to sell their UAL stock at the bottom , but already own so much they ca n't buy any more .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what another trader noted .','Many arbitrage firms are afraid to sell their UAL stock at the bottom , but already own so much they ca n't buy any more .')

Input: They check in , but they ca n't check out .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They check in .','They ca n't check out .')

Input: But both the traders and the pilots remain interested in some transaction .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But both the traders remain interested in some transaction .','But the pilots remain interested in some transaction .')

Input: Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the outlook for the newspaper group remains guarded , with no improvement yet seen in operating trends in our Eastern markets , said Robert F. Erburu , Times Mirror 's chairman and chief executive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar .',', Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by a rally in bonds .')

Input: But , he added , we have had that exact same perception six times in the last six years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was six times in the last six years .','But , he added , we have had that exact same perception .')

Input: Several analysts and brokers said the petroleum market was ready to rally after two days of price declines from profit-taking .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what several analysts and brokers said .','The petroleum market was ready to rally after two days of price declines from profit-taking .')

Input: The industrial average recovered to close only 3.69 points lower , but petroleum futures never shook off the chill .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The industrial average recovered to close only 3.69 points lower .','Petroleum futures never shook off the chill .')

Input: GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Prices closed lower after trading in relatively narrow ranges because of strong selling in the cash market and continued favorable harvest weather .
Prediction: NONE

Input: COCOA : Futures at first continued the rally begun on Monday , but then faltered and closed lower .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The deal requires regulatory and shareholder approval .
Prediction: NONE

Input: SCI TV 's buy-out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kravis was an ace in the hole for Mr. .',', SCI TV 's buy-out was Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships .')

Input: KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out , then later sold Storer 's cable operations at a fat profit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But some militant SCI TV junk-holders say that 's not enough .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some militant SCI TV junk-holders say .',''s not enough .')

Input: But others say junk-holders have nothing to gain by putting SCI TV into bankruptcy-law proceedings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what others say .','Junk-holders have nothing to gain by putting SCI TV into bankruptcy-law proceedings .')

Input: But with Seaman , KKR was only trying to salvage its original investment , says bankruptcy investor James Rubin of Sass Lamle Rubin in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As stocks and stock-index futures fell , a trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stocks and stock-index futures fell .','A trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit .')

Input: But at a critical moment , stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control .
Prediction: NONE

Input: All 20-stocks in the MMI except Exxon , General Motors and Sears were down $ 1 to $ 2 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At this point , the Dow industrials were down 75.41 points and falling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at this point .','The Dow industrials were down 75.41 points and falling .')

Input: These firms sold stock into the big morning decline , but seeing the velocity of the market 's drop , held back on their offsetting purchases of futures until the S&P futures hit the trading limit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But if you overlook all this , it is a beautiful market for investment still .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('You overlook all this .','But , it is a beautiful market for investment still .')

Input: Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 1\/2 to 70 1\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7\/8 , Asarco lost 1 3\/8 to 31 3\/4 , Reynolds Metals slid 1 3\/8 to 50 3\/8 , Amax dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 5\/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Aluminum Co. of America dropped 11\/2 to 701\/4 .','Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 597\/8 .','Asarco lost 13\/8 to 313\/4 .','Reynolds Metals slid 13\/8 to 503\/8 .','Amax dropped 11\/8 to 215\/8 .',', Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 263\/4 .')

Input: Its third-quarter earnings were higher than a year ago , but fell short of expectations .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Its third-quarter earnings were higher than a year ago .','Its third-quarter earnings fell short of expectations .')

Input: Both stocks have dividend yields of about 5 % and will go ex-dividend Wednesday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Both stocks have dividend yields of about 5 % .','Both stocks will go ex-dividend Wednesday .')

Input: Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier .','Its third-quarter earnings exceeded analysts ' expectations .')

Input: The company said there was an additional increase in loss and loss-expense reserves of $ 71 million reflecting higher than expected development in claims legal expenses from to prior periods .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','There was an additional increase in loss and loss-expense reserves of $ 71 million reflecting higher than expected development in claims legal expenses from to prior periods .')

Input: Some retail accounts , such as commercial banks and pension funds , wanted to get on the bandwagon before it was too late , said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the gains in Treasury bonds were pared as stocks staged a partial recovery .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the gains in Treasury bonds were pared .',', Stocks staged a partial recovery .')

Input: Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. and will postpone or even cancel the issue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Individual and Japanese participation in the auction was disappointing , according to dealers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to dealers .','Individual and Japanese participation in the auction was disappointing .')

Input: They are typically not active in two-year note auctions , but today 's participation could be viewed as lighter-than-normal .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They are typically not active in two-year note auctions .','Today 's participation could be viewed as lighter-than-normal .')

Input: A small yield premium over comparable Treasurys and a lack of liquidity is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A small yield premium over comparable Treasurys is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds .','A lack of liquidity is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds .')

Input: Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % , and Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % .',', Citicorp issued Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % .')

Input: Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations , but interest and principal are paid in dollars .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations .','Interest and principal are paid in dollars .')

Input: Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev .','Other aides might have to face voters .')

Input: Company officials said 22 workers were missing and presumed dead .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what company officials said .','22 workers were missing and presumed dead .')

Input: Died : S. Clark Beise , 91 , ex-president and chief executive officer of Bank of America NT&SA , Saturday , in Hillsboro , Calif .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mobil , Shell and Chevron had declines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings , aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings .','Quarterly earnings were aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities .')

Input: One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One cell was teased out .','Its DNA extracted .')

Input: A healthy embryo can be picked for implantation and defective ones discarded .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A healthy embryo can be picked for implantation and defective ones .','Implantation and defective ones were discarded .')

Input: Single-cell protein never panned out , and most companies abandoned such research .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Single-cell protein never panned out .','Most companies abandoned such research .')

Input: But the yeast genetic apparatus is more like that of animals than the bacterial genetic apparatus .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Strokes , heart attacks , leg pains -LRB- intermittent claudication -RRB- and other problems stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Strokes stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits .','Heart attacks stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits .','Leg pains -LRB- intermittent claudication -RRB- stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits .','Other problems stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits .')

Input: CP_START CC CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park ... .','We want people to think of Lake View as educational experience ... .')

Input: The statement was part of a Ford filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission .','The statement was part of a Ford filing .')

Input: Ford did n't say how much it might offer for Jaguar , or when .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the specter of Ford eventually launching a full-fledged bid could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the specter of Ford could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks .','Ford is launching a full-fledged bid .')

Input: Both Ford and GM badly need a luxury brand to combat new competition from the Japanese in the European and U.S. markets .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is from the Japanese in the European and U.S. markets .','Both Ford and GM badly need a luxury brand to combat new competition .')

Input: Texaco 's exploration and production earnings improved as a result of its streamlining of those operations as it sold many of its marginal producing properties over the past 18 months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Texaco 's exploration and production earnings improved as a result of its streamlining of those operations .','It sold many of its marginal producing properties over the past 18 months .')

Input: The sale of a portion of refining and marketing operations to Saudi Arabia helped alleviate the decline in earnings from that business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from that business .','The sale of a portion of refining and marketing operations to Saudi Arabia helped alleviate the decline in earnings .')

Input: Results declined , however , in Sun 's refining and marketing and coal businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','Results declined in Sun 's refining and marketing and coal businesses .')

Input: Exploration and production profits slumped $ 40 million due to a provision for restructuring costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was due to a provision for restructuring costs .','Exploration and production profits slumped $ 40 million .')

Input: Foreign earnings fell to $ 180 million from $ 182 million that included a $ 48 million gain from lower Canadian and Australian taxes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 182 million .','Foreign earnings fell to $ 180 million that included a $ 48 million gain from lower Canadian and Australian taxes .')

Input: The mining , metal and specialty-chemical concern said combined revenue for asbestos and coal was about $ 40 million of the company 's total revenue in 1988 of $ 1.98 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the mining , metal and specialty-chemical concern said .',', Combined revenue for asbestos and coal was about $ 40 million of the company 's total revenue in 1988 of $ 1.98 billion .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective Nov. 1 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was effective Nov. 1 .','David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer .')

Input: Upjohn is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services , seeds and speciality chemicals .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Upjohn is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services .','Upjohn is a world-wide provider of seeds .','Upjohn is a world-wide provider of speciality chemicals .')

Input: John B. Foy was named senior vice president and remains responsible for the individual policy services department .
Prediction: CO/LIST('John B. Foy was named senior vice president .','John B. Foy remains responsible for the individual policy services department .')

Input: Ronald B. Koenig , 55 years old , was named a senior managing director of the Gruntal & Co. brokerage subsidiary of this insurance and financial-services firm .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 55 years old .','Ronald B. Koenig was named a senior managing director of the Gruntal & Co. brokerage subsidiary of this insurance and financial-services firm .')

Input: MCI Communications Corp. said it received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what MCI Communications Corp. said .','It received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the .')

Input: Analysts expect the trade gap for the year to surpass $ 2 billion as demand for capital equipment and raw materials continues to push imports higher .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Analysts expect the trade gap for the year to surpass $ 2 billion as demand for capital equipment .','Raw materials continues to push imports higher .')

Input: Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.7 % last week to 1,816,000 tons from 1,828,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.7 % last week to 1,816,000 tons from 1,828,000 tons the previous week .','This was what the American Iron and Steel Institute said .')

Input: Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June from a year earlier .','Food production was ahead 1.7 % from 5.3 % from a year earlier .')

Input: Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on a monthly basis and 2.7 % year on year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on a monthly basis year on year .','Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on 2.7 % year on year .')

Input: Our antibody specifically killed infected cells at a very low dose , but it can also kill other cells , said Dr. Yonehara .
Prediction: NONE

Input: American Exploration Co. , offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: InterMedia Capital Corp. , Robin Cable Systems L.P. and Brenmor Cable Partners , offering of senior subordinated discount reset debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: KnowledgeWare Inc. , initial offering of three million shares of its common stock , of which 1,657,736 shares will be sold by the company and 1,342,264 will be sold by holders , via Montgomery Securities and Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sun Sportswear Inc. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which one million shares will be sold by the company , and the balance by a holder , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Piper , Jaffray & Hopwood Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday .','The group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out .')

Input: British Airways said its shareholders accepted only 6.3 % of the convertible capital bonds , but that the rest of the issue will be taken up by underwriters .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what British Airways said .','Its shareholders accepted only 6.3 % of the convertible capital bonds , but that the rest of the issue will be taken up by underwriters .')

Input: But except for the embarrassment , British Air will emerge relatively unscathed from the flopped issue .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And instead of buying the UAL stake , the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('And the U.K. carrier is buying the UAL stake .','And , the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest .')

Input: But British Air 's withdrawal from the UAL buy-out could have further repercussions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Air is British .','But Air 's withdrawal from the UAL buy-out could have further repercussions .')

Input: And he questions the White House dedication .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Unocal Corp. 's top management sets guidelines , but line supervisors slice up the merit pie .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Unocal Corp. 's top management sets guidelines .','Line supervisors slice up the merit pie .')

Input: Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness by basing increases on quarterly reviews , annual appraisals and meetings with workers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by basing increases on quarterly reviews , annual appraisals and meetings with workers .','Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness .')

Input: University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including decision-making back in Japan .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is including decision-making back in Japan .','University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design .')

Input: You ca n't hire competent Americans and say , Let them run only their own show , says Vladimir Pucik , who headed the study run with Egon Zehnder International , a search firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they think promotions are limited .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they think .','Promotions are limited .')

Input: More than half the people surveyed for the Employee Benefit Research Institute say they would be willing and able to pick up most of the cost of the coverage .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what more than half the people surveyed for the Employee Benefit Research Institute say .','They would be willing and able to pick up most of the cost of the coverage .')

Input: She was the only staff physician available to treat AIDS patients last summer and now she has the help of only two doctors part time .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She was the only staff physician available to treat AIDS patients last summer .','Now she has the help of only two doctors part time .')

Input: And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89 , the benefits test fought by most employers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The left-of-center Social Democrats and the environmental Greens party posted mixed results .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The left-of-center Social Democrats posted mixed results .','The environmental Greens party posted mixed results .')

Input: In a sign of easing tension between Beijing and Hong Kong , China said it will again take back illegal immigrants caught crossing into the British colony .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what China said in a sign of easing tension between Beijing and Hong Kong .','It will again take back illegal immigrants caught crossing into the British colony .')

Input: But the Japanese Fisheries Association criticized moves to ban the practice in international waters .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But the Japanese Fisheries Association criticized moves .','This was to ban the practice in international waters .')

Input: This helps explain the triple-A rating enjoyed by our bonds and our ability to borrow $ 9.3 billion in fiscal 1989 on the most advantageous terms .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This helps explain the triple-A rating enjoyed by our bonds .','This helps explain our ability to borrow $ 9.3 billion in fiscal 1989 on the most advantageous terms .')

Input: By and large , these efforts have borne fruit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by and large .','These efforts have borne fruit .')

Input: The agency 's workers and private companies would be allowed to bid for the assets up for sale .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Conasupo controls prices on agricultural goods and operates retail outlets where basic consumer items are sold at state-subsidized prices .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Conasupo controls prices on agricultural goods .',', Conasupo operates retail outlets where basic consumer items are sold at state-subsidized prices .')

Input: The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors .','Food-service distributors supply pizzerias and restaurants .')

Input: Your Sept. 26 Politics & Policy article about William Bennett 's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression that the FBI has not been nor is actively involved .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Your Sept. 26 Politics & Policy article about William Bennett 's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression .', CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('The FBI has not been .','The FBI is actively involved .'))

Input: The FBI is very supportive of and an active participant in Mr. Bennett 's initiative .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bennett is an active participant in Mr. .','The FBI is very supportive of and Bennett 's initiative .')

Input: The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by shareholders and state casino regulators in Nevada and New Jersey .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The much-revised restructuring must again be approved by shareholders and state casino regulators in Nevada and New Jersey .','The much-revised restructuring was first announced in October 1988 .')

Input: Traders and analysts said the divergence between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing unease about the economic outlook .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders and analysts said .','The divergence between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing unease about the economic outlook .')

Input: That unease is expected to grow today when the government reports on September durable goods orders and again Thursday when the first assessment of third-quarter economic growth is released .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what that unease is expected to grow today when the government reports on September durable goods orders and again Thursday .','When the first assessment of third-quarter economic growth is released .')

Input: Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender .','This was to conform with U.S. Census data .')

Input: Meredith Corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Meredith Corp. is launching a new service .','This is to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products .')

Input: The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft advertorial section that ran in five Meredith magazines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft advertorial section .','A Kraft advertorial section ran in five Meredith magazines .')

Input: But the marketplace changed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And most of these are absolutely unnecessary .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Your article points out the traps people fall into , but when reviewing those traps one sees just about all of them could have been avoided .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Your article points out the traps people fall into , but when reviewing those traps could have been avoided .','One sees just about all of them those traps .')

Input: They know all the answers and are not used to working more than 40 hours a week .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They know all the answers .','They are not used to working more than 40 hours a week .')

Input: The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The blue-collar worker will listen and take advice .','The blue-collar worker decides to start a business .')

Input: Before that he was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was before that .','He was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp .')

Input: Magazine publishers are facing spiraling costs and a glut of new titles .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Magazine publishers are facing spiraling costs .','Magazine publishers are facing a glut of new titles .')

Input: Entrepreneurs do n't rush to get into a stagnant or declining industry .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what industry figures released at the meeting indicate despite the recent tough advertising climate .','Things may be turning around .')

Input: And federal insurance protected the bank 's 631,163 depositors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the process , Litigation Sciences is quietly but inexorably reshaping the world of law .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the process .','Litigation Sciences is quietly but inexorably reshaping the world of law .')

Input: Little known outside the legal world but a powerhouse within , Litigation Sciences , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi PLC , employs more than 100 psychologists , sociologists , marketers , graphic artists and technicians .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Litigation Sciences are a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi PLC .','Little known outside the legal world but a powerhouse within , Litigation Sciences employs more than 100 psychologists , sociologists , marketers , graphic artists and technicians .')

Input: And it helped win defense verdicts in product-liability suits involving scores of products , ranging from Firestone 500 tires to the anti-nausea drug Bendectin .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in product-liability suits involving scores of products , ranging from Firestone 500 tires to the anti-nausea drug Bendectin .','And it helped win defense verdicts .')

Input: Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen .',', Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry .')

Input: After hours of conflict and debate , that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is after hours of conflict and debate .','That jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity .')

Input: But the effort is also being made to try and cause jurors not to decide things rationally .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 , in which Daniel Berrigan and others were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence , was a landmark .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 was a landmark .', CO/LIST('Daniel Berrigan were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence in The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 .','Others were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence in The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 .'))

Input: The researchers discovered that Episcopalians , Presbyterians , Methodists and fundamantalist Protestants were nearly always against the defendants ; the lawyers resolved to try to keep them off the jury .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The researchers discovered .','Episcopalians , Presbyterians , Methodists and fundamantalist Protestants were nearly always against the defendants ; the lawyers resolved to try to keep them off the jury .')

Input: The hardest thing in any complex case is to retain objectivity and , in some sense , your ignorance , says Mr. Boies of Cravath , Swaine & Moore .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A shadow jury is a way to do that in a more systematic and organized way .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's often wrong , but it 's better than consulting an Indian rain dancer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's often wrong .','It 's better than consulting an Indian rain dancer .')

Input: Theoretically , jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case logically and objectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was theoretically .','Jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case logically and objectively .')

Input: So would someone recently divorced or widowed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LRB- Since Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense , its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense .','-LRB- , its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury . -RRB- .')

Input: The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work , or toward particular movies or books .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work , or toward particular movies or books .','The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors .')

Input: But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But any lawyer will select the facts to employ .','But any lawyer will select the strategy to employ .')

Input: Once a jury is selected , the consultants often continue to determine what the jurors ' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers ' presentation accordingly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A jury is selected .','The consultants often continue to determine what the jurors ' attitudes are likely to be and help shape the lawyers ' presentation accordingly .')

Input: A few attorneys offer horror stories of jobs botched by consultants or of overpriced services -- as when one lawyer paid a consultant -LRB- not at Litigation Sciences -RRB- $ 70,000 to interview a jury after a big trial and later read more informative interviews with the same jurors in The American Lawyer magazine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A few attorneys offer horror stories of jobs -- as when one lawyer paid a consultant -LRB- not at Litigation Sciences -RRB- $ 70,000 to interview a jury after a big trial and later read more informative interviews with the same jurors in The American Lawyer magazine .','Jobs were botched by consultants or of overpriced services .')

Input: The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation , says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett , who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But most lawyers accept that the marketplace has spoken .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But most lawyers accept .','The marketplace has spoken .')

Input: But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the last thing is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better .','You want to do the last thing .')

Input: One award is part of a Department of Defense contract to Loral Rolm Mil-Spec Computers and could be valued at more than $ 100 million over five years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One award is part of a Department of Defense contract to Loral Rolm Mil-Spec Computers .','One award could be valued at more than $ 100 million over five years .')

Input: They , or at least something less efficient than today 's thin-walled units , may soon be making a comeback .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('They may soon be making a comeback .','At least something less efficient than today 's thin-walled units , may soon be making a comeback .')

Input: Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane to make the foam used in pillows , upholstery and insulation .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane .','This was to make the foam used in pillows , upholstery and insulation .')

Input: Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator , which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator .','A highly efficient insulator accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber .')

Input: But ozone creation is a very large-scale natural process and the importance of human-generated CFCs in reducing it is largely a matter of conjecture .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But ozone creation is a very large-scale natural process .','But ozone creation is the importance of human-generated CFCs in reducing it is largely a matter of conjecture .')

Input: The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica that expands or contracts from year to year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica .','A hole in the layer over Antarctica expands or contracts from year to year .')

Input: But it is at least worthy of some note that there are very few refrigerators in Antarctica .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it is at least worthy of some note .','There are very few refrigerators in Antarctica .')

Input: Mr. Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Teagan was Mr. .','Teagan points out as well that if the equipment designed to get along without CFCs is less efficient than current devices , energy consumption will rise and that will worsen the greenhouse effect .')

Input: As it happens , Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It happens .','Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories .')

Input: Environmental groups would soon go out of business were they not able to send out mailings describing the latest threat and asking for money to fight it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Environmental groups were they not able to send out mailings describing the latest threat and asking for money to fight it .','Would soon go out of business Environmental groups .')

Input: University professors and consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for alternative energy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('University professors saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for alternative energy .',', Consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for alternative energy .')

Input: They needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('They needed new crises .','This was to generate new grants and contracts .')

Input: But if there is no impending threat , it can get to be very expensive .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('There is no impending threat .','But , it can get to be very expensive .')

Input: But small business , which generally detests government-mandated benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But small business has taken note of the growing number of close votes .',', Small business generally detests government-mandated benefits .')

Input: In 1990 , the issue is expected to be especially close in Alaska , California , Michigan , New York , Pennsylvania and Illinois .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1990 .','The issue is expected to be especially close in Alaska , California , Michigan , New York , Pennsylvania and Illinois .')

Input: We 'll be playing a lot of defense , especially in the Midwest and Northeast , says Jim Buente of the NFIB .
Prediction: NONE

Input: NOVEMBER BALLOTS will contain few referendum or initiative issues that especially affect small business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('NOVEMBER BALLOTS will contain few referendum or initiative issues .','Few referendum or initiative issues especially affect small business .')

Input: But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use ... .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say .','They 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use .')

Input: It will take several weeks to repair the bridge , and several months to repair some of the 101 connections .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It will take several weeks to repair the bridge .','It will take several months to repair some of the 101 connections .')

Input: In the best of times , the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the best of times .','The Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more .')

Input: Everybody pretty much pitched in and cooperated , said Stan Perez , a sergeant with the California Highway Patrol .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But transportation officials worry that such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But transportation officials worry .',', Such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last .')

Input: And some commuters , relieved by the absence of gridlock , were planning to return to their old ways .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And some commuters were planning to return to their old ways .',', Some commuters were relieved by the absence of gridlock .')

Input: The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , lacking the intuition and creativity , he said .','The intuition and creativity were needed to reach the top .')

Input: But the handlers mistakenly stuck with silicon chips ; they needed kryptonite .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the handlers mistakenly stuck with silicon chips .','They needed kryptonite .')

Input: Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45 % , and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45 % .','10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8 % .')

Input: The difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return .
Prediction: NONE

Input: More important , the CD was purchased on the secondary , or resale , market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was more important .','The CD was purchased on the secondary , or resale , market .')

Input: -LRB- Federal deposit insurance would pay principal and interest accrued to the date of liquidation , to a maximum of $ 100,000 . -RRB-
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a maximum of $ 100,000 .','-LRB- Federal deposit insurance would pay principal and interest accrued to the date of liquidation . -RRB- .')

Input: Zero-coupon CDs are only a small portion of the $ 1 trillion-plus in CDs outstanding , and those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Zero-coupon CDs are only a small portion of the $ 1 trillion-plus in CDs outstanding .','Those purchased on the secondary market are an even smaller part of the total .')

Input: Americans are drinking less , but young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka , brandy and other spirits .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Americans are drinking less .','Young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka , brandy and other spirits .')

Input: Spirits companies now view themselves as global marketers , says Michael Bellas , president of Beverage Marketing Corp. , a research and consulting firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You must have world-class brands , a long-term perspective and deep pockets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('You must have world-class brands .','You must have a long-term perspective .','You must have deep pockets .')

Input: Mexico is the biggest importer of both rum and brandy from the U.S. .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Australia , Britain , Canada and Greece , Brown-Forman Corp. has increased its marketing of Southern Comfort Liqueur .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Australia , Britain , Canada and Greece .','Brown-Forman Corp. has increased its marketing of Southern Comfort Liqueur .')

Input: Using cinema , television and print ads , the company pitches Southern Comfort as a grand old drink of the antebellum American South .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company is using cinema , television and print ads .','The company pitches Southern Comfort as a grand old drink of the antebellum American South .')

Input: With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg , Va. , and avuncular old men in overalls and hightops .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to promote Jack Daniel 's overseas .','Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg , Va. , and avuncular old men in overalls and hightops .')

Input: Ads for England are artsy and irreverent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Demand for ads also rose at the eight TV stations Capital Cities owns and at its 80%-owned ESPN sports cable channel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Capital Cities was TV stations .','Demand for ads also rose at the eight Capital Cities owns and at its 80 % - owned ESPN sports cable channel .')

Input: The parent also publishes weeklies , shopping guides and specialty magazines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The parent also publishes weeklies .','The parent also publishes shopping guides .','The parent also publishes specialty magazines .')

Input: Nortek has agreed not to acquire any securities of Federal-Mogul for 10 years and not to influence company affairs during that period .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for 10 years and not to influence company affairs during that period .','Nortek has agreed not to acquire any securities of Federal-Mogul .')

Input: Manville Corp. said it will build a $ 24 million power plant to provide electricity to its Igaras pulp and paper mill in Brazil .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manville Corp. said .','It will build a $ 24 million power plant to provide electricity to its Igaras pulp and paper mill in Brazil .')

Input: But for the most part , officials have avoided expressing those views in public , fearing they would unnecessarily antagonize the Fed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in public .','But for the most part , officials have avoided expressing those views , fearing they would unnecessarily antagonize the Fed .')

Input: Apparently acknowledging weaker U.S. sales systemwide , McDonald 's vowed to use our size and muscle to do all that is necessary to build the brand .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Apparently acknowledging weaker U.S. sales systemwide , McDonald 's vowed to use our size and muscle to do all .','All is necessary to build the brand .')

Input: Third-quarter sales in Europe were exceptionally strong , boosted by promotional programs and new products -- although weaker foreign currencies reduced the company 's earnings .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Third-quarter sales in Europe were exceptionally strong , boosted by promotional programs and new products -- .','Weaker foreign currencies reduced the company 's earnings .')

Input: If the ship fails to arrive , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The ship fails to arrive .','Those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more .')

Input: Ms. Garratt 's assets and liabilities were n't disclosed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Garratt was Ms. .','Garratt 's assets and liabilities were n't disclosed .')

Input: Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The truck sales slowdown reflects the general slowing in sales of consumer goods , he said , and the latest reports show a slight improvement rather than any indication of a downward spiral .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The truck sales slowdown reflects the general slowing in sales of consumer goods .','The latest reports show a slight improvement rather than any indication of a downward spiral .')

Input: The answer lies both in the degraded environment of these countries and the perceived causes of that degradation .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The answer lies both in the degraded environment of these countries .','The answer lies both in the perceived causes of that degradation .')

Input: Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80 % of those for dust and soot emissions .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites .','Norms are consistently exceeded at 80 % of those for dust and soot emissions .')

Input: Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Poland produces about 20 times more soot .','Poland produces five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe .')

Input: Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany 's , and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the implications of such a shift to market approaches go well beyond the fact that Poland is already working on nationwide emissions trades to reduce smelter pollution , or that the Soviets plan to introduce marketable pollution permits in some republics next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest .','The conference 's vision was not all fantasy .')

Input: The drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 0.7 % slide by the Nasdaq composite index .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by the Nasdaq composite index .','The drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 0.7 % slide .')

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to 458.32 .','The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 .')

Input: He puts the OTC market 's Nellcor , Office Club and BizMart on the list .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the list .','He puts the OTC market 's Nellcor , Office Club and BizMart .')

Input: But Legent , a systems software stock , was down 1\/2 to 29 3\/4 on 39,300 shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Legent was a systems software stock .','But Legent was down 1\/2 to 293\/4 on 39,300 shares .')

Input: Why ca n't we teach our children to read , write and reckon ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The result is a generation of young people whose ignorance and intellectual incompetence is matched only by their good opinion of themselves .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The reasons are complex , but one simple reason ought not to be underestimated .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The reasons are complex .','One simple reason ought not to be underestimated .')

Input: It is nice for teachers to think they are engaged in personality development and even nicer to minimize those irksome tests with often disappointing results .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as distinct from the educational establishment .','But it is unfair to dump on teachers .')

Input: Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But our education proceeded at the hands of those others , who were merely competent and conscientious .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But our education proceeded at the hands of those others .','Those others were merely competent and conscientious .')

Input: If he is competent and conscientious , he serves us well .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('He is competent and conscientious .','He serves us well .')

Input: Whether they are or are not underpaid is a problem of equity ; it is not an educational problem .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Whether they are or are not underpaid is a problem of equity .','It is not an educational problem .')

Input: But there is not one shred of evidence that , other things being equal , salary differentials result in educational differentials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there is not one shred of evidence .','Other things being equal , salary differentials result in educational differentials .')

Input: New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance , even as Chicago and other cities are moving to institute it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance .',', Chicago and other cities are moving to institute it .')

Input: This means tracking , whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish -LRB- though that is clearly desirable -RRB- than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This means tracking .','Tracking 's main is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish -LRB- though that is clearly desirable -RRB- than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work .')

Input: The purpose of education is to encourage young men and women to realize their full academic potential .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latter are modish , trendy , often downright silly , and at best insubstantial .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is trendy .','The latter are modish often downright silly , and at best insubstantial .')

Input: One of the reasons American students do so poorly in math tests , as compared with British , French , German or Japanese students , is the influence of the New Math on American textbooks and teaching methods .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , said George Conrades , IBM 's top marketing official .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the accord .','Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer .')

Input: Arnold Levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as senior vice president and a board member .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Arnold Levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as senior vice president .','Arnold Levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as a board member .')

Input: Eagle 's management retired and Biny 's management took control of the company .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Eagle 's management retired .','Biny 's management took control of the company .')

Input: That and adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That were the biggest factors in the industry .','Adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry .')

Input: The federal productivity estimators use labor input , rather than output , data for their calculations of half of private financial and service industries as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Output is data .','The federal productivity estimators use labor input , rather than output for their calculations of half of private financial and service industries as well .')

Input: Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15 % a year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by 0.15 % a year .','Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate .')

Input: In other words , the growth rates of both total GNP and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 20 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other words .','The growth rates of both total GNP and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 20 % .')

Input: It certainly was n't a disaster , but it does show weakness in some of the company 's chief markets , said George Krug , a chemicals-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses .','The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million .')

Input: Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or whether you should -LRB- simply -RRB- revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of Drexel 's business in the state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the state .','Drexel 's proposed state fines have been based on a state 's population and on the size of Drexel 's business .')

Input: But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked , according to state officials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to state officials .','But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked .')

Input: Some analysts at least are buying that argument , and were n't alarmed by the losses .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some analysts at least are buying that argument .',', Some analysts at least were n't alarmed by the losses .')

Input: What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in magazines .','Higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines .')

Input: The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $ 12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO 's Comedy Channel .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $ 12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses .','Expenses were associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO 's Comedy Channel .')

Input: Such trappings suggest a glorious past but give no hint of a troubled present .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Such trappings suggest a glorious past .',', Such trappings give no hint of a troubled present .')

Input: And catastrophes are getting ever more costly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lloyd 's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lloyd 's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property .','Lloyd 's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as marine insurance .')

Input: It virtually dictated how ships were to be built and it monitored commerce through a unrivaled intelligence network in ports around the globe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We have been a great market for inventing risks which other people then take , copy and cut rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('We have been a great market for inventing risks .','Other people then take , copy and cut rates risks .')

Input: By that , he means low-margin but low-risk products such as certain types of primary property insurance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by that .','He means low-margin but low-risk products such as certain types of primary property insurance .')

Input: The exchange , he says , must find new products and new markets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The exchange , he says , must find new products .','The exchange , he says , must find new markets .')

Input: But along with such treasured artifacts as Lord Nelson 's spyglass , Lloyd 's also brought its outmoded ways of doing business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Nelson was such treasured artifacts as Lord .','But along with Nelson 's spyglass , Lloyd 's also brought its outmoded ways of doing business .')

Input: How unprofessional we must have appeared to the outside world -- how incompetent at risk assessment and evaluation , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('How unprofessional we must have appeared to the outside world -- how incompetent at risk assessment and evaluation .','This is what he says .')

Input: Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses -LRB- including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland -RRB- and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Insurance analysts say .','The exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses -LRB- including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland -RRB- and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo .')

Input: -LRB- It recently cut its work force by 9 % , or 213 . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('-LRB- It recently cut its work force by 9 % . -RRB- .','-LRB- It 213 . -RRB- .')

Input: But Lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its reluctance to embrace modern technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public .',', Such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada .')

Input: But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters , brokers and administrators before being implemented .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('But such changes must be cleared by four internal committees and dozens of underwriters , brokers and administrators before .','But such changes were being implemented .')

Input: Mr. Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market but that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking and securities dealing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Dozen is Mr. .','Dozen is taking over the reins of a securities company that does very well in its domestic market but that is still seeking to realize its potential in global investment banking and securities dealing .')

Input: But not a single piece of paper was sold .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it Mr. Dozen 's experience as a salesman that enabled him to gain the political support -- particularly from the retail sales force -- to accede to the presidency .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the board said it was n't interested for now .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the board said .','It was n't interested for now .')

Input: And , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with no other offers on the table .','And the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it .')

Input: The directors signaled , however , that they would be willing to consider future offers or take some other action to maximize shareholder value , saying they would continue to explore all strategic and financial alternatives .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the directors signaled , however , saying they would continue to explore all strategic and financial alternatives .','They would be willing to consider future offers or take some other action to maximize shareholder value .')

Input: The buy-out effort also worsened already-strained relations between United 's pilot and machinist unions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone .','Anyone might make a new offer .')

Input: Apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Apple said .','Its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development .')

Input: But they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But they were n't on my list of companies .',', Companies were critical to be a part of it .')

Input: What went wrong in Panama is a fitting subject for public and congressional inquiry .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate .','The debate is running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue .')

Input: For example , what exactly did the CIA tell Major Giroldi and his fellow coup plotters about U.S. laws and executive orders on assassinations ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or maybe a Surgeon General 's warning : Confiding in the United States may be fatal .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in other words .',', Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA .')

Input: The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The pay 's the same .','The duty 's lighter .')

Input: And of course , doing anything that might be second-guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And of course , doing anything carries heavy penalties .','Anything might be second-guessed by Congress .')

Input: What kind of initiative should anyone expect from people out on the line who 've read all this and know what can happen if they fail ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The executive order are neither sensible nor moral .','The reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral .')

Input: Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Katz was Mr. .','Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes .')

Input: The Phillips facility manufactures polyethylene , polypropylene and K-resin , plastics used in a wide array of applications , including milk jugs and toys .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including milk jugs and toys .','The Phillips facility manufactures polyethylene , polypropylene and K-resin , plastics used in a wide array of applications .')

Input: Phillips Petroleum Co. and Atlantic Richfield Co. also reported declines in quarterly profit , while Ashland Oil Inc. posted a loss for the latest quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Phillips Petroleum Co. and Atlantic Richfield Co. reported declines in quarterly profit .','While Ashland Oil Inc. posted a loss for the latest quarter .')

Input: Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Amerada Hess Corp. reported higher earnings .','Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings .')

Input: Shrinking profit margins in chemical and refining and marketing sectors accounted for most of the decline , said Chairman C.J. Silas in a statement .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices .','This was what the company said .')

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are also about $ 124 million of 6 1\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 ; about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 ; and about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are also about $ 124 million of 61\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 .','There are also about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 .','There are also about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 .')

Input: The bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. .','The bonds are rated double-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp .')

Input: There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 ; $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 ; and $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are $ 15,845,000 of 73\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 .','There are $ 22,985,000 of 71\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 .','There are $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 .')

Input: The bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The issue is the first by Ford Motor Credit , a unit of Ford Motor Co. , and the second largest in the four-year history of the $ 45 billion asset-backed market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The issue is the first by Ford Motor Credit .','The issue is a unit of Ford Motor Co. .','The issue is the second largest in the four-year history of the $ 45 billion asset-backed market .')

Input: But I 'm going to proceed in a more logical way .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that does n't mean I 'm not going to get angry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But that does n't mean .','I 'm not going to get angry .')

Input: A&P fell 1 1\/4 to 57 5\/8 , and J. Baker gained 3\/8 to 21 1\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A&P fell 11\/4 to 575\/8 .','J. Baker gained 3\/8 to 211\/4 .')

Input: Entertainment and media stocks generally escaped the market 's slide as well .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Paramount Communications rose 5\/8 to 58 3\/4 , Time Warner climbed 1 7\/8 to 138 5\/8 , Walt Disney advanced 3 1\/8 to 127 1\/2 , MCA rose 1 1\/8 to 65 5\/8 and McGraw-Hill added 1\/2 to 67 1\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Paramount Communications rose 5\/8 to 583\/4 .','Time Warner climbed 17\/8 to 1385\/8 .','Walt Disney advanced 31\/8 to 1271\/2 .','MCA rose 11\/8 to 655\/8 .','McGraw-Hill added 1\/2 to 671\/8 .')

Input: It means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It means .','It is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals .')

Input: The rise of superintendents such as Joseph Fernandez and Ted Kimbrough suggests plainly the process of disintegration in many school systems .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system , discipline collapsed , and kids stopped learning .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system , discipline collapsed .','The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system , kids stopped learning .')

Input: Ingersoll has 28 dailies and 200 other non-daily papers in the U.S. and Europe .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ingersoll has 28 dailies .','Ingersoll has 200 other non-daily papers in the U.S. and Europe .')

Input: Alexander Brody , 56 , will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alexander Brody was 56 .','Alexander Brody will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations .')

Input: Moreover , after 26 years at Ogilvy he had honed a reputation for being squeaky-clean and a straight arrow -- which can only help American Express in the wake of the Safra incident .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Moreover , after 26 years at Ogilvy he had honed a reputation for being squeaky-clean and a straight arrow -- .','A straight arrow -- can only help American Express in the wake of the Safra incident .')

Input: He also is close to American Express 's chairman and chief executive officer , James D. Robinson III .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('American Express 's chairman and chief executive officer are James D. Robinson III .','He also is close to American Express 's chairman and chief executive officer .')

Input: He also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee , made up of the top corporate and operating executives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee .','The company 's corporate planning and policy committee were made up of the top corporate and operating executives .')

Input: General Foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , said David Hurwitt , a vice president of Kraft General Foods .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I have n't seen or talked to him in several years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Norm Berry was a creative inspiration at the company , and nobody has filled that void , said Ms. Hill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting .',', Cleveland Consulting counsels companies on logistics and supply .')

Input: Both Saatchi & Saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June , and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Both Saatchi & Saatchi and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale .',', Saatchi & Saatchi announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June .')

Input: The Turner move is in line with a cable-TV trend toward more original programming -- and toward finding more ways to amortize the high cost of producing films .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The move would greatly boost Paribas 's stake in the insurance , transport and food businesses , where Navigation Mixte is strong .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('The move would greatly boost Paribas 's stake in the insurance , transport and food businesses .','Navigation Mixte is strong .')

Input: Those include Rhin et Moselle Vie and Via Assurances .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Those include Rhin et Moselle Vie .','Those include Via Assurances .')

Input: And Navigation Mixte has a huge hidden attraction .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Paribas shares closed down 30 francs at 610 francs , and Navigation Mixte shares were suspended at 1,800 francs pending the outcome of the bid .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Paribas shares closed down 30 francs at 610 francs .','Navigation Mixte shares were suspended at 1,800 francs pending the outcome of the bid .')

Input: Some financial sources said privately that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some financial sources said privately .','Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price .')

Input: France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake .','Its own Navigation Mixte stake was currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % .')

Input: Such sales are watched closely by platinum and palladium traders because both metals are used in automobile catalytic converters .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', Such sales are watched closely by platinum and palladium traders .','Both metals are used in automobile catalytic converters .')

Input: GRAINS AND SOYBEANS :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Prices closed mixed .',', Contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news .')

Input: But with no reports of either country actually entering the market , analysts said , futures prices became vulnerable .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1\/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1\/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .','The yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday .')

Input: Municipals ended mixed , while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Municipals ended mixed .','Mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose .')

Input: In the Treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the Treasury market .','Analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news .')

Input: We will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields .','This was what he said .')

Input: The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 , and the 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 .','The 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 .')

Input: In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market .','Junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors .')

Input: Price talk calls for the reset notes to be priced at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A $ 575 million San Antonio , Texas , electric and gas system revenue bond issue dominated the new issue sector .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He attributed that to the issue 's aggressive pricing and large size , as well as the general lethargy in the municipal marketplace .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the issue 's aggressive pricing and large size , as well as the general lethargy in the municipal marketplace .','He attributed that .')

Input: Activity quieted in the New York City bond market , where heavy investor selling last week drove yields on the issuer 's full faith and credit backed bonds up as much as 0.50 percentage point .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('Activity quieted in the New York City bond market .','Heavy investor selling last week drove yields on the issuer 's full faith and credit backed bonds up as much as 0.50 percentage point .')

Input: The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The guide scoops into a pail .','The guide puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook .')

Input: Pickin one or two , says the guide , chuckling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And we are the first back at the dock , where the great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('And we are the first back at the dock .','The great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches .')

Input: People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place or themselves .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place .','People are not apt to be self-conscious about themselves .')

Input: Texas is big and beautiful and they live here , that 's all .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Texas is big and beautiful .','They live here , that 's all .')

Input: Deer , wild hog , armadillos and alligators are the glamour quadrupeds and the birds are innumerable , especially the herons and the spoonbills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Above the blossoms of lantana and scarlet pea the inky-brown and golden palamedes butterfly floats on its lazy wingbeat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is above the blossoms of lantana and scarlet pea .','The inky-brown and golden palamedes butterfly floats on its lazy wingbeat .')

Input: AEG AG and Siemens AG said they will launch their previously announced joint venture for power semiconductors in January .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what AEG AG and Siemens AG said .','They will launch their previously announced joint venture for power semiconductors in January .')

Input: The joint venture will have nominal capital of 50 million marks -LRB- $ 26.9 million -RRB- and 700 employees .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The joint venture will have nominal capital of 50 million marks -LRB- $ 26.9 million -RRB- .','The joint venture will have 700 employees .')

Input: It will develop , produce and market high-performance electronic parts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dana also said it was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dana said .','It was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier .')

Input: But she did n't trust them and did n't reward trust .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But she did n't trust them .','But she did n't reward trust .')

Input: She made money , but spent more .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', She made money .',', She spent more .')

Input: African art was in vogue and some intellectuals were writing breathlessly of a dawning age to be inspired by blacks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('African art was in vogue .',', Some intellectuals were writing breathlessly of a dawning age to be inspired by blacks .')

Input: She just wiggled her fanny and all the French fell in love with her , sniffed the literary world 's Maria Jolas , not entirely inaccurately .
Prediction: NONE

Input: During World War II , her uncomplicated view of life led her to the conclusion that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 2 % of French citizens .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the conclusion .','During World War II , her uncomplicated view of life led her that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 2 % of French citizens .')

Input: Or ever will .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Manville 's ownership is unusual , and it has caught the eye of some canny -- and patient -- investors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But Manville 's ownership is unusual .','But it has caught the eye of some canny -- and patient -- investors .')

Input: What makes the most sense is to find someone who wants to buy the whole company or cause a recapitalization of all shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('What makes the most sense is to find someone .',', Someone wants to buy the whole company or cause a recapitalization of all shares .')

Input: Its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 338 million in the first six months of 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the first six months of 1989 .','Its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 338 million .')

Input: And , beginning in 1992 , it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is beginning in 1992 .','And it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income .')

Input: It does n't pay a dividend , and this trust needs income .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It does n't pay a dividend .','This trust needs income .')

Input: But the trust , in most cases , is forbidden from seeking a buyer for only its shares before November 1993 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in most cases .','But the trust is forbidden from seeking a buyer for only its shares before November 1993 .')

Input: Analysts predict little or no near-term growth .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Analysts predict little .','Analysts predict no near-term growth .')

Input: And he says Manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other construction-related firms are hurting and selling cheap .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','Manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other construction-related firms are hurting and selling cheap .')

Input: With a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- Manville is indeed actively on the prowl .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- .','Manville is indeed actively on the prowl .')

Input: Business : Forest products and roofing
Prediction: NONE

Input: St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products , including power tools .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is including power tools .',', St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products .')

Input: The sale and spinoff of the real estate unit is the first phase of what could lead to the breakup of Santa Fe Pacific into free-standing companies for its railroad and energy operations , as well as real estate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the case Nov. 3 and may issue a decision as early as Nov. 6 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the case Nov. 3 .','The Supreme Court may issue a decision as early as Nov. 6 .')

Input: Criminal convictions under the federal Superfund law are rare , and the decision is the first jury verdict in such a case .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Criminal convictions under the federal Superfund law are rare .','The decision is the first jury verdict in such a case .')

Input: But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of differences with the board .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Westamerica Bancorp. said .','Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of differences with the board .')

Input: Neither Mr. Payne nor Mr. Decker could be reached to comment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Payne was Mr. .','Neither Payne nor Decker could be reached to comment .')

Input: Westamerica has about $ 1.3 billion of assets and is the largest independent bank in northern California .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Westamerica has about $ 1.3 billion of assets .','Westamerica is the largest independent bank in northern California .')

Input: But the market lost part of the early gains on index-linked investment trust fund selling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on index-linked investment trust fund selling .','But the market lost part of the early gains .')

Input: The range of expectations is so broad , a dealer at another major U.K. brokerage firm said , the deficit may have to be nearer or above # 2 billion for it to have any impact on the market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The range of expectations is so broad .','A dealer at another major U.K. brokerage firm said .','The deficit may have to be nearer or above # 2 billion for it to have any impact on the market .')

Input: But there was little selling pressure , and even small orders at the lower levels sufficed to bring the market back to Friday 's opening levels .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But there was little selling pressure .','But even small orders at the lower levels sufficed to bring the market back to Friday 's opening levels .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: Gerald C. Beddall , 47 years old , was named president of the Clairol division of this pharmaceuticals and health-care company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 47 years old .','Gerald C. Beddall was named president of the Clairol division of this pharmaceuticals and health-care company .')

Input: b - Week ended Wednesday , October 18 , 1989 and Wednesday October 11 , 1989 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers .','When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million .')

Input: The year-before loss was $ 8.4 million , or $ 1.36 a common share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The year-before loss was $ 8.4 million .','The year-before loss was $ 1.36 a common share .')

Input: That suit and Exxon 's countersuit were filed in a state court in Anchorage .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That suit were filed in a state court in Anchorage .','Exxon 's countersuit were filed in a state court in Anchorage .')

Input: Legal strategists say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what legal strategists say .','Damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion .')

Input: We are the Golden State , Mr. Fazio said , and there is a certain amount of jealousy .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We are the Golden State .','There is a certain amount of jealousy .')

Input: Given California 's size and political importance , the White House is eager to appear generous .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is given California 's size and political importance .','The White House is eager to appear generous .')

Input: I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war .','I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have then a veto threat .')

Input: LDI leases and sells data-processing , telecommunications and other high-tech equipment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: More than 100 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('More than 100 people were injured .','A number of workers were missing .')

Input: The plan , approved by lawmakers and rejected Sunday by Aoun , includes political changes aimed at ending the 14-year-old civil war .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The plan , approved by lawmakers and rejected Sunday by Aoun , includes political changes .','Political changes were aimed at ending the 14-year-old civil war .')

Input: United Education & Software , a Los Angeles education services company , called the commission 's action precipitous and unwarranted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('United Education & Software was a Los Angeles education services company .','United Education & Software called the commission 's action precipitous and unwarranted .')

Input: United Education & Software posted a $ 250,000 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing .','United Education & Software posted a $ 250,000 bond against potential losses .')

Input: He also cited unfavorable foreign-exchange rates and a lower tax rate .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He also cited unfavorable foreign-exchange rates .','He also cited a lower tax rate .')

Input: h 's payment -LRB- off the tail end of the mortgage -RRB- for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage -LRB- balloon -RRB- , but forgiven on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant .
Prediction: CO/LIST('H 's payment -LRB- off the tail end of the mortgage -RRB- for every six months paid .','Or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage -LRB- balloon -RRB- , but forgiven on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant .')

Input:  mortgage-interest deductions .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  at market or near-market rates .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  in the most recent period and 9 a year earlier .
Prediction: NONE

Input: uk , who belongs to the local council and to Rural Solidarity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: out two years time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished .
Prediction: NONE

Input: lation remains the greatest threat to our economic well-being and promised to take whatever steps are needed to choke it off .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Lation remains the greatest threat to our economic well-being .','Lation promised to take whatever steps are needed to choke it off .')

Input: e , in the year-earlier period .
Prediction: NONE

Input: a share , from $ 142.2 million , or $ 3.28 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ropped 1 1\/2 to 70 1\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7\/8 , Asarco lost 1 3\/8 to 31 3\/4 , Reynolds Metals slid 1 3\/8 to 50 3\/8 , Amax dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 5\/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ropped 11\/2 to 701\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 597\/8 .','Asarco lost 13\/8 to 313\/4 .','Reynolds Metals slid 13\/8 to 503\/8 .','Amax dropped 11\/8 to 215\/8 .',', Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 263\/4 .')

Input: does n't have data about applicants to determine why blacks are rejected more often .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about applicants .','Does n't have data to determine why blacks are rejected more often .')

Input: f electronic medical equipment , said the transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what f electronic medical equipment said .','The transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 .')

Input: reamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network , Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares , or Conasupo .
Prediction: NONE

Input: s rather than the usual two-hour crush .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ed by the Environment Ministry , the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , and the Polish Ecological Club , and was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry , as well as Hungarians , Czechs , Russians , Japanese and Americans .
Prediction: NONE

Input: nable degree of price stability .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ple then take , copy and cut rates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: sted in the transaction only a small fraction of the $ 114.3 million they stood to gain from sale of their UAL stock and options .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They was sted in the transaction only a small fraction of the $ 114.3 million .','They stood to gain from sale of their UAL stock and options .')

Input: tion and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses and some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tion and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields .','Tion and production profits were off because of some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields .')

Input: veland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ose is best on the early years and World War II .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ose is best on the early years .','Ose is best on World War II .')

Input:  parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But instead of thanks , Sen. Cranston was treated with cool formality .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cranston was Sen. .','But instead of thanks , Cranston was treated with cool formality .')

Input: And he has attached himself to the Lincoln story tenaciously .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the Lincoln story .','And he has attached himself tenaciously .')

Input: But Chairman Gonzalez is a genuine maverick .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gonzalez is Chairman .','But Gonzalez is a genuine maverick .')

Input: Mr. Gonzalez is also a stickler for ethical standards who refuses to accept honorariums and who believes in conducting official business in the open .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gonzalez is Mr. .','Gonzalez is also a stickler for ethical standards who refuses to accept honorariums and who believes in conducting official business in the open .')

Input: When I first got a glimpse at the witness list , I could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , says Michael Waldman , director of Congress Watch , a consumer group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They were willing to trade important provisions in the bailout legislation to preserve Mr. Wall 's job and to avoid a reconfirmation hearing in which he would be called upon to testify about Lincoln S&L .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wall was Mr. .','They were willing to trade important provisions in the bailout legislation to preserve Wall 's job and to avoid a reconfirmation hearing in which he would be called upon to testify about Lincoln S&L .')

Input: It 's being sold through bookstores , newsstands and some video stores .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's being sold through bookstores .','It 's being sold through newsstands .','It 's being sold through some video stores .')

Input: Parties are rather a state of mind , she said , pausing only to taste and pass judgment on the Georgian shashlik -LRB- a little well done , but very good -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Parties are rather a state of mind .','This was what she said , pausing only to taste and pass judgment on the Georgian shashlik -LRB- a little well done , but very good -RRB- .')

Input: It 's supposed to be later but I just moved it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's supposed to be later .','I just moved it .')

Input: She also frequently invites directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for coffee and clips in the pleasure dome .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She also frequently invites directors .',', She also frequently invites producers .',', She also frequently invites actors .',', She also frequently invites writers .',', She also frequently invites other show business people for coffee and clips in the pleasure dome .')

Input: They eat sinful and sensual things -- and explain their clips .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They eat sinful and sensual things .','They explain their clips .')

Input: It 's very revealing and soul baring , said Ms. Volokh .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Look at Dostoevski and Kafka .
Prediction: NONE

Input: No one ever eats in their books and look at them ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST('No one ever eats in their books ... .','No one look at them ... .')

Input: In life , she offers practical dieting advice : Divide your meals into important and unimportant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in life .',', She offers practical dieting advice : Divide your meals into important and unimportant .')

Input: But we should n't leave out political reasons , number one .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Political reasons are number one .','But we should n't leave out political reasons .')

Input: Their visa came in relatively short order , and they moved to Los Angeles .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Their visa came in relatively short order .','They moved to Los Angeles .')

Input: You never know if you 'll be chosen to be the scapegoat or the lucky one .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what you know .','If you 'll be chosen to be the scapegoat or the lucky one .')

Input: Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Both Colgate have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents .','Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents .')

Input: But the current Soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal containing details of Soviet medical advancements .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal .','An English-language journal was containing details of Soviet medical advancements .')

Input: The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray and Control Data Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray .','The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Control Data Corp .')

Input: The move will give Nuovo Banco a badly needed foreign presence , and make Credit Agricole the bank 's largest shareholder .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The move will give Nuovo Banco a badly needed foreign presence .','The move will make Credit Agricole the bank 's largest shareholder .')

Input: Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings .','Analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion .')

Input: But Ramtron of Colorado Springs , Colo. , plans to start shipping commercial quantities of simple ferroelectric chips in December .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Colorado Springs is Colo. .','But Ramtron of Colorado Springs plans to start shipping commercial quantities of simple ferroelectric chips in December .')

Input: The company expects the chips eventually to be used in devices that mimic a whole range of computer memory equipment , including floppy-disk and hard-disk drives .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The company expects the chips eventually .','This was to be used in devices that mimic a whole range of computer memory equipment , including floppy-disk and hard-disk drives .')

Input: Witnesses often must travel long distances to give face-to-face depositions before lawyers and court reporters .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Witnesses often must travel long distances .','This is to give face-to-face depositions before lawyers and court reporters .')

Input: That could change , thanks to lower long-distance rates and cheaper electronics .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is thanks to lower long-distance rates and cheaper electronics .','That could change .')

Input: And it is preparing to set up shop in Chicago , New York and 10 other cities where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And it is preparing to set up shop in Chicago where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network .','And it is preparing to set up shop in New York where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network .','And it is preparing to set up shop in 10 other cities where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network .')

Input: While lawyers arranged individual tie-ups before , the formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Lawyers arranged individual tie-ups before .','The formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper .')

Input: An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is depending on the quality of the picture .','An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities .')

Input: -LRB- A settlement was reached but was n't made public . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('-LRB- A settlement was reached . -RRB- .','-LRB- A settlement was n't made public . -RRB- .')

Input: Hitachi charges Motorola has engaged in fraudulent and inequitable conduct in the procurement of certain Motorola patents used in Motorola 's MC68030 microprocessor chip .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hitachi charges .','Motorola has engaged in fraudulent and inequitable conduct in the procurement of certain Motorola patents used in Motorola 's MC68030 microprocessor chip .')

Input: Translation : Motorola appears to have taken a Hitachi technology that is patented in the U.S. , Hitachi says , and tried to make it look like a new technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Motorola either denied or would n't comment on the various charges .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Motorola either denied .','Motorola either would n't comment on the various charges .')

Input: CP_START CC CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: And investors and traders alike say the current turmoil could take years to resolve .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what investors and traders say .','The current turmoil could take years to resolve .')

Input: Campeau developed a cash squeeze that caused it to be tardy on some interest payments and to put its prestigious Bloomingdale 's department store chain up for sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Campeau developed a cash squeeze .','A cash squeeze caused it to be tardy on some interest payments and to put its prestigious Bloomingdale 's department store chain up for sale .')

Input: Nobody 's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years , and we 're going to make sure our default rates are going to be in the acceptable parameters of the market .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Nobody 's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years .','We 're going to make sure our default rates are going to be in the acceptable parameters of the market .')

Input: We certainly do have a lack of liquidity here , and it 's something to be concerned about , says James A. Gregoire , a managing director .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I have no reason to think things will get worse , but this market has a knack for surprising us .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('I have no reason to think things will get worse .','This market has a knack for surprising us .')

Input: But we think the risks are there for things getting a lot worse .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we think .','The risks are there for things getting a lot worse .')

Input: And the risks are n't appropriate for us , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('And the risks are n't appropriate for us .','This is what he says .')

Input: Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International .','Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Braniff .','Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Integrated Resources .','Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include SCI TV .','Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Gillette Holdings .','Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Western Electric .','Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Southmark .')

Input: But the deals that never should have been brought have now become nuclear waste .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the deals have now become nuclear waste .','The deals never should have been brought .')

Input: But Mrs. Boehm did n't mention any of them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boehm was Mrs. .','But Boehm did n't mention any of them .')

Input: Like which are droppable and which are not .
Prediction: NONE

Input: With the fall social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with the fall .',', Social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers .')

Input: And she said , Hello .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Beauregard was mentioned twice -- although very briefly and in passing .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Beauregard was mentioned .','Twice -- although very briefly and in passing .')

Input: These droppers do n't flaunt only their friendships with the Trumps , Brooke Astor or Georgette Mosbacher .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('These droppers do n't flaunt only their friendships with the Trumps .','These droppers do n't flaunt only their friendships with Brooke Astor .','These droppers do n't flaunt only their friendships with Georgette Mosbacher .')

Input: They even drop semi-obscure names like Wolfgang Flottl , whom everybody these days apparently has heard of but no one really knows , says Mr. Revson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But name-dropping has other benefits , often civic .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is often civic .','But name-dropping has other benefits .')

Input: It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire , because former Mayor Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ralph Perk was former Mayor .','It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire , because Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant .')

Input: If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Press agents and public-relations practitioners are notorious name-droppers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Press agents are notorious name-droppers .','Public-relations practitioners are notorious name-droppers .')

Input: And some even do it with malice aforethought .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with malice aforethought .','And some even do it .')

Input: And her husband sometimes calls her Ducky .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But call her Patty , and it 's a sure giveaway you 're not in her circle , because she does n't use that name , says Joan Kron , editor-in-chief of Avenue magazine , a monthly publication sent to all the right names .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But call her Patty .','But it 's a sure giveaway you 're not in her circle , because she does n't use that name , says Joan Kron , editor-in-chief of Avenue magazine , a monthly publication sent to all the right names .')

Input: And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For American car buyers , the proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for American car buyers .','The proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing .')

Input: The winners , he predicts , will be brands from car makers that have traditionally been associated with quality and value .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The winners , he predicts , will be brands from car makers .','Brands from car makers have traditionally been associated with quality and value .')

Input: There 's more noise out there , and the consumer may have to work harder to cut through it , says Vincent P. Barabba , executive director of market research and planning at General Motors Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the reward is that there 's less need to make tradeoffs in choosing one 's wheels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the reward is .','There 's less need to make tradeoffs in choosing one 's wheels .')

Input: She wants something big , and already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker and Lincoln Town Car .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She wants something big .',', She already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker and Lincoln Town Car .')

Input: Market segmentation in cars is n't new , but it 's far more extensive than when Alfred P. Sloan Jr. conceived the idea 50 years ago .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Market segmentation in cars is n't new .','It 's far more extensive than when Alfred P. Sloan Jr. conceived the idea 50 years ago .')

Input: The legendary GM chairman declared that his company would make a car for every purse and purpose .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the legendary GM chairman declared .','His company would make a car for every purse and purpose .')

Input: Today , they identify 19 distinct segments for cars , and another 11 for trucks and vans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Today , they identify 19 distinct segments for cars .','Today , they identify another 11 for trucks and vans .')

Input: But slow sales forced Ford to kill the brand just last week .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's hard to generalize , but age seems to be the best predictor .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's hard to generalize .','Age seems to be the best predictor .')

Input: Adults under age 30 like sports cars , luxury cars , convertibles and imports far more than their elders do .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Adults under age 30 like sports cars far more than their elders do .','Adults under age 30 like luxury cars far more than their elders do .','Adults under age 30 like convertibles far more than their elders do .','Adults under age 30 like imports far more than their elders do .')

Input: That 's true of only 14 % of households headed by someone 60 or older .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That 's true of only 14 % of households .','Households were headed by someone 60 or older .')

Input: The competition is so intense that an owner 's loyalty to a dealership or a car is virtually nonexistent , says Mr. Negas , vice president of Ed Voyles Oldsmobile , one of the first dealerships to locate on the strip .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And you ca n't cut this chain with bolt cutters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with bolt cutters .','And you ca n't cut this chain .')

Input: The Big Board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Big Board says .','Program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks .')

Input: Salomon Brothers Inc. was the top program trader in September , but most of the firm 's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Salomon Brothers Inc. was the top program trader in September .','Most of the firm 's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage .')

Input: Behind second-place Morgan Stanley were Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was behind second-place .','Morgan Stanley were Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit .')

Input: The complaint , filed in federal district court , accuses Imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The complaint accuses Imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data .','The complaint is filed in federal district court .')

Input: Spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said .','The companies had n't yet been served with the suit .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consumers will be able to switch on their HDTV sets and get all the viewing benefits the high-tech medium offers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Consumers will be able to switch on their HDTV sets and get all the viewing benefits .','The high-tech medium offers all the viewing benefits .')

Input: It would be like watching a black and white movie on a color TV set , says Malcolm G. Saull , chairman of the film and video department at the Rochester Institute of Technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the potential market is tremendous , industry experts say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('And the potential market is tremendous .','This is what industry experts say .')

Input: Demand will come first from programming production companies and then from television stations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Demand will come first from programming production companies .','Demand will then from television stations .')

Input: The converter is head and shoulders above anything else I 've seen , says Richard J. Stumpf , vice president - engineering and development at MCA Inc. 's Universal City Studios .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And as it unfolds , it 's revealing some of the more tangled and seamier aspects of Japanese society .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It unfolds .','And , it 's revealing some of the more tangled and seamier aspects of Japanese society .')

Input: The opposition can be the most hurt because everyone already figures the LDP is that kind of beast , says Shigezo Hayasaka , former aide to LDP kingmaker Kakuei Tanaka and now an independent analyst .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pachinko is slightly on the shady side , often linked to the lower ranks of Japan 's underworld and regularly at the top of annual lists of tax evaders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To many Japanese , pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to many Japanese .','Pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory .')

Input: Garish neon pachinko marquees blaze from the main streets and narrow alleys of cities and towns across the country .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is across the country .','Garish neon pachinko marquees blaze from the main streets and narrow alleys of cities and towns .')

Input: But the total of all those pinging balls has created an industry with a reported annual income of 13 trillion yen -LRB- almost $ 92 billion -RRB- , or nearly the size of Japan 's vaunted automobile industry .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was with a reported annual income of 13 trillion yen -LRB- almost $ 92 billion -RRB- , or nearly the size of Japan 's vaunted automobile industry .','But the total of all those pinging balls has created an industry .')

Input: The Chosen Soren and the JSP immediately denied the report .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Chosen Soren immediately denied the report .','The JSP immediately denied the report .')

Input: The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But LDP members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But LDP members tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally .','But supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally .')

Input: But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Perlman started playing .','But , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... .')

Input: But I was n't ready for a career at that time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , You 've just got to get the -LCB- expletive deleted -RCB- out of there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on her hips .','As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher put her hands , stomped her foot and said , You 've just got to get the -LCB- expletive deleted -RCB- out of there .')

Input: We listened to the Chausson Poeme , he recalls , and she said , You hear the first note , that B-flat ?
Prediction: CO/LIST('We listened to the Chausson Poeme ? .',', She said , You hear the first note , that B-flat ? .')

Input: He did n't say much , but what he said was important because it 's not in the score .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('He did n't say much .','What he said was important because it 's not in the score .')

Input: And he yelled out dolce ! dolce ! -LCB- sweet ! sweet ! -RCB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. McDuffie 's sweet tone , heartfelt lyricism and rhythmic punch make him an ideal interpreter of both works .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDuffie is Mr. .','McDuffie 's sweet tone , heartfelt lyricism and rhythmic punch make him an ideal interpreter of both works .')

Input: But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections and virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections .','But there are virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani .')

Input: And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But what about the debt burden ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The ratio of consumer installment credit to disposable income , though up a bit , has n't climbed steeply , and such debt as a percent of household assets is little changed .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The ratio of consumer installment credit to disposable income , though up a bit , has n't climbed steeply .',', Such debt as a percent of household assets is little changed .')

Input: Maidenform Inc. loves to be intimate with its customers , but not with the rest of the public .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 67-year-old maker of brassieres , panties , and lingerie enjoys one of the best-known brand images , but its financial profile is closely guarded by members of the founding family .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The 67-year-old maker of brassieres , panties , and lingerie enjoys one of the best-known brand images .','Its financial profile is closely guarded by members of the founding family .')

Input: The intimate apparel industry is perceived to be a growth industry and clearly -LCB- Maidenform -RCB- is a force to be reckoned with , says David S. Leibowitz , a special situations analyst at American Securities Corp. in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And last year , Playtex Holdings Inc. went private for about $ 680 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Buy-out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent , says Executive Vice President David C. Masket , but they are n't taken very seriously .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Buy-out offers for Maidenform are n't infrequent .','They are n't taken very seriously .')

Input: The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland .','The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities .')

Input: But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces .','A more difficult battle because of economic forces have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 .')

Input: But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was to China .','But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans .')

Input: The Western government report 's first scenario assumes a 30 % reduction in foreign borrowing and a 5 % contraction in foreign direct investment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Western government report 's first scenario assumes a 30 % reduction in foreign borrowing .','The Western government report 's first scenario assumes a 5 % contraction in foreign direct investment .')

Input: But in either case , the report says , China 's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves , which are used to finance the imbalance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But in either case , the report says , China 's balance of payments would rapidly dry up foreign reserves .','Foreign reserves are used to finance the imbalance .')

Input: Carr-Lowrey , a maker of glass bottles for the cosmetics and toiletries industries , had sales last year of about $ 40 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carr-Lowrey was a maker of glass bottles for the cosmetics and toiletries industries .',', Carr-Lowrey had sales last year of about $ 40 million .')

Input: But he flies for Federal Express Corp. , perhaps the closest thing in corporate America to the Green Berets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Federal Express Corp. is perhaps the closest thing in corporate America .','But he flies for Federal Express Corp. to the Green Berets .')

Input: Federal 's employees work long hours and seem to thrive on the stress of racing the clock .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Federal 's employees work long hours .','Federal 's employees seem to thrive on the stress of racing the clock .')

Input: It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management .','Federal 's strongly anti-union management is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits .')

Input: Unions would have a profound effect on the whole culture of the company , says Bernard La Londe , a professor at Ohio State University at Columbus and a Federal consultant .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But though couriers work as many as 60 hours a week during the autumn rush , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum paycheck .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Couriers work as many as 60 hours a week during the autumn rush .','But , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum paycheck .')

Input: But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized .','Federal 's never have .')

Input: Analysts expect Federal 's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28 , when the company should begin benefiting from Tiger 's extra flights , back-up planes and landing rights .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts expect Federal 's earnings to improve again in its fiscal third quarter ending Feb. 28 .','When the company should begin benefiting from Tiger 's extra flights , back-up planes and landing rights .')

Input: And even some pro-union pilots say his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what even some pro-union pilots say .','His charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat .')

Input: A lot of people are identifying a vote for representation as a vote against Fred Smith , says J.X. Gollich , a Tiger-turned-Federal pilot and union activist .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They were willing to mistreat us because we had n't shown any moxie , any resistance , says William Queenan , a DC-10 pilot and 14-year Federal veteran .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And for now , at least , the competition is n't the only enemy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least .','And for now the competition is n't the only enemy .')

Input: The pilots are either for us or extremely against us , he says with a sigh .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are plenty of worse inspirations for shows -- and most of them had already made the fall lineup :
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are plenty of worse inspirations for shows : .','Most of them had already made the fall lineup : .')

Input: A bunch of tans and bathing suits posing as lovable lifeguards .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Week by week on Mancuso FBI -LRB- NBC , Fridays , 10 p.m . ET -RRB- , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Fridays are 10 p.m . ET .','Week by week on Mancuso FBI -LRB- NBC , Fridays -RRB- , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI .')

Input: The usual suspects are found to be guilty , then not guilty , then guilty -- but of a different crime .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was then not guilty .','The usual suspects are found to be guilty then guilty -- but of a different crime .')

Input: Three were chauffeurs for J. Edgar Hoover , and two cleaned his house .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Three were chauffeurs for J. Edgar Hoover .','Two cleaned his house .')

Input: Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist .','Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a softy with a secret crush on truth .','Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart justice .','Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart the American Way .')

Input: To start , there 's always a crisis -- and someone always worries , What if the press gets a hold of this ?
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to start .','There 's always a crisis -- and someone always worries , What if the press gets a hold of this ? .')

Input: Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Anchorage .','Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars .')

Input: And Mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his lungs : How the hell can you live with yourself ? he erupts at a politician .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You built your career on prejudice and hate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on prejudice and hate .','You built your career .')

Input: And , at least once a show , someone delivers the line Get off that soapbox .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at least once a show .','And someone delivers the line Get off that soapbox .')

Input: It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It was a profoundly moving moment for series television .','Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence .')

Input: Tana , which holds properties in 17 oil and gas fields in south Texas , will provide Texaco with mostly gas reserves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Tana will provide Texaco with mostly gas reserves .','Tana holds properties in 17 oil and gas fields in south Texas .')

Input: The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas .','The fields contain recoverable reserves of four million barrels of oil .')

Input: They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain .','This was what the company said .')

Input: Texaco , like many other oil companies , has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was like many other oil companies .','Texaco has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves .')

Input: But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he estimated .','A raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months .')

Input: Gen. Scowcroft does n't plan to increase the staff right now , but is weighing that possibility , the official adds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Scowcroft is Gen. .',', Scowcroft does n't plan to increase the staff right now , but is weighing that possibility , the official adds .')

Input: In practice , the director of central intelligence and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also serve as unofficial members .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in practice .','The director of central intelligence and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also serve as unofficial members .')

Input: But neither has an extensive background in Latin America , the Middle East or Asia .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But neither has an extensive background in Latin America .','But neither has an extensive background in the Middle East .','But neither has an extensive background in Asia .')

Input: And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a My Favorite Bureaucrat plaque and offered each of two runners-up $ 500 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a My Favorite Bureaucrat plaque .','And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he offered each of two runners-up $ 500 .')

Input: Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets .','Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance .')

Input: In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations .')

Input: But the talks on a heavy truck alliance apparently did n't go far .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last year , the top 12 players on each NFL team took home an average $ 536,000 , a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('An average $ 536,000 was a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball .','Last year , the top 12 players on each NFL team took home an average $ 536,000 .')

Input: One team pays so much and the other pays more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He continues to reshuffle the team , trading famed running back Herschel Walker to the Minnesota Vikings this month for a slew of players and future draft picks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Trading famed running back Herschel Walker to the Minnesota Vikings this month for a slew of players and future draft picks were the team .','He continues to reshuffle the team .')

Input: It 's simple , says Lamar Hunt , who owns the Kansas City Chiefs and last year raised ticket prices by $ 2.40 to an average $ 17 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Soon , only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams , predicts John J. Veatch Jr. , an investment banker with Salomon Brothers who handled the Cowboys sale .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The NFL Players Association , meanwhile , contends that athletes are paid a wage commensurate with their ability to draw fans , and that some owners are in financial trouble because of poor business management , not players ' salaries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was meanwhile .','The NFL Players Association contends that athletes are paid a wage commensurate with their ability to draw fans , and that some owners are in financial trouble because of poor business management , not players ' salaries .')

Input: We have the worst lease in the NFL , contends Michael B. McCaskey , the president of the Chicago Bears and a grandson of George Halas , who founded the NFL 's predecessor organization .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans , and only a small number can be accommodated .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We 're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans .','Only a small number can be accommodated .')

Input: But his complaint that Days of Rage does n't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This film did emphasize how long the Israeli\/Palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of World War I when the British tried to guarantee both a Jewish state and a Palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This film did emphasize .','The Israeli\/Palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of World War I when the British tried to guarantee both a Jewish state and a Palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done .')

Input: Well , Days of Rage airing with before-and-after packaging , and after repeated delays , was a beginning .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Well , Days of Rage , was a beginning .','Rage was airing with before-and-after packaging , and after repeated delays .')

Input: Under the deficit-reduction law , 4.3 % of the Pentagon 's money and 5.3 % of other agencies ' money has been canceled .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was under the deficit-reduction law .','4.3 % of the Pentagon 's money and 5.3 % of other agencies ' money has been canceled .')

Input: But some Wall Street executives argue that such fears are unwarranted .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some Wall Street executives argue .',', Such fears are unwarranted .')

Input: Sources in the industry and on Capitol Hill say a compromise that would placate the industry while addressing the SEC 's concerns may be possible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sources in the industry and on Capitol Hill say a compromise .','A compromise would placate the industry while addressing the SEC 's concerns may be possible .')

Input: I 've organized a series of exchanges , exhibitions and other continuing projects between Cuban and American artists .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 've organized a series of exchanges .','I 've organized a series of exhibitions .','I 've organized a series of other continuing projects between Cuban and American artists .')

Input: Every broker has blocks of every size and maturity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rumors persisted last week that New York 's credit ratings -- single-A from Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-minus from Standard & Poor 's Corp. -- are at risk .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rumors persisted last week .','New York 's credit ratings -- single-A from Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A-minus from Standard & Poor 's Corp. -- are at risk .')

Input: There are also questions about whether a new and inexperienced mayor can manage the city through what could become a financial crisis .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the controversy has led to uncertainty about the outcome of the election .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about the outcome of the election .','And the controversy has led to uncertainty .')

Input: The $ 5.9 million payment was due Oct. 1 and the deadline for default was Oct. 19 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The $ 5.9 million payment was due Oct. 1 .','The deadline for default was Oct. 19 .')

Input: However a Qintex Australia spokesman said his firm had never promised or guaranteed to make the payment .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Qintex Australia spokesman said .','His firm had never promised or guaranteed to make the payment .')

Input: The report of the bankruptcy filing stunned Hollywood executives and investors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Qintex Australia was going to pay more than $ 1 billion for MGM\/UA and then they could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 5.9 million .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('Qintex Australia was going to pay more than $ 1 billion for MGM\/UA .','They could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 5.9 million .')

Input: It is n't a current topic of conversation at the company , said Barry Diller , chairman and chief executive officer of the Fox Inc. unit of News Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: France 's national tobacco company , known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes , is branching out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('France 's national tobacco company is branching out .','France 's national tobacco company is known for making brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises and Gitanes .')

Input: Seita and Matra currently are negotiating with city officials for the right to begin service .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(', Seita and Matra currently are negotiating with city officials for the right .','This is to begin service .')

Input: And Seita is considering further diversification .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While Seita retains a manufacturing monopoly in France , it is being hurt by rising imports and from waning cigarette demand .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Seita retains a manufacturing monopoly in France .','It is being hurt by rising imports and from waning cigarette demand .')

Input: When the Supreme Court upheld Missouri 's abortion restrictions last July , the justices almost certainly did n't have drunk driving , trespassing and false imprisonment on their minds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Supreme Court upheld Missouri 's abortion restrictions last July .','The justices almost certainly did n't have drunk driving , trespassing and false imprisonment on their minds .')

Input: But the 5-4 ruling may have had as much immediate impact on those activities -- especially trespassing -- as on abortion rights .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on those activities -- especially trespassing -- .','But the 5-4 ruling may have had as much immediate impact as on abortion rights .')

Input: But the Supreme Court concluded that it was premature to rule on the constitutionality of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the Supreme Court concluded .','It was premature to rule on the constitutionality of the preamble because the definition of human life had n't yet been used to restrict abortion services .')

Input: The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people .','It can torture and kill people .')

Input: Beheading small children , stabbing elderly people to death , raping and shooting women , and burying people alive are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to death .','Beheading small children , stabbing elderly people , raping and shooting women , and burying people alive are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years .')

Input: The U.S. 's interest in Somalia consists of a single runway at the port of Berbera , which U.S. military aircraft have the right to use for surveillance of the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The U.S. 's interest in Somalia consists of a single runway at the port of Berbera .','U.S. military aircraft have the right to use for surveillance of the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean a single runway at the port of Berbera .')

Input: That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food -- maintain radio contact with the outside world .','That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by cold soft drinks -- maintain radio contact with the outside world .','That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world .')

Input: But due to dramatic events on the battlefield over the past few days and weeks , those Soviet bases may soon be as endangered and as lonely as the American runway .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The U.S. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is therefore .','The U.S. has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa .')

Input: What 's more , the U.S. has suspended $ 2.5 million in military aid and $ 1 million in economic aid .
Prediction: CO/LIST('What 's more , the U.S. has suspended $ 2.5 million in military aid .','What 's more , the U.S. has suspended $ 1 million in economic aid .')

Input: Nobody is sure what will come next in Somalia or whom the successor might be .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated , secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the U.S. has one great advantage : The Soviets are universally loathed throughout Ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- famine and all .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the U.S. has one great advantage : The Soviets are universally loathed throughout Ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- famine .','But the U.S. has one great advantage : The Soviets are universally loathed throughout Ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- all .')

Input: The only U.S. liability in the region is what remains of the link to Mr. Barre , and that should be cut fast .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Barre was Mr. .','The only U.S. liability in the region is what remains of the link to Barre , and that should be cut fast .')

Input: McCormick is a developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The rise followed boosts of 0.1 % in August , 0.7 % in July and 0.6 % in June .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The rise followed boosts of 0.1 % in August .','The rise followed boosts of 0.7 % in July .','The rise followed boosts of 0.6 % in June .')

Input: Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year .','Most member nations are running flat out .')

Input: But industry and OPEC officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what industry and OPEC officials agree .','A handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters .')

Input: But it is estimated that at least three million barrels a day -- and possibly as much as seven million barrels a day -- of spare capacity still exists within OPEC .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it is estimated .','At least three million barrels a day -- and possibly as much as seven million barrels a day -- of spare capacity still exists within OPEC .')

Input: Even modest amounts of additional output by those with the huge extra capacity and reserves , such as Saudi Arabia and Iraq , could upset the market .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is such as Saudi Arabia and Iraq .','Even modest amounts of additional output by those with the huge extra capacity and reserves could upset the market .')

Input: Previously , no OPEC member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was previously .','No OPEC member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling .')

Input: But the concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity , advanced there in an Iranian proposal , was generally endorsed by the ministers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity was generally endorsed by the ministers .','The concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity was advanced there in an Iranian proposal .')

Input: But the oil ministers continue to study the plan , and it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month 's meeting .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the oil ministers continue to study the plan .','But it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month 's meeting .')

Input: The ceiling would be lifted to 21.5 million barrels to provide Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates much higher official quotas while reducing percentage shares of some others .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The ceiling would be lifted to 21.5 million barrels .','This was to provide Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates much higher official quotas while reducing percentage shares of some others .')

Input: But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Fuel and personnel costs are rising .','Tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing .')

Input: There also is concern that once Hong Kong reverts to China 's sovereignty in 1997 , Cathay will be forced to play second fiddle to China 's often-disparaged flag carrier , Civil Aviation Administration of China , or CAAC .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ms. Hall expects Cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hall is Ms. .','Hall expects Cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next .')

Input: Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some jobs already have been moved to Australia .','There are plans to place others in Canada .')

Input: But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is into our own business rather than someone else 's .','But we 'd rather put funds .')

Input: But this way , American will coordinate good extensions to Boston , New York , Chicago and Dallas .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is to Boston , New York , Chicago and Dallas .','But this way , American will coordinate good extensions .')

Input: We 'll coordinate on this end to places like Bangkok , Singapore and Manila .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is to places like Bangkok , Singapore and Manila .','We 'll coordinate on this end .')

Input: But critics fret that post-1997 officials ultimately will be responsible to Beijing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But critics fret .','Post-1997 officials ultimately will be responsible to Beijing .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: In the hard-hit Marina neighborhood , life after the earthquake is often all too real , but sometimes surreal .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in the hard-hit Marina neighborhood .','Life after the earthquake is often all too real , but sometimes surreal .')

Input: A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by , headphones jauntily in place , weaving their way along a street of fractured and fallen houses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is along a street of fractured and fallen houses .','A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by , headphones jauntily in place , weaving their way .')

Input: She bursts into tears and walks away .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She bursts into tears .',', She walks away .')

Input: She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and aroma therapy -- massages with scented oils .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and aroma therapy -- massages with scented oils .',', Some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and aroma therapy -- massages with scented oils .')

Input: She finds the response of Marina residents -- primarily yuppies and elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes incredible .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', She finds the response of Marina residents -- primarily yuppies -- to the devastation of their homes incredible .',', She finds the response of Marina residents -- primarily elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes incredible .')

Input: Reds and yellows went about their business with a kind of measured grimness .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a kind of measured grimness .','Reds and yellows went about their business .')

Input: The Marina also has become the focal point of city efforts to reunite residents with any pets that may have fled or become lost during the earthquake .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The Marina also has become the focal point of city efforts .','This was to reunite residents with any pets that may have fled or become lost during the earthquake .')

Input: She can stay there with no heat , but for a parakeet , that can be deadly , says Daralee Konowitch , animalcare services manager for the SPCA .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But turn into the shopping center 's parking lot .','But one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb .')

Input: The center improves the community image to outsiders as well , and may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The center improves the community image to outsiders as well .','The center may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment .')

Input: And that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on sales , real estate , licenses and the like .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on sales .','And that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on real estate .','And that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on licenses .','And that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on the like .')

Input: What had been a deteriorated area with nothing but wig shops and shoe shops is now experiencing a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock , thanks to a continuously replenished source of revitalization capital that Vermont-Slauson yields .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock were thanks to a continuously replenished source of revitalization capital .','What had been a deteriorated area with nothing but wig shops and shoe shops is now experiencing a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock that Vermont-Slauson yields .')

Input: Another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Another benefit is .',', Substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women .')

Input: Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes time , patience , breadth of vision and negotiating skills that not all developers possess .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes time .','Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes patience .','Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes breadth of vision .','Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes negotiating skills that not all developers possess .')

Input: One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , local political leaders , and citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing .
Prediction: CO/LIST('One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing .','One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with local political leaders , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing .','One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing .')

Input: Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner-city deals just have more of them .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications .','Inner-city deals just have more of them .')

Input: Security at a typical Haagen inner-city center is impressive , but unobtrusive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on round-the-clock duty at each center .','Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel .')

Input: Many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Many of these programs no longer exist .','Many of these programs have been severely cut back .')

Input: These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , identifying sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning and for acquiring a site and preparing it .','Project planning was identifying sources of funds .')

Input: New approaches to mall design and operation make it possible to tap these markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The risks and rewards are reasonable .','Developers will respond .')

Input: PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities and had 1988 sales of $ 234 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities .','PSE had 1988 sales of $ 234 million .')

Input: The company is owner and operator , or an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas and four in California .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The company is owner and operator .','The company is an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas and four in California .')

Input: Some stock pickers already are targeting the OTC market , where , they say , await plenty of small - and medium-sized growth stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some stock pickers already are targeting .','The OTC market , where , they say , await plenty of small - and medium-sized growth stocks .')

Input: Growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters caused by the market 's steep slide on Oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters .','The jitters were caused by the market 's steep slide on Oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements .')

Input: Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is against such a backdrop .',', Companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal .')

Input: The market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , declares Mary Farrell , a PaineWebber analyst .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Smaller-stock earnings , by comparison , rose between 15 % and 20 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by comparison .',', Smaller-stock earnings rose between 15 % and 20 % .')

Input: As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a result .','Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % .')

Input: The Nasdaq Composite has gained 23 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 100 largest nonfinancial stocks , which have soared 30 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Nasdaq Composite has gained 23 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 100 largest nonfinancial stocks .','The 100 largest nonfinancial stocks have soared 30 % .')

Input: Among his favorites in his firm 's index are Legent , Silicon Graphics and Novell .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mark Schoeppner , portfolio manager at Pittsburgh-based Quaker Capital Management , says that in reaction to nervousness about debt-laden buy-out transactions , analysts and investors now appear to be valuing stock based on future earnings as opposed to the amount of debt the company can support .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mark Schoeppner was portfolio manager at Pittsburgh-based Quaker Capital Management .','Mark Schoeppner says that in reaction to nervousness about debt-laden buy-out transactions , analysts and investors now appear to be valuing stock based on future earnings as opposed to the amount of debt the company can support .')

Input: The medical devices maker 's earnings rose nearly 35 % in 1987 from 1986 , and 75 % in 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The medical devices maker 's earnings rose nearly 35 % in 1987 from 1986 .','The medical devices maker 's earnings rose 75 % in 1988 .')

Input: LIN added 5\/8 to 110 5\/8 and McCaw lost 1\/4 to 41 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('LIN added 5\/8 to 1105\/8 .','McCaw lost 1\/4 to 41 .')

Input: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: For bankers and regulators , Arizona is looking more like Texas every day .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for bankers and regulators .','Arizona is looking more like Texas every day .')

Input: And the generally frail condition of Arizona 's lenders means there is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the generally frail condition of Arizona 's lenders means .','There is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide .')

Input: It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , said Mr. Jackson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Commercial paper holders have reinvested their funds , he said , and consumer deposits have been up in the last few days .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Commercial paper holders have reinvested their funds .',', Consumer deposits have been up in the last few days .')

Input: But in certain conditions such as autoimmune diseases and allergies and transplant rejection , doctors would like to damp the immune response so such cells do n't touch off harmful inflammatory reactions or cell destruction .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But in certain conditions such as autoimmune diseases and allergies and transplant rejection , doctors would like to damp the immune response so such cells do n't touch off harmful inflammatory reactions .','But in certain conditions such as autoimmune diseases and allergies and transplant rejection , doctors would like to damp the immune response so such cells do n't touch off cell destruction .')

Input: Immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Heller Financial Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Fuji Bank Ltd. , shelf offering of up to $ 1 billion debt securities and warrants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: MCI Communications Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 750 million of debt securities via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Compaq had achieved that level of sales faster than any previous manufacturing start-up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was faster than any previous manufacturing start-up .','But Compaq had achieved that level of sales .')

Input: And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner 's heels .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each of the three drives uses a mere 1.5 watts of power and one weighs just 5.5 ounces .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Each of the three drives uses .','A mere 1.5 watts of power and one weighs just 5.5 ounces .')

Input: Most of our competitors are announcing products based on our -LRB- older -RRB- products , said Finis Conner , chief executive officer and founder of the firm that bears his name .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he says Cane & Associates does n't receive referral fees .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .',', Cane & Associates does n't receive referral fees .')

Input: The firm is getting about 50 calls a day , and the average call lasts about 15 minutes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The firm is getting about 50 calls a day .','The average call lasts about 15 minutes .')

Input: The Garcias were cleared of four other felony counts , involving the receipt of bribes and gratuities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was involving the receipt of bribes and gratuities .','The Garcias were cleared of four other felony counts .')

Input: Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the professional-design community .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice .','A substantial practice serving the professional-design community .')

Input: Both Philip Morris and Backer Spielvogel declined to comment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Most unusual will be water-borne commuters from the East Bay towns of Oakland and Berkeley .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the first time in 32 years , ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first time in 32 years .','Ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco .')

Input: Other cities are calling -LCB- groups booked here for tours and conferences -RCB- and -- not to be crass -- stealing our booking list , said Scott Shafer , a spokesman for Mayor Art Agnos .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bond Corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Bond Corp. has interests in brewing .','Bond Corp. has interests in media and communications .','Bond Corp. has interests in natural resources .','Bond Corp. has interests in property .')

Input: Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets and those of its units .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets .','Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of those of its units .')

Input: It has sold billions of dollars of other assets and has more on the block .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It has sold billions of dollars of other assets .','It has more on the block .')

Input: But we 're out there and we 're going to stay in business .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But we 're out there .','But we 're going to stay in business .')

Input: Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bond Corp. signaled .','It will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses .')

Input: The result will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , Bond Corp. directors said in a statement .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The result will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure .','This was what Bond Corp. directors said in a statement .')

Input: Still , the directors said , Having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely that the company is solvent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Still , the directors said , Having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely .','The company is solvent .')

Input: The reason was not high interest rates or labor costs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The owner was Israel Ortiz , a 29-year-old entrepreneur and father of two .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The owner was Israel Ortiz .','The owner was a 29-year-old entrepreneur .','The owner was father of two .')

Input: The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The second time he identified two robbers .','Two robbers were arrested and charged .')

Input: For providing what his customers described as very personal and helpful service .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His customers were providing what .','His customers described as very personal and helpful service .')

Input: Only a few other occupations have higher reported rates of criminal injury , such as police , bartenders and taxi drivers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as police , bartenders and taxi drivers .','Only a few other occupations have higher reported rates of criminal injury .')

Input: It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire .','It analyzed 353 responses .')

Input: Crime was the reason that 26 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 19 % said they were considering moving .
Prediction: NONE

Input: More than one-third of the responding businesses said they suffer from drug dealing and loitering near their premises .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what more than one-third of the responding businesses said .','They suffer from drug dealing and loitering near their premises .')

Input: Small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs , if crime were not so harmful to creating and maintaining those businesses .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(', Small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs .',', Crime were not so harmful to creating and maintaining those businesses .')

Input: This may help explain why small businesses create 65 % of all jobs nationally , but only 22 % of jobs in a crime-ridden city like New York .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This may help explain .',', Small businesses create 65 % of all jobs nationally , but only 22 % of jobs in a crime-ridden city like New York .')

Input: Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass .','This is to regulate access to these quasi-public places .')

Input: But this raises added cost barriers to urban entrepreneurship .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to urban entrepreneurship .','But this raises added cost barriers .')

Input: They will have to revisit this issue , and they 'll have to revisit it before long .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They will have to revisit this issue .','They 'll have to revisit it before long .')

Input: But several other types of funds shielded investors from the worst of the market 's slide .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the worst of the market 's slide .','But several other types of funds shielded investors .')

Input: That means stocks , bonds , money market instruments and real estate .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That means stocks .','That means bonds .','That means money market instruments .','That means real estate .')

Input: What you want to know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's this car going to perform ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: By the time the market plummeted 10 days ago , Monetta was 55 % in cash , said Robert Bacarella , president and portfolio manager .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There 's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction or the exact stake that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents .','Officials declined to disclose the value of the exact stake that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents .')

Input: He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The carpets wo n't be glued down , and walls will be coated with nontoxic finishes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The carpets wo n't be glued down .','Walls will be coated with nontoxic finishes .')

Input: At his first school in the U.S. he was thought a little strange for shutting off open water taps and admonishing his schoolmates to take only brief showers .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was at his first school in the U.S. .','He was thought a little strange for shutting off open water taps and admonishing his schoolmates to take only brief showers .')

Input: Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets , and the desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Jute , rather than a synthetic material , lies under the tacked-down carpets .','The desks are of wood and granite instead of plastic .')

Input: Economists and administrators sit along a boulevard with street lamps and ficus trees .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But , she says , I guess I did n't really notice the trees .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i guess .','I did n't really notice the trees .')

Input: Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough 's environmental concern .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('McDonough is Mr. .','Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of McDonough 's environmental concern .')

Input: The pollution is also killing forests and destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The pollution is also killing forests .','The pollution is also destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages .')

Input: Pittston Co. 's third-quarter net income plunged 79 % , reflecting the impact of a prolonged and bitter labor strike at its coal operations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Pittston Co. 's third-quarter net income plunged 79 % .','Pittston Co. 's third-quarter net income was reflecting the impact of a prolonged and bitter labor strike at its coal operations .')

Input: Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period .','Brink 's operating profit was reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures .')

Input: And now , at the crucial moment , he 's running out of money .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the crucial moment .','And now he 's running out of money .')

Input: But it has n't worked out that way .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I guess we 'll reluctantly go ahead and do it , vote for Dinkins , says Richard Wade , a politically active professor who supported Richard Ravitch , an also-ran in the Democratic primary .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And hardly surprising , many residents trying to cope with the city 's other problems are constantly on edge , one ethnic group scrapping with another .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His general-election campaign is almost Reagan-like , all muted pictures and comforting words .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But our polls show .','Voters do n't like the attack stuff .')

Input: It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the'breakup value of the shares and their market value .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the ` breakup value of the shares .','It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the ` breakup value of their market value .')

Input: He evades and ducks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He evades .','He ducks .')

Input: He 's had a history of deception and this is the latest chapter .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He 's had a history of deception .','This is the latest chapter .')

Input: Neither Mr. Hnilica , Mr. Carboni nor Vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Hnilica was Mr. .','Neither Hnilica , Carboni nor Vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend .')

Input: But the deal fell apart last week for lack of financing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Messrs. Lee and Bynoe will manage the Nuggets ' day-today affairs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lee is Messrs. .','Lee and Bynoe will manage the Nuggets ' day-today affairs .')

Input: Royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 8 % stake in Realist .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Royal owns an 8 % stake in Realist .','Royal makes and distributes business forms .')

Input: Royal 's suit contends that the Ammann acquisition was designed to entrench management and thwart Royal 's offer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Royal 's suit contends .','The Ammann acquisition was designed to entrench management and thwart Royal 's offer .')

Input: The company attributed the decline to consumers ' concern over interest rates and gas prices -- two key expenses for RV buyers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to consumers ' concern .','The company attributed the decline over interest rates and gas prices -- two key expenses for RV buyers .')

Input: And he said the weakness could continue in the first half of next year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The weakness could continue in the first half of next year .')

Input: The dividend cut will prove most costly for John K. Hanson , Winnebago 's founder and chairman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('John K. Hanson is Winnebago 's founder and chairman .','The dividend cut will prove most costly for John K. Hanson .')

Input: Add it all up and it means that the Fed has a little leeway to ease its credit policy stance without the risk of rekindling inflation , said Norman Robertson , chief economist at Mellon Bank Corp. , Pittsburgh .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Kochan also likes long-term , investment-grade corporate bonds and long-term Treasurys .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kochan is Mr. .','Kochan also likes long-term , investment-grade corporate bonds and long-term Treasurys .')

Input: TVA , in its first public debt offering in 15 years , sold $ 4 billion of long-term and intermediate-term securities last week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its first public debt offering in 15 years .','TVA sold $ 4 billion of long-term and intermediate-term securities last week .')

Input: Today , the Treasury Department will sell $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills at the regular weekly auction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the regular weekly auction .','Today , the Treasury Department will sell $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills .')

Input: When the size of the Refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began , the bailout bonds were yielding about 1\/20 percentage point more than the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But once the new securities are digested , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The new securities are digested .','But , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data .')

Input: Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to Treasurys .','Also providing support was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks .')

Input: The conditions include not misrepresenting how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds to directory advertisers if any misrepresentations are involved in the sale .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to directory advertisers .','The conditions include not misrepresenting how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds if any misrepresentations are involved in the sale .')

Input: Morgan , Toronto-Dominion and Provident are leading that syndicate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Beijing lawmakers have called for jails to be built to house prostitutes and for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces or coerces women into prostitution .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Beijing lawmakers have called for jails .','This was to be built to house prostitutes and for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces or coerces women into prostitution .')

Input: East Germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit juices .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit juices .','East Germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption .')

Input: He added that shops will have to continue reducing their stocks of liquor and avoid displaying them too prominently in the window .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He added .',', Shops will have to continue reducing their stocks of liquor and avoid displaying them too prominently in the window .')

Input: But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , the suspension of loans and export credits from foreign governments and institutions following the June killings have been a big setback .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','The suspension of loans and export credits from foreign governments and institutions following the June killings have been a big setback .')

Input: In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in recent weeks .',', China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities .')

Input: The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade set up a special bureau last month to monitor the issue of import and export licenses .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade set up a special bureau last month .','This was to monitor the issue of import and export licenses .')

Input: But the strategy is n't helping much this time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level , foreign traders say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level .','This is what foreign traders say .')

Input: Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds .','It ca n't do that any longer .')

Input: Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what foreign traders say .','Many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit .')

Input: And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation .','But the shortages also spawned spiraling prices .')

Input: The fund 's purpose is to provide quick and adequate relief .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bar associations and consultants are offering more programs to teach associates all they need to know about law but did n't learn in law school .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Bar associations and consultants are offering more programs .','This was to teach associates all they need to know about law but did n't learn in law school .')

Input: Law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering , says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff with respect .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with respect .',', Students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff .')

Input: At the Baltimore firm of Weinberg & Green , new corporate and banking associates are required to enroll in a 20-class course .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was at the Baltimore firm of Weinberg & Green .','New corporate and banking associates are required to enroll in a 20-class course .')

Input: Partners lecture on how to form corporations , draft agreements and defend clients against unwanted tender offers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There will be recreation and movie rooms .
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision , Mr. Edelman says , and an average of 1,500 new children are added each month .
Prediction: CO/LIST('About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision .','An average of 1,500 new children are added each month .')

Input: Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , the legislation reads , and the new obligations shall not be a charge against the Budget Act , Gramm-Rudman-Hollings , or other ceilings .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(', Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , the legislation reads , and the new obligations shall not be a charge against the Budget Act .',', Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , the legislation reads , and the new obligations shall not be a charge against Gramm-Rudman-Hollings .',', Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , the legislation reads , and the new obligations shall not be a charge against other ceilings .')

Input: Then , the all-too-sincere opportunism of the 1970s and 1980s .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They seem to be having the worst of both worlds : artistic work with none of art 's integrity and no control over the finished product ; self-employment without fun or profit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They seem to be having the worst of both worlds : artistic work with none of art 's integrity ; self-employment without fun or profit .','They seem to be having the worst of both worlds : artistic work with no control over the finished product ; self-employment without fun or profit .')

Input: The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a middle way between the extremes of success and failure , wealth and poverty .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a middle way between the extremes of success .','The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a middle way between the extremes of failure , wealth and poverty .')

Input: But readers may well feel the pangs of recognition .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In any case , the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in any case .','The foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction .')

Input: Patrician , dynamic Scott Thatcher , founder and head of PegaSys , initially finds the takeover threat risible .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Patrician , dynamic Scott Thatcher is founder and head of PegaSys .','Patrician , dynamic Scott Thatcher initially finds the takeover threat risible .')

Input: And like a spy or mystery story , this novel has strong elements of allegory , as the good and evil forces battle it out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And like a spy or mystery story , this novel has strong elements of allegory .','The good and evil forces battle it out .')

Input: Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business , such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment .','Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business .')

Input: The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan are spending .','The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what other prospective competitors are spending .')

Input: The Commerce Department estimates that Japanese government and industry spending on HDTV research is already over $ 1 billion .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Commerce Department estimates .','Japanese government and industry spending on HDTV research is already over $ 1 billion .')

Input: We do n't see a domestic source for some of our -LCB- HDTV -RCB- requirements , and that 's a source of concern , says Michael Kelly , director of DARPA 's defense manufacturing office .
Prediction: NONE

Input: HDTV already has some military applications , such as creating realistic flight simulations and transmitting information to combat commanders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is such as creating realistic flight simulations and transmitting information to combat commanders .','HDTV already has some military applications .')

Input: The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers .','The Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks .')

Input: The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits .','HDTV because of the benefits could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries .')

Input: Each claims to possess the right technology and wants just a bit more money to make it commercial .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Each claims to possess the right technology .','Each wants just a bit more money to make it commercial .')

Input: They also want U.S. trade policy to reflect the Pentagon and Commerce department 's concern over their future .
Prediction: NONE

Input: SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor .',', SHV was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah .')

Input: Burmah said it had n't held any discussions with SHV and that no deal of any nature is in contemplation .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Burmah said .','It had n't held any discussions with SHV and that no deal of any nature is in contemplation .')

Input: Factoring involves the purchase and collection of another company 's receivables .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Security Pacific 's factoring business works with companies in the apparel , textile and food industries , among others .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among others .',', Security Pacific 's factoring business works with companies in the apparel , textile and food industries .')

Input: The upper echelon of this group were shares of the nifty 50 companies whose profits of the 1960s and early 1970s grew steadily , if not spectacularly , through thick and thin .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was if not spectacularly .','The upper echelon of this group were shares of the nifty 50 companies whose profits of the 1960s and early 1970s grew steadily through thick and thin .')

Input: The question for investors is , how to protect these returns and yet reach a little for additional gains .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The question for investors is .','This is to protect these returns and yet reach a little for additional gains .')

Input: The period when growth stocks should be performing well is when their earnings are growing at a superior rate to the general level of corporate profits , says Stephen Boesel , president of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income Fund .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And they will again , say money-manager proponents of the growth-stock theme .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper , Dow Chemical , Quantum Chemical , International Business Machines and Digital Equipment .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper .','He recently trimmed his portfolio of Dow Chemical .','He recently trimmed his portfolio of Quantum Chemical .','He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Business Machines .','He recently trimmed his portfolio of Digital Equipment .')

Input: But there were fewer price swings than expected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there were fewer price swings .','Fewer price swings were expected .')

Input: The S&P 500 rose 4 % , the Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % and the New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The S&P 500 rose 4 % .','The Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % .','The New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % .')

Input: Unocal fell 1 1\/2 to 52 1\/4 and Burlington Resources declined 7\/8 to 45 5\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Unocal fell 11\/2 to 521\/4 .','Burlington Resources declined 7\/8 to 455\/8 .')

Input: Both Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: International Paper dropped 5\/8 to 51 , Georgia-Pacific fell 1 3\/4 to 56 1\/4 , Stone Container tumbled 1 1\/2 to 26 5\/8 , Great Northern Nekoosa went down 5\/8 to 38 3\/8 and Weyerhaeuser lost 7\/8 to 28 1\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('International Paper dropped 5\/8 to 51 .','Georgia-Pacific fell 13\/4 to 561\/4 .',', Stone Container tumbled 11\/2 to 265\/8 .','Great Northern Nekoosa went down 5\/8 to 383\/8 .','Weyerhaeuser lost 7\/8 to 281\/8 .')

Input: Merrill Lynch cut its rating and 1990 earnings estimate Thursday , citing weakness in its credit-rating business .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Merrill Lynch cut its rating and 1990 earnings estimate Thursday .','Merrill Lynch was citing weakness in its credit-rating business .')

Input: Stoneridge Resources Inc. said it will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 2.6 million common shares and valued at $ 22,750,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Stoneridge Resources Inc. said .','It will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 2.6 million common shares and valued at $ 22,750,000 .')

Input: Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132,620,000 of housing mortgage revenue -LRB- AMT and non-AMT -RRB- bonds , via a PaineWebber group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: West Virginia Parkways Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via a PaineWebber group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ; Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. ; Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .','The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. .','The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Goldman , Sachs & Co. .','The debt will include medium-term notes sold through Salomon Brothers Inc .')

Input: The funds will be used for refinancing existing debt of the Washington , D.C. , concern at lower interest rates and for other general purposes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The change will result in a charge of about $ 8.5 million , or 82 cents a share , because of an increase in deferred income-tax liability .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The change will result in a charge of about $ 8.5 million because of an increase in deferred income-tax liability .','The change will result in a charge of 82 cents a share , because of an increase in deferred income-tax liability .')

Input: Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds
Prediction: NONE

Input: The complaint alleges that the price is unfair and grossly inadequate and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a lockup of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the complaint alleges .','That the price is unfair and grossly inadequate and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a lockup of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids .')

Input: The fund invests mainly in gold and silver bullion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes UAL stock should trade closer to
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he believes at that level , and given the uncertainty .','UAL stock should trade closer to .')

Input: That leaves the pilots still in need of cash totaling around $ 1 billion -- far more than either they or the flight attendants can lay their hands on from retirement funds alone .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is still in need of cash totaling around $ 1 billion -- far more than either they or the flight attendants can lay their hands on from retirement funds alone .','That leaves the pilots .')

Input: Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last year , Eastern had a quarter loss of $ 1.7 million , or eight cents a share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Last year , Eastern had a quarter loss of $ 1.7 million .','Last year , Eastern had a quarter loss of eight cents a share .')

Input: Earlier this month , Convex made a bid to outflank other supercomputer competitors like Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. by adopting an open set of standards and introducing new hardware and software to link different systems .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Earlier this month , Convex made a bid to outflank other supercomputer competitors like Digital Equipment Corp. by adopting an open set of standards and introducing new hardware and software to link different systems .','Earlier this month , Convex made a bid to outflank other supercomputer competitors like International Business Machines Corp. by adopting an open set of standards and introducing new hardware and software to link different systems .')

Input: But the customer does n't want that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses .','But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest .')

Input: While Saatchi 's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts , its smaller businesses are quite attractive .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Saatchi 's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts .','Its smaller businesses are quite attractive .')

Input: In a statement , Grand Met said its recent growth and wider geographic spread made it necessary to create the new position .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Grand Met said in a statement .','Its recent growth and wider geographic spread made it necessary to create the new position .')

Input: It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Baltimore was Dr. .','It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Baltimore 's impending appointment .')

Input: Scientists are mistaken who still think that the anti-science movement in this country is n't their concern or that a David Baltimore could have somehow placated a John Dingell .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is primarly about establishing new knowledge or doing good , today it is also about power .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bill gets signed into law and then the administration watches helplessly , wondering where all the unexpected costs came from .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The bill gets signed into law .','The administration watches helplessly , wondering where all the unexpected costs came from .')

Input: It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services .','It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions .')

Input: The initial costs are said to be in the $ 2 billion a year range , but that 's only the beginning .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The initial costs are said to be in the $ 2 billion a year range .','That 's only the beginning .')

Input: Private companies , and ultimately their customers , will end up footing the huge bill .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Private companies will end up footing the huge bill .','Ultimately their customers , will end up footing the huge bill .')

Input: The effect of Nixon era non-duck ducks was an economy clogged up with regulations and distortions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The effect of Nixon era non-duck ducks was an economy .','An economy was clogged up with regulations and distortions .')

Input: Running for President in 1980 and 1988 , George Bush also persuasively diagnosed the economic stagnation of the 1970s .
Prediction: CO/LIST('George Bush was running for President in 1980 and 1988 .','George Bush also persuasively diagnosed the economic stagnation of the 1970s .')

Input: Government continues to inhibit the productivity of our citizenry and the international competitiveness of American business , the vice president declared when he was head of the task force .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the vice president declared .','When he was head of the task force .')

Input: But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was Mr. .','But with the impending passage of these new programs , Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back .')

Input: But while they are unloading these burdens , the United States is close to creating three more big ones .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They are unloading these burdens .','But , the United States is close to creating three more big ones .')

Input: Confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for September , due for release tomorrow , fail to show a substantial improvement from July and August 's near-record deficits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was due for release tomorrow .',', Confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for September fail to show a substantial improvement from July and August 's near-record deficits .')

Input: But analysts reckon underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his Mansion House speech last Thursday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts reckon .','Underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his Mansion House speech last Thursday .')

Input: The August deficit and the # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The August deficit are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 .','The # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 .')

Input: But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest .','The U.K. economy is slowing that quickly .')

Input: This compares with a 1.6 % rise in the second from the first quarter and a 5.4 % increase from the second quarter of 1988 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This compares with a 1.6 % rise in the second from the first quarter .','This compares with a 5.4 % increase from the second quarter of 1988 .')

Input: And , they warn , any further drop in the government 's popularity could swiftly make this promise sound hollow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said .','The approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing .')

Input: New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. , the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('East Rock Partners Inc. are the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P .','New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. .')

Input: Major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what major shippers say .','They expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years .')

Input: That 's a big change from recent years when freight haulage was a bright spot for U.S. productivity , helping to restrain inflation and make U.S. industry more competitive abroad .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That 's a big change from recent years when freight haulage was a bright spot for U.S. productivity .','A bright spot for U.S. productivity was helping to restrain inflation and make U.S. industry more competitive abroad .')

Input: Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up at a rate close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with much of the inefficiency squeezed out of the freight-transport system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But with much of the inefficiency , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates .','The inefficiency was squeezed out of the freight-transport system .')

Input: Shippers wo n't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shippers wo n't be able to look for transportation-cost savings .','They have for the last eight or nine years .')

Input: Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment , pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Railroad-rate increases are likely to be restrained by weakening rail-traffic levels and keen competition for freight from trucks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Railroad-rate increases are likely to be restrained by weakening rail-traffic levels from trucks .','Railroad-rate increases are likely to be restrained by weakening keen competition for freight from trucks .')

Input: Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year .','At least two competitors have announced similar increases .')

Input: Truckers are trying to send signals that they need to stop the bloodletting , forget about market share and go for higher rates , said Michael Lloyd , an analyst at Salomon Bros .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ship companies carrying bulk commodities , such as oil , grain , coal and iron ore , have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as oil , grain , coal and iron ore .',', Ship companies carrying bulk commodities have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years .')

Input: And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The hotel and Gaming company said Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the hotel and Gaming company said .','Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters .')

Input: No lawyers or tape recorders were present .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bob Stone is a fictional name , but the incident described is real .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Bob Stone is a fictional name .','The incident described is real .')

Input: Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Alter some details of this example .','It could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies .')

Input: At Citicorp , the Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Citicorp .','The Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution .')

Input: 2 . Formally or informally , train all your managers and supervisors in the company 's due-process approach .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the company 's due-process approach .','2 . Formally or informally , train all your managers and supervisors .')

Input: See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards , for it is the law governing company courts and adjudicators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', See that they know company personnel policy backwards and forwards , for it is the law .','The law is governing company courts and adjudicators .')

Input: International Business Machines and Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach .
Prediction: CO/LIST('International Business Machines are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach .','Bank of America are among the companies using the single-adjudicator approach .')

Input: Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging cranks and chronic soreheads to file complaints .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging cranks to file complaints .','Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of chronic soreheads to file complaints .')

Input: But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % in value that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in value .','But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 .')

Input: The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants .','This was to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo .')

Input: But further major advances on the Nikkei are n't foreseen this week by market observers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Housings , constructions and pharmaceuticals continued to be bought following Thursday 's gains because of strong earnings outlooks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: London share prices were influenced largely by declines on Wall Street and weakness in the British pound .
Prediction: CO/LIST('London share prices were influenced largely by declines on Wall Street .','London share prices were influenced largely by weakness in the British pound .')

Input: The key Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index ended 10.2 points lower at 2179.1 , above its intraday low of 2176.9 , but off the day 's high of 2189 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was above its intraday low of 2176.9 , but off the day 's high of 2189 .','The key Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index ended 10.2 points lower at 2179.1 .')

Input: Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('351.3 million shares were the lightest volume of the week .','Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares .')

Input: Sen. Boren said , It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Boren is Sen. .','Boren said , It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future .')

Input: But a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a congressional source close to the panel said .','The rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. .')

Input: One senior administration official called the guideline outrageous and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income place .','Income was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal .')

Input: Jeffrey E. Levin was named vice president and chief economist of this commodity futures and options exchange .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said .','Proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes .')

Input: But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % , down from 4.6 % in the second quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was down from 4.6 % in the second quarter .','But inflation , as measured by the GNP deflator in Thursday 's report , is expected to rise only 3.5 % .')

Input: The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income and a 0.3 % gain in consumption .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income .','The consensus calls for a 0.3 % gain in consumption .')

Input: Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was later .','Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division adding mining as well as building and construction materials .')

Input: But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Andersson was Mr. .','But going against the grain has never bothered Andersson .')

Input: But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed .','Market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say .')

Input: But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The treatment turned Trelleborg into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns .','The treatment turned Trelleborg .')

Input: But we certainly like what we 've seen so far .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But we certainly like .','We 've seen so far .')

Input: But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But analysts caution .','An expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth .')

Input: Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts say .','Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf .')

Input: The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment .','This is what he says .')

Input: Mr. Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schantz was Mr. .',', Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp .')

Input: He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He remains an executive vice president .','His new position reflects the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials .')

Input: GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is upon its completion .','GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant .')

Input: Purchase of the businesses serving Miami , Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach , Fla. , is part of a plan by Chambers to expand in the growing security industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Purchase of the businesses is part of a plan by Chambers to expand in the growing security industry .','The businesses are serving Miami , Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach , Fla. .')

Input: Mr. Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eisenberg was Mr. .','Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer .')

Input: Imasco is a tobacco , retailing , restaurant and financial services concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off the paper mill , a bank , an office building and a small cotton-ginning plant .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off the paper mill .','Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off a bank .','Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off an office building .','Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off a small cotton-ginning plant .')

Input: Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the four .','Only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece .')

Input: Manila is offering several major assets for the first time and is trying to conclude sales already arranged .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Manila is offering several major assets for the first time .','Manila is trying to conclude sales already arranged .')

Input: The privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise critically needed funds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies .',', Small , nonperforming companies are valued for their assets .')

Input: But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But according to bankers and stock analysts , price is n't the only consideration .','Bankers and stock analysts have studied the paper mill .')

Input: -LRB- About 7.5 % of Picop is publicly traded and other shareholders own the rest of the equity . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/LIST('-LRB- About 7.5 % of Picop is publicly traded . -RRB- .','-LRB- other shareholders own the rest of the equity . -RRB- .')

Input: The carrier has valuable trans-Pacific and Asian routes but it remains debt-laden and poorly managed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The carrier has valuable trans-Pacific and Asian routes .','It remains debt-laden and poorly managed .')

Input: The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Gerard E. Wood , 51 years old , was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 51 years old .','Gerard E. Wood was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company .')

Input: Mr. Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Wood was Mr. .','Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc .')

Input: The merger is subject to regulatory clearance and a definitive agreement .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The merger is subject to regulatory clearance .','The merger is subject to a definitive agreement .')

Input: Webster has 3.5 million shares outstanding and Eagle 2.6 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Webster has 3.5 million shares outstanding .','Webster has Eagle 2.6 million .')

Input: Their indicated market values thus are about $ 43.3 million and $ 28.6 million , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is respectively .','Their indicated market values thus are about $ 43.3 million and $ 28.6 million .')

Input: Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization .','Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well .')

Input: -LRB- True , the Mexican government has granted control over the airline to a new private consortium , but its propensity to take back what it gives is too well known to permit one to be sanguine . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('-LRB- True , the Mexican government has granted control over the airline to a new private consortium . -RRB- .','-LRB- its propensity to take back what it gives is too well known to permit one to be sanguine . -RRB- .')

Input: I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I refer essentially to petroleum .','I refer essentially to electric power .','I refer essentially to banking .','I refer essentially to newsprint .')

Input: They are officially considered strategic , and their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They are officially considered strategic .','Their privatization is prohibited by the Mexican Constitution .')

Input: The bottom line , however , is not economic but political reform .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','The bottom line is not economic but political reform .')

Input: The group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 225 to $ 240 a share .','The group has been discussing a proposal valued in $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion .')

Input: But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to avoid the risk of rejection .','But , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today .')

Input: But the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the pilots union appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air .','The pilots union has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 .')

Input: The difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The difference is .',', Current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control .')

Input: But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the machinists union is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor .','The machinists union 's opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid .')

Input: Remaining proceeds were used to pay other debt and to finance the company 's capital spending program .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lep Group said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','A possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own .')

Input: U.S. reserve assets consist of foreign currencies , gold , special drawing rights at the International Monetary Fund and the U.S. reserve position -- its ability to draw foreign currencies -- at the IMF .
Prediction: CO/LIST('U.S. reserve assets consist of foreign currencies .','U.S. reserve assets consist of gold .','U.S. reserve assets consist of special drawing rights at the International Monetary Fund .','U.S. reserve assets consist of the U.S. reserve position -- its ability to draw foreign currencies -- at the IMF .')

Input: Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Manhattan National Corp. said .','Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries .')

Input: Freight rates are bottoming out and starting to rebound .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Freight rates are bottoming out .','Freight rates are starting to rebound .')

Input: All our efforts are now focused on improving earnings to the point where we can fund additional new-country development , continue to invest in the business and reinstate the dividend , he added .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users through catalog sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is through catalog sales .','The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users .')

Input: The FDA requested the recall of Quantum 's mioxidil tablets , chlorazepate dipotassium tablets and meclofenamate sodium capsules because , it said , the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain FDA approval was in each case misrepresented as much larger than it actually was .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('The FDA requested the recall of Quantum 's mioxidil tablets , chlorazepate dipotassium tablets and meclofenamate sodium capsules .','It said , the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain FDA approval was in each case misrepresented as much larger than it actually was .')

Input: Like other refiners , Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was like other refiners .','Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower .')

Input: Four other unions have yet to vote , but their leadership also recommended approval .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Four other unions have yet to vote .','Their leadership also recommended approval .')

Input: The pact proposes a 2 1\/2-year contract with a raise of 8 % in the first year , 7 % in the second and 4 % for the final six months .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The pact proposes a 21\/2 - year contract with a raise of 8 % in the first year .','The pact proposes 7 % in the second .','The pact proposes 4 % for the final six months .')

Input: LEBANESE LAWMAKERS APPROVED a peace plan but Aoun rejected it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('LEBANESE LAWMAKERS APPROVED a peace plan .','Aoun rejected it .')

Input: The rejection by Aoun , who has demanded a total and immediate pull-out of Damascus 's 33,000 troops , puts the future of the agreement in doubt .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The rejection by Aoun puts the future of the agreement in doubt .','The rejection by Aoun has demanded a total and immediate pull-out of Damascus 's 33,000 troops .')

Input: The baseball commissioner announced that the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would n't resume until Friday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the baseball commissioner announced .','The third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would n't resume until Friday .')

Input: Commonwealth leaders issued a declaration giving South Africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Commonwealth leaders issued a declaration .',', Commonwealth leaders were giving South Africa six months to deliver on pledges to ease apartheid or face new reprisals .')

Input: Customer-access lines increased at an annualized rate of about 4 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A 10 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 21 % boost in interest expense , reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A 10 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 21 % boost in interest expense .','A 21 % boost in interest expense was reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates .')

Input: Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz was Mr. .','Already last week , Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media .')

Input: The regular nightly news program and daily newspapers are also getting a visible injection of Soviet-style glasnost .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The regular nightly news program are also getting a visible injection of Soviet-style glasnost .','Daily newspapers are also getting a visible injection of Soviet-style glasnost .')

Input: And that 's a problem .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there 's another side to Mr. Krenz .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Krenz is Mr. .','But there 's another side to Krenz .')

Input: But if he 's sharp and quick , he has a chance .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('He 's sharp and quick .','But , he has a chance .')

Input: The walls of the church are covered with leaflets , news clippings , and handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The walls of the church are covered with leaflets .','The walls of the church are covered with news clippings .','The walls of the church are covered with handwritten notes associated with the country 's political opposition .')

Input: But the experiments continue to be plagued by lack of firm evidence that the extra heat is coming from the fusing of hydrogen atoms .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('An electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes .','The heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate .')

Input: At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate and compares with a 6.5 % increase in 1989 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate .','The increase for national edition advertising compares with a 6.5 % increase in 1989 .')

Input: Newsprint and postage prices this year have not gone up , said Peter R. Kann , president of Dow Jones .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Fundamental fairness lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers .','A sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers .')

Input: Advertising rates for the Eastern , Midwest , Western and Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % , and rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Advertising rates for the Eastern , Midwest , Western and Southwest editions will increase an average 5.5 % .','Rates for localized advertising editions will increase 7.5 % .')

Input: Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .',', Cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net .')

Input: We expect near-term sluggishness in the electronics market , he said , and we will take ongoing cost-reduction actions as necessary to keep operations aligned with demand .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We expect near-term sluggishness in the electronics market .','We will take ongoing cost-reduction actions as necessary to keep operations aligned with demand .')

Input: Silver , however is in a deeper slump than are gold and platinum .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .',', Silver is in a deeper slump than are gold and platinum .')

Input: This year alone , inventories at the Commodity Exchange of New York jumped by a staggering 46 million to 221 million ounces because of producer deliveries , de-stocking by fabricators and sales by disenchanted investors , says Rhona O', Connell , London-based precious metals analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CP_START CC CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: Others said that the drop continued the downward correction that 's been due in the petroleum pits and that such a trend could well continue in the next several trading sessions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what others said .','That the drop continued the downward correction that 's been due in the petroleum pits and that such a trend could well continue in the next several trading sessions .')

Input: But whether this price break has implications for this week , he said , we will know more when the London Metal Exchange copper stock levels are released Monday morning .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This price break has implications for this week .','But , he said , we will know more when the London Metal Exchange copper stock levels are released Monday morning .')

Input: The program now works on all Hewlett-Packard and Apollo workstations and on computers made by Multiflow Computer Inc. of Branford , Conn .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The program now works on all Hewlett-Packard and Apollo workstations and on computers .',', Computers were made by Multiflow Computer Inc. of Branford , Conn .')

Input: But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But programs in individual computers must be revised in order .','This was to work with that system .')

Input: Applications wo n't have to be rewritten to work with Task Broker , Hewlett-Packard said , and the user of a computer wo n't be able to tell that another machine is doing the work .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Applications wo n't have to be rewritten to work with Task Broker .','The user of a computer wo n't be able to tell that another machine is doing the work .')

Input: When elephants start fighting , ants get killed , says Murray Riese , co-owner of National Restaurants , a New York franchisee for Pizza Hut , Roy Rogers and other chains .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But early this year , PepsiCo Inc. 's Taco Bell unit and Wendy 's International Inc. slashed prices and stepped up promotions , says John Rohs , an analyst for Wertheim Schroder & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The discounting , say fast-food operators , occurs on a scale and with a frequency they have n't seen before .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The discounting , say fast-food operators , occurs on a scale and with a frequency .','They have n't seen before a frequency .')

Input: The result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The result is .',', Some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less .')

Input: Spokesmen for Wendy 's and McDonald 's criticized Mr. Rohs 's calculations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rohs was Mr. .',', Spokesmen for Wendy 's and McDonald 's criticized Rohs 's calculations .')

Input: But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Greenberg was Mr. .','But Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers .')

Input: Smaller chains and single-store operators will be the first to fail , many in the industry predict .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers and their franchisees .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers .','The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between their franchisees .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: CalMat said the sale is part of its previously announced plan to sell much of its real estate holdings to focus on its core business of mining and producing asphalt , concrete , rock and sand .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what CalMat said .','The sale is part of its previously announced plan to sell much of its real estate holdings to focus on its core business of mining and producing asphalt , concrete , rock and sand .')

Input: And you thought the only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an IRS audit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And you thought .','The only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an IRS audit .')

Input: I do n't know of any living ballplayer that 's ever done it , says Jack Smalling , a dealer in Ames , Iowa , and a recognized expert in the field of baseball autographs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for years .','The canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold .')

Input: But these players were dead .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Maybe I 'm a little stuffy , but I would n't sell them , sniffs Bob Machon , owner of Papa 's Sports Cards in Menlo Park , Calif .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You just call your broker and say buy or sell .
Prediction: CO/LIST('You just call your broker .','You just say buy or sell .')

Input: There are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders .','Market orders were permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges .')

Input: With a market order , an investor tells a broker to buy or sell at the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a market order .','An investor tells a broker to buy or sell at the market .')

Input: It 's like saying , get me in now or get me out now .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Suppose an investor wants to sell a stock , but not for less than $ 55 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stop Order : Stop orders tell a floor broker to buy or sell an investment once the price reaches a certain level .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stop orders are sometimes called stop-loss orders because they are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE(', Stop orders are sometimes called stop-loss orders .','They are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses .')

Input: It instructs a broker to buy or sell an investment at the specified price or better .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('It instructs a broker to buy or sell an investment at the specified price .','It instructs a broker to buy or sell an investment at better .')

Input: But if the investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately , the order is automatically canceled .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately .','But , the order is automatically canceled .')

Input: Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: On Oct. 19 , 1987 , some investors learned the consequences of entering good-til-canceled limit orders and then forgetting about them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 19 , 1987 .',', Some investors learned the consequences of entering good-til-canceled limit orders and then forgetting about them .')

Input: But investors better not ignore its limitations , either .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is either .','But investors better not ignore its limitations .')

Input: Beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Beta is a handy gauge .','A handy gauge measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund .')

Input: So a stock with a beta of 0.5 is half as volatile , one at 1.5 is 50 % more volatile , and so on .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', So a stock with a beta of 0.5 is half as volatile , and so on .',', So one at 1.5 is 50 % more volatile , and so on .')

Input: In particular , beta does n't measure the company - and industry-specific risk associated with an individual stock .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in particular .','Beta does n't measure the company - and industry-specific risk associated with an individual stock .')

Input: That business risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That business risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks .','It virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio .')

Input: Our fear was people would look just at the beta -LCB- of a gold fund -RCB- and say here is an investment with very low risk , says John Markese , director of research for the Chicago-based group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But therein lies another aspect of investment risk : the hazard of shaping your portfolio to avoid one or more types of risk and being blind-sided by others .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But their value as investments can be decimated by inflation , which erodes the purchasing power of bonds ' fixed-dollar interest payments .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But their value as investments can be decimated by inflation .','Inflation erodes the purchasing power of bonds ' fixed-dollar interest payments .')

Input: And they eyeball types of risk that are not easily quantified .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And they eyeball types of risk .','Types of risk are not easily quantified .')

Input: -LRB- Here 's how to interpret a standard deviation figure : Take the expected return and add one standard deviation to it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then add and subtract two standard deviations to get a wider range .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is 10 or 20 years in the future .','But they may pay a price .')

Input: For instance , some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts believe for instance .','Bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market .')

Input: And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by a wider margin .','And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation than they did over the long-term past .')

Input: It meant to convey our hope that the Senator and other members of the congressional left are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It meant to convey our hope that the Senator are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners .','It meant to convey our hope that other members of the congressional left are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners .')

Input: Capital has been democratized , and people want in .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Capital has been democratized .','People want in .')

Input: Now a startling new approach is available to building your financial portfolio without undue risk , without extensive planning and without hurting your life style one bit !
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is without extensive planning and without hurting your life style one bit .','Now a startling new approach is available to building your financial portfolio without undue risk ! .')

Input: This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is particularly good news for those who hate risk and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way .','Risk are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning .')

Input: Concerned for her state of mind , I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Concerned for her state of mind .','I dropped them .','The market instantly began its steady climb back to health .')

Input: Your priorities may be different , but here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive pursuits ; children 's toys ; gardening equipment , bulbs and shrubs ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Your priorities may be different .','Here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive pursuits ; children 's toys ; gardening equipment , bulbs and shrubs ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all .')

Input: I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay .','This was to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers .')

Input: But with every step I take , I 'm building wealth .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But with every step , I 'm building wealth .','I take every step .')

Input: So go out there and eat that debt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Schwartz is a business executive and writer in New York .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Schwartz is Mr. .',', Schwartz is a business executive and writer in New York .')

Input: All anyone need do is hang up a shingle and start planning .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But reform has n't taken hold yet .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What 's more , the losses they and the others caused are just what we are stumbling over , says Mr. Stapf , adding that the majority of misdeeds probably go undetected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is about regulation and certification .','The states have their own ideas .')

Input: NASAA estimates that nearly 90 % of planners receive some or all of their income from sales commissions on securities , insurance and other financial products they recommend .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots , he opened up his briefcase and dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he does say that all of his activities have been entirely proper .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But he does say .','All of his activities have been entirely proper .')

Input: Now they 're losers and he 's in jail in Mobile County .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Now they 're losers .','He 's in jail in Mobile County .')

Input: CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing bank in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible .','Investors fell for that one too .')

Input: They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire .','They root among the designer offerings .')

Input: This city of more than 70,000 is known for sunshine , yachts and rich residents .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This city of more than 70,000 is known for sunshine .','This city of more than 70,000 is known for yachts .','This city of more than 70,000 is known for rich residents .')

Input: You do n't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud in Green Bay or Buffalo .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is in Green Bay or Buffalo .','You do n't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud .')

Input: The breezes are soft , the waves lap gently and the palm trees sway lazily .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The breezes are soft .','The waves lap gently .','The palm trees sway lazily .')

Input: Blondes , cocaine and Corvettes , mutters Mr. McClelland .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals .','Precious metals and oil-leasing deals typically cost thousands of dollars a shot .')

Input: Stick some money in an interest-bearing account and watch it grow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In short , throw away the passbook and go for the glory .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in short .','Throw away the passbook and go for the glory .')

Input: Stanford , MIT and other utmosts will cost no less .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Stanford will cost no less .','MIT will cost no less .','Other utmosts will cost no less .')

Input: The antitrust division of the Justice Department is investigating the oddly similar tuition charges and increases among the top schools .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy wheels and vintage wine .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy wheels .','But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for vintage wine .')

Input: Belatedly aware of public concern , lawmakers and financial middlemen are working overtime to create and sell college savings and investment schemes .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Belatedly aware of public concern , lawmakers are working overtime to create and sell college savings and investment schemes .','Belatedly aware of public concern , financial middlemen are working overtime to create and sell college savings and investment schemes .')

Input: Forget about Treasury bills or a money-market fund .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('And they can further reduce the monthly amount .','They start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital .')

Input: He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund that mixes both stocks and bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund .','A balanced fund mixes both stocks and bonds .')

Input: And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans .','About $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans was offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming .')

Input: The prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current tuitions or at a slight discount -- for a promise that tuition will be covered tomorrow .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current tuitions or at a slight discount -- for a promise .','Tuition will be covered tomorrow .')

Input: Their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans .','Plans could be more broadly transferable .')

Input: But buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record -- and some have been encouraged to borrow to do so .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record .','But some have been encouraged to borrow to do so .')

Input: But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But sponsors might not pick the stocks .','The stocks will match the market .')

Input: Note : These figures are only for mandatory charges and do n't include books , transportation etc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: AMONG THE CATFISH farmers in the watery delta land of Humphreys County , Miss. , Allen D. Tharp of Isola was one of the best known and most enterprising .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was among THE CATFISH farmers in the watery delta land of Humphreys County .','Miss. , Allen D. Tharp of Isola was one of the best known and most enterprising .')

Input: And he nearly always bought and sold for cash .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And he nearly always bought .','And he nearly sold for cash .')

Input: Now , television and radio evangelists are under scrutiny .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is now .','Television and radio evangelists are under scrutiny .')

Input: Many openings for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as questionable tax shelters and home offices .','Many openings for mass cheating have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them .')

Input: And laws requiring the reporting of more varieties of transactions have enabled the IRS to rely on computers to ferret out discrepancies with returns and to generate form-letter inquiries to taxpayers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to taxpayers .','And laws requiring the reporting of more varieties of transactions have enabled the IRS to rely on computers to ferret out discrepancies with returns and to generate form-letter inquiries .')

Input: And now that returns must show dependents ' Social Security numbers , the IRS wants to see which dependents show up on more than one return -- and which dependents turn out to be deceased .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But many others , who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation , become tipsters for the IRS , says Jerry Lackey , who manages the IRS project 's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Revenue-short states also are becoming more aggressive pursuers of tax delinquents , and perhaps none tracks them down with more relish than does New York since it acquired an $ 80 million computer system in 1985 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Revenue-short states also are becoming more aggressive pursuers of tax delinquents .','Perhaps none tracks them down with more relish than does New York since it acquired an $ 80 million computer system in 1985 .')

Input: Soon to feel the glare of attention are lawyers elsewhere in the state , doctors , dentists , and accountants , says Frederick G. Hicks , director of the tax-department division that develops the computer-matching programs .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This category now accounts for about 19 % of admits and 22 % of registrants .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This category now accounts for about 19 % of admits .','This category now accounts for 22 % of registrants .')

Input: Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action target for their group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Do they really believe that the number is just for verification and is simply a formality on the road to being a grand-prize winner ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: John Blodgett agrees -- and he ought to know .
Prediction: CO/LIST('John Blodgett agrees .','He ought to know .')

Input: Everyone is vulnerable , says Charles Harper , associate regional administrator for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Miami .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed , the suit alleged .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Neither the Amoco agreement nor the wells existed .','This was what the suit alleged .')

Input: Such schemes , says Tony Adamski , chief of the financial-crimes unit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Washington , D.C. , appeal to investors ' desire to believe this is really true and that they are part of a chosen group being given this opportunity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But hardly the only ones : The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(', Scam artists seek out such people .',', Scam artists try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves .')

Input: Sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their bearings , says Maury Elvekrog , a licensed psychologist who is now an investment adviser and principal in Seger-Elvekrog Inc. , a Birmingham , Mich. , investment-counseling firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , says Mr. Cortese .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two seats on the Big Board were sold yesterday for $ 455,000 , and then $ 500,000 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Two seats on the Big Board were sold yesterday for $ 455,000 .','Two seats on the Big Board were sold yesterday for then $ 500,000 .')

Input: FOX HUNTING HAS been defined as the unspeakable in pursuit of the inedible , but at least it 's exercise .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('FOX HUNTING HAS been defined as the unspeakable in pursuit of the inedible .','At least it 's exercise .')

Input: But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root-canal work .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance .','We often have to think about having root-canal work .')

Input: And my time has come .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I 'm 33 , married , no children , and employed in writing stories like this one .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was married .','I 'm 33 no children , and employed in writing stories like this one .')

Input: There are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to permanent insurance , and many others .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to permanent insurance .','There are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to many others .')

Input: CP_START CP OTHERS CC CP CP CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I die early , I win -- a hollow victory , since I ca n't enjoy it -- and if I live long , the insurer wins .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ski and Kafka .
Prediction: NONE

Input: s include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', S include Resorts International .',', S include Braniff .',', S include Integrated Resources .',', S include SCI TV .',', S include Gillette Holdings .',', S include Western Electric .',', S include Southmark .')

Input: at the end of the month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: hat installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Hat installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances .','Growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences .')

Input:  to get his load -- a few hundred parcels -- to the Memphis package-sorting hub on time .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is to the Memphis package-sorting hub .','To get his load -- a few hundred parcels -- on time .')

Input: s -RRB- into the season , the new Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', S -RRB- into the season .',', S -RRB- the new Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old .')

Input:  with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art .','Idealism and revolution seem modest .')

Input: r .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to his girlfriend .','To go back inside called up the stairs , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby .')

Input: so such cells do n't touch off harmful inflammatory reactions or cell destruction .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION(', So such cells do n't touch off harmful inflammatory reactions .',', So such cells do n't touch off cell destruction .')

Input: has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property .
Prediction: NONE

Input: with another .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized .
Prediction: NONE

Input: oth Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Unocal was oth .','Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid .')

Input: d , It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future .
Prediction: NONE

Input: many investors last week amid political and economic uncertainty .
Prediction: NONE

Input: s a common share , from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is a year ago .',', S a common share , from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share .')

Input: cken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: in 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('In 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners have soared as well .','Planners do n't belong to any group .')

Input: or something more exciting while she 's doing it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash , but this time it was different .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash .','This time it was different .')

Input: But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some traders thought .','There was less to the rally than met the eye .')

Input: Its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares , or about 17 % of its shares outstanding .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares outstanding .','Its board approved the repurchase of about 17 % of its shares outstanding .')

Input: American International Group climbed 4 to 106 5\/8 , General Re rose 3 1\/8 to 89 5\/8 , Kemper added 2 1\/2 to 48 , AON went up 1 3\/8 to 36 and Chubb rose 1 1\/4 to 82 1\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('American International Group climbed 4 to 1065\/8 .','General Re rose 31\/8 to 895\/8 .','Kemper added 21\/2 to 48 .','AON went up 13\/8 to 36 .',', Chubb rose 11\/4 to 821\/4 .')

Input: Chambers Development Class A jumped 3 1\/8 to 37 1\/8 and Class B rose 2 5\/8 to 37 1\/4 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Chambers Development Class A jumped 31\/8 to 371\/8 .',', Class B rose 25\/8 to 371\/4 .')

Input: Mr. Pinola is president and chief operating officer of Penn Mutual Life Insurance Co .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Pinola is Mr. .','Pinola is president and chief operating officer of Penn Mutual Life Insurance Co .')

Input: You 're probably right , and you are n't alone .
Prediction: CO/LIST('You 're probably right .','You are n't alone .')

Input: Occupational disability related to anxiety , depression and stress costs about $ 8,000 a case in terms of worker 's compensation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in terms of worker 's compensation .','Occupational disability related to anxiety , depression and stress costs about $ 8,000 a case .')

Input: In terms of days lost on the job , the study estimated that each affected employee loses about 16 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the study estimated in terms of days lost on the job .','Each affected employee loses about 16 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression .')

Input: Mid-sized companies were most affected by talk of layoffs or plant closings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress-related problems was cited by 30 % of those polled .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress-related problems was cited by 30 % of those .','Those was polled .')

Input: But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But his circumstances are among the few .','The few can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America .')

Input: But there still are a few ways today 's traveler can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there still are a few ways .','Today 's traveler can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions a few ways .')

Input: This week , many carriers are announcing cut-rate fares designed to get people to fly on some of the most hallowed -- and slowest -- days of the year , including Christmas .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including Christmas .','This week , many carriers are announcing cut-rate fares designed to get people to fly on some of the most hallowed -- and slowest -- days of the year .')

Input: The promotions -- dubbed everything from 'T- is the Season to be Jolly to Kringle fares -- put round-trip fares at $ 98 , $ 148 and $ 198 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The promotions -- dubbed everything from ` T - is the Season to be Jolly to Kringle fares -- put round-trip fares at $ 98 .','The promotions -- dubbed everything from ` T - is the Season to be Jolly to Kringle fares -- put round-trip fares at $ 148 .','The promotions -- dubbed everything from ` T - is the Season to be Jolly to Kringle fares -- put round-trip fares at $ 198 .')

Input: IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION(', CONTINENTAL(', Couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts .'))

Input: The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But gay rights advocates are angry , too .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is too .','But gay rights advocates are angry .')

Input: Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : We do n't have the outdoor pool , the pool table , ping pong table , snack bar or VCR , but we still have the indoor pool and Jacuzzi .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70 % off regular coach fare .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is off regular coach fare .','A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70 % .')

Input: But the compounded effects of seniors only taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The difference lies in how the two entrepreneurial furriers reacted to the foreign competition and transformation of their industry over the past 10 years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We make the finest product in the world , and the Americans are being kicked around .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We make the finest product in the world .','The Americans are being kicked around .')

Input: This year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This year he produced a men 's line .','This year he offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green .')

Input: He plans to attach the embroidery to the backs of mink coats and jackets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the backs of mink coats and jackets .','He plans to attach the embroidery .')

Input: This year he bought two stores , one in Brooklyn and one in Queens .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This year he bought two stores .','This year he bought one in Brooklyn .','This year he bought one in Queens .')

Input: Golden Feldman Furs Inc. began retailing aggressively eight years ago , and now retail sales account for about 20 % of gross income .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Golden Feldman Furs Inc. began retailing aggressively eight years ago .','Now retail sales account for about 20 % of gross income .')

Input: Large furriers such as Antonovich Inc. , Fur Vault Inc. and Evans Inc. all reported losses in their latest fiscal years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in their latest fiscal years .','Large furriers such as Antonovich Inc. , Fur Vault Inc. and Evans Inc. all reported losses .')

Input: And those who did n't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And those suffer labor shortages .','Those did n't move some production overseas .')

Input: People are promoting furs in various ways and taking the glamour out of the fur business , says Stephen Sanders , divisional merchandise manager for Marshall Field 's department store in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Rosen responds : Whatever people want to buy , I 'll sell .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rosen is Mr. .','But Rosen responds : Whatever people want to buy , I 'll sell .')

Input: The four cases were all reported to GTE 's medical director and state and local health authorities .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The four cases were all reported to GTE 's medical director .','The four cases were all reported to state and local health authorities .')

Input: Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to sponsor El Espectador journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories .','Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to sponsor El Espectador journalists and staff .')

Input: An Olivetti spokesman said the company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in Europe by December .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what an Olivetti spokesman said .','The company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in Europe by December .')

Input: The new chip is a very big step in computing , and it is important that Olivetti be one of the first out on the market with this product , said Patricia Meagher Davis , an analyst at James Capel & Co. in London .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Intel 486 chip can process 15 million instructions per second , or MIPS , while Intel 's previous 386 chip could handle only 3 to 6 MIPS .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The Intel 486 chip can process 15 million instructions per second , or MIPS .','Intel 's previous 386 chip could handle only 3 to 6 MIPS .')

Input: Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants .','Ferembal has 930 workers at one plastic container facility .')

Input: Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery .','Viatech makes materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries .')

Input: This means that the maximum yearly Social Security tax paid by workers and employers each will rise $ 250.80 next year to $ 3,855.60 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This means .','The maximum yearly Social Security tax paid by workers and employers each will rise $ 250.80 next year to $ 3,855.60 .')

Input: But not every company expects to report increased earnings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mark was Mr. .','Mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities .')

Input: Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The products -- sealants and bonding materials used by dentists -- all contain fluoride that is released over time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The products -- sealants and bonding materials used by dentists -- all contain fluoride .','Fluoride is released over time .')

Input: But other analysts expressed disappointment that the cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what other analysts expressed disappointment .','The cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth .')

Input: This is a good move , but it only gets you to where people 's expectations already are , in terms of earnings growth , said Joel D. Gross , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every dollar 's worth of stock in the Los Angeles money manager 's portfolio is traded seven or eight times a year , the firm estimates .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Every dollar 's worth of stock in the Los Angeles money manager 's portfolio is traded seven or eight times a year .','This is what the firm estimates .')

Input: That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings .','That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers .')

Input: Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , and match its performance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index .','Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer and match its performance .')

Input: And the fees investors pay for indexing run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And the fees investors pay for indexing .','Indexing was run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers .')

Input: But today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy to an increasingly active one .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to an increasingly active one .','But today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy .')

Input: Indexing has been the most single successful investment concept in the last decade , but the index money has been just sort of sitting there , says Seth M. Lynn , president of Axe Core Investors Inc. , an indexer based in Tarrytown , N.Y .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that .','They can charge fees .')

Input: Mr. Carder also goes through periods when he buys stocks in conjunction with options to boost returns and protect against declines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Carder is Mr. .',', Carder also goes through periods when he buys stocks in conjunction with options to boost returns and protect against declines .')

Input: And in some months , he buys stock-index futures and not stocks at all .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And in some months , he buys stock-index futures .','And in some months , he buys not stocks at all .')

Input: Another approach : An investor with $ 100 million might use $ 75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $ 25 million on a favorite group of stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It was during those hearings that the nation first learned the breadth and depth of Gen. Noriega 's criminality , and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was the breadth and depth of Gen. .','It was during those hearings that the nation first learned Noriega 's criminality , and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies .')

Input: Though his operation was registered and used only scrap , he was accused of conducting illegal business and possessing illegal materials .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('His operation was registered and used only scrap .','He was accused of conducting illegal business and possessing illegal materials .')

Input: Things were supposed to change when Vietnam 's economic reforms gathered pace , and for awhile they did .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Things were supposed to change when Vietnam 's economic reforms gathered pace .','For awhile they did .')

Input: District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which he and his large family used as both residence and factory , and demanded proof the house and equipment were his .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home .','He and his large family used as both residence and factory , and demanded proof the house and equipment were his his suburban home .')

Input: He was further questioned to determine if he was a real working man or an exploiter .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('He was further questioned to determine if he was a real working man .','He was further questioned to determine if he was an exploiter .')

Input: His family was given three hours to leave before the house and contents were confiscated .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His family was given three hours to leave before the house were confiscated .','His family was given three hours to leave before contents were confiscated .')

Input: He and his family kept afloat by repairing bicycles , selling fruit and doing odd jobs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He kept afloat by repairing bicycles , selling fruit and doing odd jobs .','His family kept afloat by repairing bicycles , selling fruit and doing odd jobs .')

Input: Eighteen people pack the house 's two rooms -- the Chans , four of their 10 children with spouses , and eight of 22 grandchildren .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Eighteen people pack the house 's two rooms -- the Chans .','Eighteen people pack the house 's two rooms -- four of their 10 children with spouses .','Eighteen people pack the house 's two rooms -- eight of 22 grandchildren .')

Input: Nor did they return his house and contents , which he values at about $ 44,000 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Another described how tax-collection officials in Thanh Hoa province one night stormed through homes and confiscated rice from starving villagers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what another described .','How tax-collection officials in Thanh Hoa province one night stormed through homes and confiscated rice from starving villagers .')

Input: Those who manage ideology and a large number of writers reacted badly to the restyled paper , says Lai Nguyen An , a literary critic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She has indeed turned Hochiminh City Food into a budding conglomerate , but the company itself remains state-owned .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', She has indeed turned Hochiminh City Food into a budding conglomerate .','The company itself remains state-owned .')

Input: The company operates a fleet of trucks and boats to transport the commodities to its warehouses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to its warehouses .','The company operates a fleet of trucks and boats to transport the commodities .')

Input: She expects both revenue and profit to gain this year .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(', She expects both revenue and profit .','This is to gain this year .')

Input: The agency is preparing a report , to be issued today , on the earthquake 's impact on the property- and casualty-insurance industry .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The agency is preparing a report .','This was to be issued today , on the earthquake 's impact on the property - and casualty-insurance industry .')

Input: Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift , he said , but we were able to respond much more quickly .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Other makers of video controller equipment also were caught in the EGA-VGA shift .','We were able to respond much more quickly .')

Input: As smaller and more powerful computers continue to be the focus of the industry , he said , Western Digital is strengthening development of laptop parts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bank 's chairman and director general , who also sit on the board , still would be appointed by the Treasury .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The bank 's chairman and director general still would be appointed by the Treasury .','The bank 's chairman and director general also sit on the board .')

Input: But the plan only threatens to heighten the tension and confusion already surrounding the cases that were filed in September 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the plan only threatens to heighten the tension and confusion already surrounding the cases .','The cases were filed in September 1988 .')

Input: The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Justice Department is U.S. .','The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting Justice Department approval .')

Input: A similiar proposal has been made in the W. Herbert Hunt case although he and the IRS are at odds over the size of the non-dischargable debt he would have to pay to the government from future earnings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The five offices in Erie and Ottawa counties in northern Ohio have total assets of about $ 88 million , Banc One said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The five offices in Erie and Ottawa counties in northern Ohio have total assets of about $ 88 million .','This was what Banc One said .')

Input: He said the bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','The bank could n't wait any longer for prices to recover and for borrowers to service their loans .')

Input: Tan Sri Basir said the capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia 's Capital Issues Committee and central bank .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tan Sri Basir said .','The capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia 's Capital Issues Committee and central bank .')

Input: As well as the M$ 1.23 billion in provisions announced on Oct. 6 , the restructuring package covers an additional M$ 450 million in provisions made in earlier years but never reflected in a reduction of the bank 's paid-up capital .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as well as the M$ 1.23 billion in provisions announced on Oct. 6 .','The restructuring package covers an additional M$ 450 million in provisions made in earlier years but never reflected in a reduction of the bank 's paid-up capital .')

Input: White , 24 years old , a singer in her church choir , she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of pro-choice marches , house parties and fund-raisers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of pro-choice marches .','Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of house parties .','Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of fund-raisers .')

Input: Unless he closes the gap , Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('He closes the gap .','Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month .')

Input: Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift .','New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate .')

Input: If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , he asks , how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Details and Camden are essential Florio .
Prediction: NONE

Input: More than ever , his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is more than ever .','His pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state .')

Input: Energy costs , which drove wholesale prices up sharply during the month , continued to decline at the retail level , pulling down transportation and helping to ease housing costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Energy costs continued to decline at the retail level , pulling down transportation and helping to ease housing costs .','Energy costs drove wholesale prices up sharply during the month .')

Input: But many economists were not nearly as jubilant .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But retail energy prices declined 0.9 % in September .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in September .','But retail energy prices declined 0.9 % .')

Input: It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem , argued Edward Yardeni , chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In both 1987 and 1988 , consumer prices rose 4.4 % .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in both 1987 and 1988 .',', Consumer prices rose 4.4 % .')

Input: Transportation costs actually fell 0.5 % , and housing costs gained only 0.1 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Transportation costs actually fell 0.5 % .','Housing costs gained only 0.1 % .')

Input: Apparel prices rocketed up 1.7 % , but that was after three months of declines .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Apparel prices rocketed up 1.7 % .','That was after three months of declines .')

Input: Some have built health spas , business centers and shopping villages so visitors have more to do than ski .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some have built health spas , business centers and shopping villages .','Visitors have more to do than ski .')

Input: And this week , the industry 's efforts will go national for the first time when it unveils a $ 7 million advertising campaign .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And this week , the industry 's efforts will go national for the first time .','It unveils a $ 7 million advertising campaign .')

Input: Competition and mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Competition have been the undoing of many resorts .','Mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts .')

Input: We used to show some hot-dog skier in his twenties or thirties going over the edge of a cliff , says Kathe Dillmann , a spokeswoman for the United Ski Industries Association , the trade group sponsoring the campaign .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was a few years ago .','Parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children .')

Input: To make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors , several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This is to make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors .',', Several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies .')

Input: People these days want something else to do besides ski and sit in the bar , says Don Borgeson , executive director of Angel Fire , N.M. 's Chamber of Commerce .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But some think that 's being overly optimistic .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some think .',''s being overly optimistic .')

Input: Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if -LCB- the industry -RCB- could handle that kind of an increase , says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Most people will come on the weekend , the slopes will be overcrowded and then these -LCB- new skiers -RCB- wo n't come back .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most people will come on the weekend .','The slopes will be overcrowded .','Then these -LCB- new skiers -RCB- wo n't come back .')

Input: The theory is that the stadium , damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , will be repaired by then , and that people will be able to get there .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The theory is that the stadium will be repaired by then , and that people will be able to get there .','The stadium was damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake .')

Input: But , at least , the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at least .','But the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side .')

Input: I thought and , I 'm sure , others did : You should n't have bothered .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I thought .','I 'm sure .','Others did .','You should n't have bothered .')

Input: Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio and TV reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces and asking how they feel about one calamity or another , fellow reporters and civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio and TV reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces and asking how they feel about one calamity or another , fellow reporters and civilians were eager to chat .','Fellow reporters and civilians spied my press credential .')

Input: It felt like I was on a station platform and a train went by , said one man , describing my own reaction .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes , confessed a friend .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park , but battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park .','Battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful .')

Input: It took me a half-hour to move 10 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an aisle , and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a half-block away .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('It took me a half-hour .','This was to move 10 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an aisle , and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a half-block away .')

Input: At my hotel , the Westin , power was out , some interior plaster had broken loose and there had been water damage , but little else .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at my hotel .','The Westin , power was out , some interior plaster had broken loose and there had been water damage , but little else .')

Input: I expected him to say , I told you so , but he already was snoring .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('I expected him to say .','He already was snoring .')

Input: But the UAL collapse , he says , may tell you it 's not going to work that easily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the UAL collapse , he says , may tell you .','It 's not going to work that easily .')

Input: Executives of Citicorp and Chase Manhattan declined to comment on either the UAL situation , or on the changing nature of banks ' role in financing takeovers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As evidence , he cites yesterday 's arrangement for the final financing of a $ 3 billion bid for American Medical International Inc. in which Chemical served as both the lead bank and an equity investor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as evidence .','He cites yesterday 's arrangement for the final financing of a $ 3 billion bid for American Medical International Inc. in which Chemical served as both the lead bank and an equity investor .')

Input: One hostile bidder who deliberately avoided using junk bonds was Paramount Communications Inc. in its initial offer to acquire Time Inc. for $ 10.7 billion , or $ 175 a share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('One hostile bidder who deliberately avoided using junk bonds was Paramount Communications Inc. in its initial offer to acquire Time Inc. for $ 10.7 billion .','One hostile bidder who deliberately avoided using junk bonds was Paramount Communications Inc. in its initial offer to acquire Time Inc. for $ 175 a share .')

Input: The earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share .','The earnings also mark a significant drop .')

Input: The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material , repair and maintenance , and labor costs .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','Its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material , repair and maintenance , and labor costs .')

Input: However , he noted that steel mill bookings are up from early summer levels , and that he expects the company to improve its cost performance in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he noted .','That steel mill bookings are up from early summer levels , and that he expects the company to improve its cost performance in the fourth quarter .')

Input: And liquidity is what markets need to damp quakes and aftershocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And liquidity is .','Markets need to damp quakes and aftershocks .')

Input: And in financial markets , irrational behavior is sometimes translated into catastrophe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve -LRB- buy and sell orders at each price -RRB- entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in an open electronic system .','Any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve -LRB- buy and sell orders at each price -RRB- entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders .')

Input: But I am sure we need to maximize our earthquake protection by making certain that our market structures let investors add their mighty shock-damping power to our nation 's markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some may have forgotten -- and some younger ones may never have experienced -- what it 's like to invest during a recession .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some may have forgotten -- and some younger ones may never have experienced -- .','It 's like to invest during a recession .')

Input: Different tactics are called for , as losing money becomes easier and making money becomes tougher .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Different tactics are called for , as losing money and making money becomes tougher .','Becomes easier money .')

Input: That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But the investors are left stranded with money .','This was to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny .')

Input: Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside , and this could be a disaster .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside .','This could be a disaster .')

Input: Municipal bonds are generally a bit safer than corporate bonds in a recession , but not as safe as bonds issued by the federal government .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Municipal bonds are generally a bit safer than corporate bonds in a recession , but not as safe as bonds .','Bonds were issued by the federal government .')

Input: And , like corporates , many municipal bonds are callable .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is like corporates .','And many municipal bonds are callable .')

Input: Investors , he advises , should be cautious , holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is than usual .','Investors , he advises , should be cautious , holding fewer stocks and also shunning bonds .')

Input: This late in an expansion , the economy tends to veer off either into damaging inflation or into a recession , Mr. Confair says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Confair is Mr. .','This late in an expansion , the economy tends to veer off either into damaging inflation or into a recession , Confair says .')

Input: It has to be engineered over and over again , month after month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But whatever their advice about timing , none of these experts recommend jettisoning stocks entirely during a recession .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Low P-E stocks , he says , vastly outperform others during a recession or bear market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is during a recession or bear market .','Low P-E stocks , he says , vastly outperform others .')

Input: And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 , just before the crash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was just before the crash .','And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 .')

Input: And it 's way above the ratio -LRB- 7.5 times cash flow -RRB- that bigger companies are selling for .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And it 's way above the ratio -LRB- 7.5 times cash flow -RRB- .','Bigger companies are selling for .')

Input: Since last week 's junk-bond market debacle , many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been scaled back , delayed or dropped .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was since last week 's junk-bond market debacle .','Many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been scaled back , delayed or dropped .')

Input: Everything is going through firehoops right now , and -LCB- Chicago & North Western -RCB- is no exception , said Mariel Clemensen , vice president , high-yield research , at Citicorp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Portfolio managers say sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what Portfolio managers say .',', Sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals .')

Input: Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Premium Government National Mortgage Association securities with coupon rates of 13 % and higher actually declined amid concerns about increased prepayments because of a plan being considered by Congress to speed the refinancing of government-subsidized mortgages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about increased prepayments because of a plan being considered by Congress to speed the refinancing of government-subsidized mortgages .','Premium Government National Mortgage Association securities with coupon rates of 13 % and higher actually declined amid concerns .')

Input: It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket costing $ 3.83 , and wo n't you give him the difference ?
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It may be straightforward -- he wants money for food -- or incredibly convoluted ; his sister is at this very moment near death in Hoboken , he has lost his wallet and has only $ 1.22 in change to put toward a bus ticket , and wo n't you give him the difference ? .','A bus ticket was costing $ 3.83 .')

Input: But will it ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs , high-living operators , and downright fraud .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs .','It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by high-living operators .','It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by downright fraud .')

Input: State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams .','Reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging .')

Input: The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected .','The former officials could n't be located .')

Input: Running a charity does cost money , but reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Running a charity does cost money .','Reputable organizations manage to get the lion 's share of donations out to where they are really needed .')

Input: The Arthritis Foundation , the American Cancer Society and the United Way of America all say that they spend roughly 90 % of their income on programs , not overhead .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Arthritis Foundation , the American Cancer Society and the United Way of America say .','They spend roughly 90 % of their income on programs , not overhead .')

Input: This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation .',', Such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently .')

Input: All too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , Do n't smoke ! or Wear suntan lotion , says William Webster , attorney general of Missouri .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A few boilerplate warnings about cancer appear but that 's only two inches in all four pages .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('A few boilerplate warnings about cancer appear .','That 's only two inches in all four pages .')

Input: And sometimes a reputable charity with a household name gets used and does n't even know it .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And sometimes a reputable charity with a household name gets used .','And sometimes a reputable charity with a household name does n't even know it .')

Input: But there was one bright spot yesterday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes .','This was to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets .')

Input: Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs , but would be subject to tax though no penalty .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs .',', Current IRAs would be subject to tax though no penalty .')

Input: Westmoreland Coal Co. , realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Westmoreland Coal Co. reported sharply improved third-quarter results .','Westmoreland Coal Co. was realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity .')

Input: Westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling low-sulphur coal in the Appalachia region .
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated .
Prediction: NONE

Input: An accounting adjustment made net income $ 1.5 million , or 18 cents a share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('An accounting adjustment made net income $ 1.5 million .','An accounting adjustment made net income 18 cents a share .')

Input: And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is from the premises .','And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos .')

Input: Wall Street has n't gotten that far yet , but it has made a promising start .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Wall Street has n't gotten that far yet .','It has made a promising start .')

Input: Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was reassuring .','Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are .')

Input: Such titles are designed to convey a sense of dignified , broad-scale competence and expertise in selling today 's myriad financial products .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in selling today 's myriad financial products .',', Such titles are designed to convey a sense of dignified , broad-scale competence and expertise .')

Input: They are still being sold , but more and more often as direct investments -- with all the same risks they had under the old label .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They are still being sold , but more and more often as direct investments -- with all the same risks .','They had direct investments under the old label .')

Input: To institutional investors or brokers , he adds , a company with value is a company at risk of being swallowed up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to institutional investors or brokers .','He adds , a company with value is a company at risk of being swallowed up .')

Input: I was amused to read your recent news stories on the banking industry 's reserve additions and concomitant threats to cease making new loans to less-developed countries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings -LRB- and management bonuses -RRB- ; the price , a sea of bad loans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('-- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings -LRB- and management bonuses -RRB- .','-- the price , a sea of bad loans .')

Input: Sony promptly countersued , charging Warner with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was with trying to sabotage its acquisitions and hurt its efforts to enter the U.S. movie business .',', Sony promptly countersued , charging Warner .')

Input: Yet , they are far and away the most prolific producers in Hollywood .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is yet .','They are far and away the most prolific producers in Hollywood .')

Input: And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And despite their share of duds , they make movies .','Movies make money .')

Input: And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect good cop , bad cop team , Hollywood associates say .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The perfect good cop is bad cop team .','But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect good cop , Hollywood associates say .')

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber is Mr. .','Guber and Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way .')

Input: I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , says Mr. Peters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he wanted to pursue his own dream , and he went .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But he wanted to pursue his own dream .','But he went .')

Input: Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Peter will take the kernel of that idea ... .','Peter will make it grow into something specific ... .')

Input: -LRB- The sale caused a rift between the widow and some of her husband 's followers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('-LRB- The sale caused a rift between the widow .','-LRB- The sale caused some of her husband 's followers .')

Input: It 's hardly astonishing -LRB- given the men 's track record -RRB- that Sony wants Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .','It 's hardly astonishing -LRB- given the men 's track record -RRB- that Sony wants Guber and Peters .')

Input: But though people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the case of Peter and Jon , the ink has been very , very black .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the case of Peter and Jon .','The ink has been very , very black .')

Input: And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is as ingrates .','And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers .')

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .','Guber and Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony .')

Input: From the beginning , -LCB- they -RCB- knew we had a goal and a dream , says Mr. Guber .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Guber was Mr. .','Guber and Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner .')

Input: And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what they say .','There are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts .')

Input: And there 's more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They have sold issues backed by car loans , boat loans and recreational-vehicle loans .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They have sold issues backed by car loans .','They have sold issues backed by boat loans .','They have sold issues backed by recreational-vehicle loans .')

Input: Most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most issues have been sold to professional money managers .','Most issues have been sold to pension funds .','Most issues have been sold to bank trust departments .','Most issues have been sold to other institutions .')

Input: Asset-backed securities are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds , says Craig J. Goldberg , managing director and head of the asset-backed securities group at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But skeptics question whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what skeptics question .','Whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks .')

Input: That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what skeptics ask .','Why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper .')

Input: But it could be much worse .
Prediction: NONE

Input: More money has been lost reaching for yield than in all the stock speculations , scams and frauds of all time .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was than in all the stock speculations , scams and frauds of all time .','More money has been lost reaching for yield .')

Input: But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to either of those alternatives .','But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds .')

Input: It found them in a cautious , but not downbeat , mood .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a cautious , but not downbeat , mood .','It found them .')

Input: Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 .','Journal readers are relatively affluent .')

Input: The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets .','Their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago .')

Input: But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But as of August , only 50 % actually had stock-market investments of that size .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it appears that many Journal readers were taking that news as a sign to be cautious , rather than a signal to jump on the bandwagon .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But it appears .','Many Journal readers were taking that news as a sign to be cautious , rather than a signal to jump on the bandwagon .')

Input: He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','That Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read .')

Input: Notwithstanding foreign ownership of Connaught , this accord would enhance research and development in Canada , said James Keffer , the university 's vice president of research .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ciba-Geigy is a Swiss pharmaceutical company and Chiron is based in Emeryville , Calif .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Ciba-Geigy is a Swiss pharmaceutical company .',', Chiron is based in Emeryville , Calif .')

Input: But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there was a dearth of sellers .','But buyers had to bid prices up to entice them .')

Input: It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It was five in the afternoon .','That was Pacific time .')

Input: Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: And no one was shouting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The wall behind me was slightly deformed , but the center had held .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The wall behind me was slightly deformed .','The center had held .')

Input: But the broadcasts continued through the blacked-out night , with pictures of the sandwiched highway ganglion in Oakland and firefighting in the Marina district .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was with pictures of the sandwiched highway ganglion in Oakland and firefighting in the Marina district .','But the broadcasts continued through the blacked-out night .')

Input: By then , our little sand village of cars had been linked with a global village of listeners and viewers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by then .','Our little sand village of cars had been linked with a global village of listeners and viewers .')

Input: Everyone at the Stick that day had started out as a spectator and ended up as a participant .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Everyone at the Stick that day had started out as a spectator .','Everyone at the Stick that day ended up as a participant .')

Input: In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in fact .','The entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience .')

Input: And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was actually after the close .','And by late Friday afternoon we decided that was the wrong tone to take .')

Input: Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation .',', Chinese and foreign economists now predict low growth .',', Chinese and foreign economists now predict high inflation .')

Input: The slowdown is taking hold a lot more quickly and devastatingly than anyone had expected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nor are any of these inefficient monoliths likely to be allowed to go bankrupt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rather , the brunt of the slowdown will be felt in the fast-growing private and semi-private township enterprises , which have fallen into disfavor as China 's leaders re-emphasize an orthodox Marxist preference for public ownership .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was rather .','The brunt of the slowdown will be felt in the fast-growing private and semi-private township enterprises , which have fallen into disfavor as China 's leaders re-emphasize an orthodox Marxist preference for public ownership .')

Input: But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures .','This is to pump new life into the economy .')

Input: But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth .','But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of steep inflation .')

Input: And heavy-industry lobbyists are quietly discussing the possibility of reinstating the investment tax credit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But lawmakers of both parties agree that the streamlining was temporary .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what lawmakers of both parties agree .','The streamlining was temporary .')

Input: Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions .','Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts .')

Input: Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting .','This was to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes .')

Input: The return of pro-investment tax breaks such as those for capital gains and IRAs creates more of a mood or a mindset that is helpful for getting better depreciation -LRB- write-offs -RRB- or investment credits , says Paul Huard , a vice president for the National Association of Manufacturers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Sotheby 's , Christie 's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But Sotheby 's are still trying to get theirs .','But Christie 's are still trying to get theirs .','But the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs .')

Input: They wanted reform and they got a revolution , says overhaul advocate Rep. Willis Gradison -LRB- R. , Ohio -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He does n't just walk off the mound and weep .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He does n't just walk off the mound .','He does n't just weep .')

Input: But the lovebirds have a conflict .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan has been a major importer of foreign information and news , says Mr. Shioya .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West 's third-quarter profit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: State and local taxes increased to $ 131.3 million from $ 99.1 million a year ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 99.1 million a year ago .',', State and local taxes increased to $ 131.3 million .')

Input: Most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth in nonregulated business units , it added .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in nonregulated business units .','Most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth , it added .')

Input: Our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , said William C. Ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 1990 and a one-time accrual for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to customers in 1990 with long-distance telephone companies .','Revenue was reduced $ 33 million by three extraordinary items : a California Public Utilities Commission refund for an American Telephone & Telegraph Co. billing adjustment ; a provision for productivity sharing to be paid to a one-time accrual for a toll settlement with long-distance telephone companies .')

Input: A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman said Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman said .','Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible .')

Input: Generally in the quarter , overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was generally in the quarter .','Overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability .')

Input: Fina blamed lower chemical prices , reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance shutdowns .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Fina blamed lower chemical prices .','Fina blamed reduced gasoline margins .','Fina blamed refinery maintenance shutdowns .')

Input: Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million from $ 319 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 319 million .','Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million .')

Input: For the nine months , Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the nine months .','Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results .')

Input: Concerns about the stock market , doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies also haunt store operators .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The stock market is doubts about the economy in general and rising competition from catalog companies .',', Concerns about the stock market also haunt store operators .')

Input: Profits at Christmas could be under attack for every retailer , asserts Norman Abramson , president and chief operating officer of Clothestime Inc. , an off-price chain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are going to be very clear winners and very clear losers , says Cynthia Turk , a Touche Ross & Co. retail consultant .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , says Woolworth Corp. Chairman Harold E. Sells , but it is n't going to be a bust either .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes .','It is n't going to be a bust either .')

Input: Most will stay open late Saturday night and open their doors again Sunday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most will stay open late Saturday night .','Most will open their doors again Sunday .')

Input: But many consumers probably will use the extra time to put off some purchasing until the last minute .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('But many consumers probably will use the extra time .','This is to put off some purchasing until the last minute .')

Input: The others endure the hot sun of the plains and scowl like cornered wild beasts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The others endure the hot sun of the plains .','The others scowl like cornered wild beasts .')

Input: Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and significantly lower results for fiscal 1989 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Because of the charge .','This is what ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and significantly lower results for fiscal 1989 .')

Input: The charges consist of : a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in Ashland 's Riley Consolidated subsidiary ; a previously announced $ 38 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 325 million settlement with National Iranian Oil Co. and a $ 15 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its Ashland Technology Corp. subsidiary .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The charges consist of : a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in Ashland 's Riley Consolidated subsidiary .','The charges consist of : a previously announced $ 38 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 325 million settlement with National Iranian Oil Co. .','The charges consist of : a $ 15 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its Ashland Technology Corp. subsidiary .')

Input: The -LCB- influence of the -RCB- U.S. is not being felt in Central America ; Washington 's decisions do not respond to a policy , and are divorced from reality , says Fernando Volio , a Costa Rican congressman and former foreign minister .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It is capable of reaching the entire Caribbean area and deep into North America .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But in the light of events in Panama , where the U.S. has such clear strategic interests , waiting for the Delta Force may prove to be a dangerous gambit .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('But in the light of events in Panama , waiting for the Delta Force may prove to be a dangerous gambit .','The U.S. has such clear strategic interests .')

Input: The television units of Paramount Communications Inc. and MCA Inc. are exploring the possibility of offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week , industry executives say .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The television units of Paramount Communications Inc. and MCA Inc. are exploring the possibility of offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week .','This is what industry executives say .')

Input: Although such a venture would n't match the fourth network created by News Corp. 's Fox Broadcasting Co. , MCA and Paramount may have similar ambitions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Such a venture would n't match the fourth network created by News Corp. 's Fox Broadcasting Co. .','MCA and Paramount may have similar ambitions .')

Input: Under the agreement , BanPonce stockholders will be able to exchange each of their shares for either shares in the new entity or cash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is under the agreement .','BanPonce stockholders will be able to exchange each of their shares for either shares in the new entity or cash .')

Input: The primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies and will be known as Banco Popular de Puerto Rico .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies .','The primary subsidiary will be known as Banco Popular de Puerto Rico .')

Input: BanPonce reacted cooly at first , but appeared to be won over , analysts said , by Banco Popular 's assurances that it wanted only a friendly transaction .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('BanPonce reacted cooly at first .','BanPonce appeared to be won over , analysts said , by Banco Popular 's assurances that it wanted only a friendly transaction .')

Input: Banco Popular just kept waiting , said Edward Thompson , a vice president and analyst at Thomson BankWatch Inc. in New York .
Prediction: NONE

Input: BanPonce caters to a more affluent customer , while Banco Popular has always had a large presence among middle-income and lower-income markets .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('BanPonce caters to a more affluent customer .','Banco Popular has always had a large presence among middle-income and lower-income markets .')

Input: The newly merged company will have 165 branches in Puerto Rico and 27 branches outside of the island .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The newly merged company will have 165 branches in Puerto Rico of the island .','The newly merged company will have 165 branches in 27 branches outside of the island .')

Input: But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said .','This year 's profit will be lower .')

Input: Millicom Inc. said it is one of two companies to receive a license to introduce and operate a cellular mobile telephone system in Pakistan .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Millicom Inc. said .','It is one of two companies to receive a license to introduce and operate a cellular mobile telephone system in Pakistan .')

Input: At a shareholders ' meeting in London , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said at a shareholders ' meeting in London .','It received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets .')

Input: Before the recent tumult in global financial markets , B.A.T officials , holders and analysts had expected a substantial part of the restructuring to be complete by the end of the first half .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was before the recent tumult in global financial markets .','B.A.T officials , holders and analysts had expected a substantial part of the restructuring to be complete by the end of the first half .')

Input: Company officials say the flotations of the paper and British retailing businesses are likely only after the disposals of the U.S. retailing assets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what company officials say .','The flotations of the paper and British retailing businesses are likely only after the disposals of the U.S. retailing assets .')

Input: In Sacramento , a transportation department spokesman said he could n't immediately confirm or deny existence of the test work .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a transportation department spokesman said in Sacramento .','He could n't immediately confirm or deny existence of the test work .')

Input: The collapse of the span has provoked surprise and anger among state officials .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was among state officials .','The collapse of the span has provoked surprise and anger .')

Input: Unfortunately , there is only one laboratory for developing techniques to withstand earthquakes , and that is an earthquake , said Burch Bachtold , San Francisco district director for the transportation department .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 but the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the proposal .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 .','The company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the proposal .')

Input: The debt consists of $ 50 million of 13 3\/8 % subordinated notes due 1998 , and $ 25 million of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2012 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The debt consists of $ 50 million of 133\/8 % subordinated notes due 1998 .','The debt consists $ 25 million of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2012 .')

Input: Bonn and Washington are leading supporters of Poland 's request for a $ 1 billion stand-by credit from the International Monetary Fund .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The package was brought to the House just 15 days after it was introduced , indicating Congress 's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('The package was brought to the House .','It was introduced , indicating Congress 's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms .')

Input: Deutsche Bank AG , which last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the Soviet Union , is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland as they shift to free-market economies .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Deutsche Bank AG is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland as they shift to free-market economies .','Deutsche Bank AG last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the Soviet Union .')

Input: Only a month ago he 'd warned Congress not to pass legislation to pay for abortions in cases of rape or incest .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Amid charges of timidity on Panama and elsewhere , the president was n't about to offend his most energetic constituency .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was amid charges of timidity on Panama and elsewhere .','The president was n't about to offend his most energetic constituency .')

Input: But Mr. Mahe adds , The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Mahe is Mr. .','But Mahe adds , The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side .')

Input: But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Polls are no substitute for principle , but they 'll do for some politicians .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Polls are no substitute for principle .','They 'll do for some politicians .')

Input: Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though HHS spends billions a year on both .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter .','HHS spends billions a year on both .')

Input: Within a few years , the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted , but not completely banned .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was within a few years .','The outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted , but not completely banned .')

Input: The FADA real-estate package , with an asking price of $ 428 million , is comprised of 150 properties in Texas , California , Colorado , Arizona and Florida .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with an asking price of $ 428 million .','The FADA real-estate package is comprised of 150 properties in Texas , California , Colorado , Arizona and Florida .')

Input: It includes apartments , shopping centers , office buildings and undeveloped land .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It includes apartments .','It includes shopping centers .','It includes office buildings .','It includes undeveloped land .')

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: Virginia Public School Authority -- $ 55.7 million of school financing bonds , 1989 Series B -LRB- 1987 resolution -RRB- , due 19912000 , 2005 and 2010 , through a BT Securities Corp. group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The $ 11,775,000 of term bonds due 2006 and the $ 13,865,000 of term bonds due 2009 are n't being formally reoffered .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bonds are insured .','The bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 and additional increments of $ 5,000 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 .','The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in additional increments of $ 5,000 .')

Input: And it works best in high-powered personal computers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But some investors and consultants who have tried it are enthusiastic .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But some investors and consultants are enthusiastic .',', Some investors and consultants have tried it .')

Input: It also tracks personnel and financial announcements by NEC 's distributors and customers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is by NEC 's distributors and customers .','It also tracks personnel and financial announcements .')

Input: It compares the position of key words in the story ; words in the headline or first paragraph get a higher value .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It compares the position of key words in the story .','Words in the headline or first paragraph get a higher value .')

Input: Computer picking is n't perfect , says Harvey Golomb , president and founder of Pinpoint .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So-called E-mail is the collection of inter-office memos , gossip , technical data , schedules and directives distributed over local and national computer networks .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', So-called E-mail is the collection of inter-office memos distributed over local and national computer networks .',', So-called E-mail is the collection of gossip distributed over local and national computer networks .',', So-called E-mail is the collection of technical data distributed over local and national computer networks .',', So-called E-mail is the collection of schedules distributed over local and national computer networks .',', So-called E-mail is the collection of directives distributed over local and national computer networks .')

Input: A New York Stock Exchange arbitration panel ordered Dean Witter to pay $ 404,294 in back bonuses to William Kelly , the company 's former head of high-yield , high-risk junk-bond trading and sales .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to William Kelly , the company 's former head of high-yield , high-risk junk-bond trading and sales .','A New York Stock Exchange arbitration panel ordered Dean Witter to pay $ 404,294 in back bonuses .')

Input: The sums awarded to Messrs. Kelly and Newcomb represent bonuses the two men said they deserved from the first half of 1988 , but which were n't paid because of a dispute over an incentive contract .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Kelly was Messrs. .','The sums awarded to Kelly and Newcomb represent bonuses the two men said they deserved from the first half of 1988 , but which were n't paid because of a dispute over an incentive contract .')

Input: Year-earlier results for the quarter and the nine months were restated to reflect a change in accounting standards .
Prediction: NONE

Input: DARMAN', S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him in Congress .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in Congress .','DARMAN ', S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him .')

Input: But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But Darman suggests .',', Such tensions will dissipate quickly .')

Input: Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates .','The U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects .')

Input: A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , she proclaims .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest .','This is what she proclaims .')

Input: But Burns confesses in an interview : That 's not my handwriting .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But Burns confesses in an interview .','That 's not my handwriting .')

Input: Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Ted Turner is Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc .','Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner .')

Input: But because of the uncertainty of the outcome of the suit , Mr. Conner 's team has done little to begin gearing up to defend its title .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Conner was Mr. .','But because of the uncertainty of the outcome of the suit , Conner 's team has done little to begin gearing up to defend its title .')

Input: If you do n't know what the rules of the game are , it 's hard to start your fund-raising or design , said Dana Smith , an official with Team Dennis Conner .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A community of abandoned farmsteads , failing businesses , and crumbling roads and bridges is hardly a desirable one ... .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Throughout the 1970s , Stamford school and city officials made no effort to locate the mural .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was throughout the 1970s .',', Stamford school and city officials made no effort to locate the mural .')

Input: But so-called outer month contracts finished higher .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time .','Their cases reach a judge .')

Input: Even claims against individuals and companies face significant roadblocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Built into the statute are so-called design immunities , which are likely to protect government agencies , according to Mr. Ruvolo and Richard Covert , a lawyer with the California Department of Transportation , which oversees the damaged Bay Bridge .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte and Touche world-wide and joined Coopers & Lybrand .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte and Touche world-wide .','The British Deloitte firm recently joined Coopers & Lybrand .')

Input: Although accountants are n't noted as being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The defection of Deloitte 's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand will make Coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in Europe , rivaling KPMG Peat Marwick there .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The defection of Deloitte 's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand will make Coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in Europe .','The defection of Deloitte 's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand are rivaling KPMG Peat Marwick there .')

Input: But other Bush administration officials have criticized Maryland Gov. William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('William Schaefer was Maryland Gov. .','But other Bush administration officials have criticized William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state .')

Input: The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Preparedness involves more than flashlights and fire alarms these days .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Preparedness involves more than flashlights these days .','Preparedness involves fire alarms these days .')

Input: Some big companies have teams of in-house experts focusing on safety and business resumption .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Some big companies have teams of in-house experts .','In-house experts are focusing on safety and business resumption .')

Input: The Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker scrambled to set up a special phone line to tell manufacturing and support staff to stay home Wednesday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sales and service employees were asked to report to work to help Bay area clients who called with computer problems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Sales and service employees were asked to report to work to help Bay area clients .','Bay area clients called with computer problems .')

Input: Some people flat out did n't know what to do , says Robert G. Lee , vice president for emergency planning and corporate security at Great Western .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company also maintains rechargeable flashlights in offices and changes its standby supply of drinking water every three months .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company also maintains rechargeable flashlights in offices .','The company also changes its standby supply of drinking water every three months .')

Input: Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies .','The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using cellular phones .','The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using a public-address system .')

Input: But two other major storms have threatened operations so far this year , most recently Hurricane Jerry this week .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But two other major storms have threatened operations so far this year .','Most recently Hurricane Jerry this week .')

Input: Because hurricanes can change course rapidly , the company sends employees home and shuts down operations in stages -- the closer a storm gets , the more complete the shutdown .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They told her , We do n't hire fat people and we do n't hire cripples .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They told her .','We do n't hire fat people .','We do n't hire cripples .')

Input: And pregnant women are fat .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts agreed with company expectations that operating profit will be down this year and in 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts agreed with company expectations .','Operating profit will be down this year and in 1990 .')

Input: But many newspapers are facing similar comparisons .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investors celebrated the second anniversary of Black Monday with a buying spree in both stocks and bonds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with a buying spree in both stocks and bonds .','Investors celebrated the second anniversary of Black Monday .')

Input: Stock and bond investors were cheered by last month 's encouragingly low inflation rate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Wall Street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports during the next few weeks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is during the next few weeks .','But Wall Street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports .')

Input: We 're not out of the woods yet by any means , said George R. Mateyo , president and chief executive of Carnegie Capital Management Co. , Cleveland .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But many individual investors are leery about stocks because of fresh signs of fragility in the huge junk-bond market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Investors also are anxious about today 's witching hour , the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Investors also are anxious about today 's witching hour .','Investors also are anxious about the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options .','Investors also are anxious about options on individual stocks .')

Input: But it fell to 1.8470 marks from 1.8485 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 1.8485 .','But it fell to 1.8470 marks .')

Input: Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above 40 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Now that percentage routinely equals a third .','Now that percentage twice has been above 40 % .')

Input: First , why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century : Prior to the election of Franklin Roosevelt as president and the advent of the New Deal , government occupied a much smaller role in society and the prisoner 's dilemma problem confronting voters in races for Congress was considerably less severe .
Prediction: NONE

Input: An additional piece of evidence from the Senate : Holding other factors constant , such as incumbency advantages and regional factors , the difference between popular votes for Republican presidential and senatorial candidates in states conducting a Senate election turns out to be a positive function of how onerous the federal government 's tax burden is per state -LRB- a progressive tax rate hits higher-income states harder -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The measure before the conference yesterday funds the Departments of State , Justice and Commerce through fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is through fiscal 1990 .','The measure before the conference yesterday funds the Departments of State , Justice and Commerce .')

Input: But yesterday 's agreement would make it easier for state governments to handle the promised aid by deferring for one year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by deferring for one year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants .','But yesterday 's agreement would make it easier for state governments to handle the promised aid .')

Input: Watching Congress sweat and grimace through its annual budget labors , fighting the urge to spend more , we 're reminded of those late-night movies in which the anguished serial killer turns himself in to police and says , Stop me before I kill again .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We was watching Congress sweat and grimace through its annual budget labors , fighting the urge to spend more .','We 're reminded of those late-night movies in which the anguished serial killer turns himself in to police and says , Stop me before I kill again .')

Input: Today a President can still send up spending rescissions , but they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Today a President can still send up spending rescissions .','They 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind .')

Input: This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens , and naturally rescissions are almost never approved .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens .','Naturally rescissions are almost never approved .')

Input: That is a minimum figure , and I underscore minimum , said House Speaker Thomas Foley -LRB- D. , Wash . -RRB- after conferring with California lawmakers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Office of Management and Budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds for earthquake repairs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for earthquake repairs .','The Office of Management and Budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds .')

Input: The day before the quake , Seagate completed three days of emergency training and drills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Among the city 's banks , Bank of America said all but eight of its 850 branches were open .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bank of America said among the city 's banks .','All but eight of its 850 branches were open .')

Input: Many streets and sidewalks buckled , and subterranean water mains and service connections ruptured .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Many streets and sidewalks buckled .',', Subterranean water mains and service connections ruptured .')

Input: The Asian Art Museum in Golden Gate Park reports $ 10 million to $ 15 million in damage , including shattered porcelains and stone figures .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including shattered porcelains and stone figures .','The Asian Art Museum in Golden Gate Park reports $ 10 million to $ 15 million in damage .')

Input: But lawmakers want to extend the period for 100 % federal funding for several months .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for 100 % federal funding for several months .','But lawmakers want to extend the period .')

Input: Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was between Oakland and San Francisco .',', Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge daily .')

Input: Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Westin St. Francis hotel , which survived the 1906 earthquake and fire , currently is less than 50 % occupied .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Westin St. Francis hotel currently is less than 50 % occupied .','The Westin St. Francis hotel survived the 1906 earthquake and fire .')

Input: The usual problem with including communists in interim coalition governments is that their ideology and methods require they squeeze out everyone else .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The usual problem with including communists in interim coalition governments is .','Their ideology and methods require they squeeze out everyone else .')

Input: That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That would leave Hun Sen .','That would leave the Khmer Rouge .')

Input: The Hun Sen regime has sent thousands of conscript laborers to die of malaria and malnourishment while building Cambodia 's equivalent of the Berlin Wall near the Thai border .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The Hun Sen regime has sent thousands of conscript laborers .','This was to die of malaria and malnourishment while building Cambodia 's equivalent of the Berlin Wall near the Thai border .')

Input: These utopians caused the deaths -- by starvation , disease or execution -- of well over one million Cambodians .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there is no solid evidence .','The Khmer Rouge have changed .')

Input: U.S. diplomacy has done it before , and it will likely do it again .
Prediction: CO/LIST('U.S. diplomacy has done it before .','It will likely do it again .')

Input: The administration and Congress have lately tangoed around the idea of sending military aid to Cambodia 's non-communists .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The administration have lately tangoed around the idea of sending military aid to Cambodia 's non-communists .',', Congress have lately tangoed around the idea of sending military aid to Cambodia 's non-communists .')

Input: At the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at the very least .','The odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents .')

Input: When that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('That day comes .','It would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor .')

Input: He takes additional responsibility for newspaper sales and distribution of the Financial Times in North America .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He takes additional responsibility for newspaper sales .','He takes distribution of the Financial Times in North America .')

Input: Clinton and Timken agreed not to disclose the value of the contract .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The scene opens with pinstripe-suited executives -- Easterners , obviously -- glued to cellular phones and hightailing it out of town in chauffeur-driven limousines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was obviously .','The scene opens with pinstripe-suited executives -- Easterners -- glued to cellular phones and hightailing it out of town in chauffeur-driven limousines .')

Input: The carpetbaggers , snorts the narrator with a Texas twang , have packed their bags and went .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The carpetbaggers , snorts the narrator with a Texas twang , have packed their bags .','The carpetbaggers , snorts the narrator with a Texas twang , went .')

Input: But , he continues , They 're forgetting we 're all Texans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But , he continues , They 're forgetting .','We 're all Texans .')

Input: North Carolinians , New Yorkers , Californians , Chicagoans and Ohioans own Texas banks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('North Carolinians are New Yorkers , Californians , Chicagoans and Ohioans .','North Carolinians own Texas banks .')

Input: You know , she says , stereotypical stuff like armadillos , cowboys and football .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is like armadillos , cowboys and football .','You know , she says , stereotypical stuff .')

Input: Not exactly sophisticated market research , but who cares as long as the campaigns work .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And ad agencies insist that they do .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what ad agencies insist .','They do .')

Input: Commercials will highlight heart-rending scenes of Texas and chest-swelling , ain't-it-great-to-be-a-Texan music .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dell Computer Corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per-share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dell Computer Corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said .','Its per-share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts .')

Input: TransAtlantic Holdings PLC , a British-based , South African-controlled financial services investment group , and France 's Societe Centrale Union des Assurances de Paris reached an accord effectively reducing chances of an unfriendly takeover for Sun Life Assurance Society PLC .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('TransAtlantic Holdings PLC , a British-based , South African-controlled financial services investment group , and France 's Societe Centrale Union des Assurances de Paris reached an accord .','An accord was reducing chances of an unfriendly takeover for Sun Life Assurance Society PLC .')

Input: But excluding businesses acquired or sold , revenue was flat at about $ 1.24 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Aussedat Rey is a leading French maker of copying and electronic printing paper .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an accrual for stock-appreciation rights that reflected a 19 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an accrual for stock-appreciation rights .','An accrual for stock-appreciation rights reflected a 19 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses .')

Input: The company , founded and controlled by Harbanse Doman , its chairman and president , said the purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest forest products company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company , founded and controlled by Harbanse Doman , its chairman and president , said .','The purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest forest products company .')

Input: International Forest , Western Forest , and Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns .
Prediction: CO/LIST('International Forest are Vancouver-based forest products concerns .','Western Forest are Vancouver-based forest products concerns .','Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns .')

Input: The Canadian government introduced in the House of Commons legislation to extend federal regulatory authority over provincial government-owned telephone utilities in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The Canadian government introduced in the House of Commons legislation .','This was to extend federal regulatory authority over provincial government-owned telephone utilities in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba .')

Input: The governments of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba have strongly opposed federal regulation of their telephone companies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents , while the RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents .','The RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions .')

Input: The new institution is also called Century Bank , and the failed bank 's five offices will reopen today .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The new institution is also called Century Bank .','The failed bank 's five offices will reopen today .')

Input: The newly chartered bank will assume about $ 125.7 million in 10,300 deposit accounts and pay the FDIC a purchase premium of $ 2.9 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The newly chartered bank will assume about $ 125.7 million in 10,300 deposit accounts .','The newly chartered bank will pay the FDIC a purchase premium of $ 2.9 million .')

Input: This will give Paribas and Lonrho joint control of Societe Commerciale .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 1,400 patents and patent applications relating to optical-disk recording technology .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 1,400 patents and patent applications .','About 1,400 patents and patent applications are relating to optical-disk recording technology .')

Input: IBM and MCA formed Discovision in 1979 to make laser-read optical products .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('IBM and MCA formed Discovision in 1979 .','This was to make laser-read optical products .')

Input: But the partners did n't believe the market for the systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the partners did n't believe the market .','The systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped .')

Input: The agreement is contingent on certain government approvals and should be completed later this year .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The agreement is contingent on certain government approvals .','The agreement should be completed later this year .')

Input: Prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in Europe , Asia and the Pacific .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in Europe .','Prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in Asia .','Prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in the Pacific .')

Input: Kawasaki Steel was down 11 at 788 , Kobe Steel lost 5 to 723 , and Nippon Steel slipped 6 to 729 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Kawasaki Steel was down 11 at 788 .','Nippon Steel slipped 6 to 729 .')

Input: But despite the flurry of interest in those shares , dealers said , the market remains nervous about Wall Street 's volatility and high U.K. interest rates .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in
Prediction: CO/LIST('Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand .','Insurers recovered ground again on speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in .')

Input: B.A.T Industries surged in afternoon dealings after its shareholders approved a plan to dispose of its U.S. and U.K. retailing operations to fend off Hoylake Investment 's # 13.4 billion -LRB- $ 21.33 billion -RRB- hostile bid .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('B.A.T Industries surged in afternoon dealings .','Its shareholders approved a plan to dispose of its U.S. and U.K. retailing operations to fend off Hoylake Investment 's # 13.4 billion -LRB- $ 21.33 billion -RRB- hostile bid .')

Input: In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan , Amsterdam and Brussels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in other European markets .',', Shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan , Amsterdam and Brussels .')

Input: The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Mayor Art Agnos .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Art Agnos was Mayor .','The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Art Agnos .')

Input: Already the firm has paid $ 211,666 of the fine , the suit said , and it will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Already the firm has paid $ 211,666 of the fine .','It will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest .')

Input: STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday .','A favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates .')

Input: Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months .',', Special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul .')

Input: The TV units of Paramount and MCA are exploring offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to independent stations two nights .','The TV units of Paramount and MCA are exploring offering prime-time programming a week .')

Input: But Nynex , Pacific Telesis and U S West had lower profits .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But Nynex had lower profits .','But Pacific Telesis had lower profits .','But U S West had lower profits .')

Input: As directed by the board , NASA completed the evaluation and again chose CSC .
Prediction: CO/LIST('As directed by the board , NASA completed the evaluation .','As directed by the board , NASA again chose CSC .')

Input: Serious injuries or damages were n't reported .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Swedish Academy in Stockholm cited the 73-year-old Cela for rich and intensive prose .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for rich and intensive prose .','The Swedish Academy in Stockholm cited the 73-year-old Cela .')

Input: The editor of Pravda was dismissed and succeeded by a confidant of Soviet leader Gorbachev .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gorbachev was a confidant of Soviet leader .','The editor of Pravda was dismissed and succeeded by Gorbachev .')

Input: Argentina and Britain agreed to resume diplomatic and economic relations , seven years after the two nations battled over the Falkland Islands .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Argentina and Britain agreed to resume diplomatic and economic relations .',', Seven years after the two nations battled over the Falkland Islands .')

Input: But foreign-exchange dealers said the dollar staged a quick comeback , prompted by a round of short covering and some fresh buying interest later in the trading day .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what foreign-exchange dealers said .','The dollar staged a quick comeback , prompted by a round of short covering and some fresh buying interest later in the trading day .')

Input: He argued that both CPI and PPI have in fact decelerated since spring .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he argued .','Both CPI and PPI have in fact decelerated since spring .')

Input: Value of the properties and management interests was n't disclosed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the first six months .','The trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 .')

Input: Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Block 's tax-preparation business is mature .',', Some of its diversifications are facing tough competition .')

Input: But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow , says Mark Cremonie , director of research for Capital Supervisors Inc. , a Chicago firm that manages $ 6.5 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You go to any medium-sized town in the U.S. and you 're going to see H&R Block tax services .
Prediction: CO/LIST('You go to any medium-sized town in the U.S. .','You 're going to see H&R Block tax services .')

Input: The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing , according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That 's not bad , Mr. Sit says , but it sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('That 's not bad .','It sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 .')

Input: The stock was going no place and the earnings were so-so , said one .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Personnel Pool -LRB- temporary workers , mostly in the health-care area -RRB- chips in close to 25 % of sales but only about 9 % of earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is mostly in the health-care area .','Personnel Pool -LRB- temporary workers -RRB- chips in close to 25 % of sales but only about 9 % of earnings .')

Input: We 're still interested -LCB- in diversifying -RCB- , he says , but we 'd rather be prudent than make a mistake .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('We 're still interested -LCB- in diversifying -RCB- , he says .', CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('We 'd rather be prudent .','We 'd rather make a mistake .'))

Input: And he says Block 's other businesses are growing , although less consistently .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .','Block 's other businesses are growing , although less consistently .')

Input: -LRB- Puts , or sell options , would not be added until 1977 . -RRB-
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('-LRB- Puts would not be added until 1977 . -RRB- .','-LRB- sell options , would not be added until 1977 . -RRB- .')

Input: Last year , more than 1,800 traders on the CBOE bought and sold 112 million contracts on 178 listed stocks , 60 % of all U.S. listed options trading .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('112 million contracts on 178 listed stocks were 60 % of all U.S. listed options trading .','Last year , more than 1,800 traders on the CBOE bought and sold 112 million contracts on 178 listed stocks .')

Input: Glass sales to Canadian and European auto makers and sales of replacement auto glass in all markets increased .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But sale increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But sale increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements .','This was what the company said .')

Input: Also , chemicals sales were slightly down because of lower prices for vinyl chloride monomer and other chlorine derivatives .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was also .',', Chemicals sales were slightly down because of lower prices for vinyl chloride monomer and other chlorine derivatives .')

Input: The Japanese company said the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust act for the $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia and the $ 200 million offer for Guber-Peters expired Monday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Japanese company said .','The waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust act for the $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia and the $ 200 million offer for Guber-Peters expired Monday .')

Input: In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Sony also said two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy Columbia .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sony said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .','Two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy Columbia .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: Senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture and Nissho Iwai has the rest .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture .','Nissho Iwai has the rest .')

Input: Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May .',', Construction of the 34-floor building should be completed in April 1992 .')

Input: The Soviet Union has halted construction of two Chernobyl-type nuclear reactors and is reassessing the future of 12 other existing reactors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Soviet Union has halted construction of two Chernobyl-type nuclear reactors .','The Soviet Union is reassessing the future of 12 other existing reactors .')

Input: News of the halt comes amid growing anger in the Ukraine and Byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from Chernobyl .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for the first time since April 1986 .',', Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant .')

Input: Sales of Cherokee , the best-selling Jeep , and the lower-volume Wagoneer were actually up about 10 % through the end of last month .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sluggish sales of the Beretta and Corsica spurred GM to offer $ 800 rebates on those cars .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on those cars .',', Sluggish sales of the Beretta and Corsica spurred GM to offer $ 800 rebates .')

Input: GM has scheduled overtime at its Lordstown , Ohio , and Janesville , Wis. , assembly plants , which build the Chevrolet Cavalier .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('GM has scheduled overtime at its Lordstown , Ohio , and Janesville , Wis. , assembly plants .','Its Lordstown , Ohio , and Janesville , Wis. , assembly plants build the Chevrolet Cavalier .')

Input: The shutdown will idle 2,000 hourly employees and eliminate production of about 1,300 medium and heavy duty trucks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The shutdown will idle 2,000 hourly employees .','The shutdown will eliminate production of about 1,300 medium and heavy duty trucks .')

Input: Meanwhile , the nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 143,178 cars this week , down 11.7 % from 162,190 a year ago and flat with last week 's 142,117 car output .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is meanwhile .','The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 143,178 cars this week , down 11.7 % from 162,190 a year ago and flat with last week 's 142,117 car output .')

Input: f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins .','The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to lower net interest expense .')

Input: Loral said it expects sales to accelerate in both the third and fourth quarters of this fiscal year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Loral said .','It expects sales to accelerate in both the third and fourth quarters of this fiscal year .')

Input: Net was up 69 % from $ 15.1 million , or 57 cents a share , last year .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Net was up 69 % from $ 15.1 million last year .','Net was up 69 % from 57 cents a share , last year .')

Input: They include Enron Corp. , Texas Eastern Corp. , Pacific Interstate Transmission Co. and Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They include Enron Corp. .','They include Texas Eastern Corp. .','They include Pacific Interstate Transmission Co. .','They include Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co .')

Input: It also said projections of surging U.S. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of C$ 5.25 per thousand cubic feet by 2005 would make the project economically viable .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said .','Projections of surging U.S. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of C$ 5.25 per thousand cubic feet by 2005 would make the project economically viable .')

Input: And there has been a drastic decline in the importance of unincorporated business assets -- thanks to industry consolidation and a decline in family farms .
Prediction: CO/LIST('And there has been a drastic decline in the importance of unincorporated business assets -- thanks to industry consolidation .','And there has been a drastic decline in the importance of unincorporated business assets -- a decline in family farms .')

Input: But it has n't increased much relative to other assets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The main components of the various asseet categories : Housing : Primary home , but not the land it 's on .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bank Deposits : Currency , checking-account deposits , small savings and time deposits , certificates of deposits , money-market fund shares .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Unincorporated Business : Partnerships and sole proprietorships , professional corporations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: LIN would have a priority right to pursue all opportunities to acquire U.S. cellular interests in markets other than those in which McCaw holds an interest , or which are contiguous to those markets , unless LIN has an interest there or contiguous to it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in markets other than those in which McCaw holds an interest , or which are contiguous to those markets , unless LIN has an interest there or contiguous to it .','LIN would have a priority right to pursue all opportunities to acquire U.S. cellular interests .')

Input: Both MCA 's music-entertainment and book-publishing units also posted record revenue and operating profit .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Both MCA 's music-entertainment and book-publishing units also posted record revenue .','Both MCA 's music-entertainment and book-publishing units also posted operating profit .')

Input: But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These include office and residential real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , and Helmsley Hotels .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These include office and residential real estate giant .','These include HelmsleySpear Inc. .','These include Helmsley Hotels .')

Input: White women serve tea and coffee , and then wash the cups and saucers afterwards .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('White women serve tea and coffee .','White women wash the cups and saucers afterwards .')

Input: White children empty the wastepaper baskets and squeegee the windows .
Prediction: CO/LIST('White children empty the wastepaper baskets .','White children squeegee the windows .')

Input: Not in the kitchen , or the storeroom or the book shop .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But here in Morgenzon , a sleepy town amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Morgenzon is a sleepy town .','But here in Morgenzon amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady .')

Input: The Orange Workers -- who take their name from William of Orange of the Netherlands , a hero of the Dutch-descended Afrikaners -- believe that the solution to South Africa 's racial problems is n't the abolition of apartheid , it 's the perfection of apartheid -- complete and total separation of the races .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Netherlands are a hero of the Dutch-descended Afrikaners .','The Orange Workers -- who take their name from William of Orange of the Netherlands -- believe that the solution to South Africa 's racial problems is n't the abolition of apartheid , it 's the perfection of apartheid -- complete and total separation of the races .')

Input: This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the fact that there are only 3,000 card-carrying Orange Workers may put them on the loony fringe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the loony fringe .','And the fact that there are only 3,000 card-carrying Orange Workers may put them .')

Input: But not here .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But my father meant it to mean real separation , says the son .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('We must either integrate honestly .','We must either segregate honestly .')

Input: Today , Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites and two paved roads .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Today , Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites .','Today , Morgenzon is a town of two paved roads .')

Input: Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks .','Many houses and storefronts are empty .')

Input: There are few factories and no mines .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are few factories .','There are no mines .')

Input: Still , complete and total segregation remains elusive .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is still .',', Complete and total segregation remains elusive .')

Input: We need them and I thank God for them .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We need them .','I thank God for them .')

Input: And they will even serve it themselves .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The market is sending nervous signals , says Peter J. Canelo , chief market strategist for Bear , Stearns & Co. , and it 's unwise to be overcommitted to stocks .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The market is sending nervous signals .','It 's unwise to be overcommitted to stocks .')

Input: And even those who say some selective selling may be in order stress that individuals need to be in the stock market to achieve their long-term investment objectives and to help balance their other assets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And even those who say some selective selling may be in order stress .','Individuals need to be in the stock market to achieve their long-term investment objectives and to help balance their other assets .')

Input: Sell stocks that are n't doing well now , and that do n't have good earnings prospects , says Alfred Goldman , technical analyst at St. Louis-based A.G. Edwards & Sons .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy is decelerating after six good years , and right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The economy is decelerating after six good years .','Right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later .')

Input: Computer companies ; commodity cyclical stocks , like autos ; and retailing stocks , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Commodity cyclical stocks are like autos .',', Computer companies ; commodity cyclical stocks ; and retailing stocks , he says .')

Input: UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what 's going to happen to takeover stocks , says Mr. Canelo .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But do n't pay 30 times earnings for a company that 's expected to grow at 15 % a year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But do n't pay 30 times earnings for a company .','A company 's expected to grow at 15 % a year .')

Input: If things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('If things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling .','This is what he says .')

Input: The union on Oct. 5 requested that the contract be reopened to restore all pay and benefits that the union gave up in the 1982-83 and 1986-87 rounds of bargaining .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The union on Oct. 5 requested .','The contract be reopened to restore all pay and benefits that the union gave up in the 1982-83 and 1986-87 rounds of bargaining .')

Input: All but eight of the 850 branches , which had some structural damage , reopened yesterday for business .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('All but eight of the 850 branches reopened yesterday for business .','All but eight of the 850 branches had some structural damage .')

Input: Automated teller machine operations also were up and operating yesterday , a bank spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Automated teller machine operations also were up and operating yesterday .','This was what a bank spokesman said .')

Input: We 'll have to wait and see how the plan develops .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he said a system such as IBM 's should help significantly .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','A system such as IBM 's should help significantly .')

Input: The cars are sold under a separate franchise with its own sign in front of Lincoln-Mercury dealers -- as opposed to new models such as Taurus or Escort , which are sold under existing Ford divisions .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The cars are sold under a separate franchise with its own sign in front of Lincoln-Mercury dealers -- as opposed to new models such as Taurus or Escort .','Taurus or Escort are sold under existing Ford divisions .')

Input: The move to halt imports -- announced 29 years and 11 months to the day after Henry Ford II declared that the Edsel division and its gawky car would be scrapped -- kills the four-year-old Merkur brand in the U.S. market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But by the third quarter of 1988 , Scorpios had a high satisfaction rating in internal Ford studies , a spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The troubled Minneapolis-based railroad concern said the committee has the authority to hire financial and legal advisers to assist it .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the troubled Minneapolis-based railroad concern said .','The committee has the authority to hire financial and legal advisers to assist it .')

Input: Separately , the casino operator said its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the casino operator said .','Its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions .')

Input: He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','That his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign .')

Input: The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments and other institutions .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to bank trust departments .','The Accumulation and Investment Group is responsible for the investment operations of all Capital Holding 's insurance businesses and markets guaranteed investment contracts to other institutions .')

Input: a - Average rate paid yesterday by 100 large banks and thrifts in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by Bank Rate Monitor .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Three A.D.L. inventors applied April 6 , 1973 , for the patent , which was assigned and awarded in 1976 to Hasbro Industries , then Eagle 's parent .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Three A.D.L. inventors applied April 6 , 1973 , for the patent .','The patent was assigned and awarded in 1976 to Hasbro Industries , then Eagle 's parent .')

Input: Artists and draftsmen need harder leads .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Margins are the difference between the yield on the company 's earning assets and its own cost of funds .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Margins are the difference between the yield on the company 's earning assets .','Margins are the difference between the yield on its own cost of funds .')

Input: But a reduction in one-time gains on the sale of various assets and an increase in the company 's provision for loan losses held down the earnings gain , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But a reduction in one-time gains on the sale of various assets and an increase in the company 's provision for loan losses held down the earnings gain .','This was what the company said .')

Input: The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The information company also cited the stronger dollar .','The information company also cited the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit .','The information company also cited other factors .')

Input: The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $ 18 million settlement of related lawsuits .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The company has denied the allegations .','The company has negotiated a proposed $ 18 million settlement of related lawsuits .')

Input: Dun & Bradstreet noted that price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research , Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dun & Bradstreet noted .','Price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research , Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth .')

Input: It cited cyclical conditions in its Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and D&B Plan Services units .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in its Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and D&B Plan Services units .','It cited cyclical conditions .')

Input: Terms include a royalty arrangement , but details were n't disclosed .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Terms include a royalty arrangement .','Details were n't disclosed .')

Input: The time is Pacific Daylight Time , and the initials or nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The time is Pacific Daylight Time .','The initials or nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves .')

Input: Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass .
Prediction: NONE

Input: My younger daughter and I are fine .
Prediction: CO/LIST('My younger daughter are fine .','I are fine .')

Input: This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger .
Prediction: CO/LIST('This building shook like hell .','It kept getting stronger .')

Input: Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head to drive away .','Worst part was watching power lines waving above no way to drive away .')

Input: My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking .
Prediction: CO/LIST('My back is still in knots .','My hands are still shaking .')

Input: Did n't feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Amazing what it does to one 's heart rate and one 's short-term memory .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Power is back on , and UCSF -LCB- medical center -RCB- seems to have quieted down for the night -LRB- they were doing triage out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Power is back on .','UCSF -LCB- medical center -RCB- seems to have quieted down for the night -LRB- they were doing triage out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it -RRB- .')

Input: The Sunset -LCB- District -RCB- was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Sunset -LCB- District -RCB- was more or less like a pajama party all evening .','Lots of people & dogs walking around .','Drinking beer .')

Input: The three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then when it kept on coming we lunged for the doorway .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then .','It kept on coming we lunged for the doorway .')

Input: Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Judy and I were in our back yard .','The lawn started rolling like ocean waves .')

Input: Books and tapes all over my room .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what i guess .','We 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock .')

Input: Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for flight or fight .','Flesh goes to total alert .')

Input: CP_START CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CC OTHERS CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP CP
Prediction: NONE

Input: With strong prices in the company 's two major areas -- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a roaring quarter .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with strong prices in the company 's two major areas .','-- building products as well as pulp and paper -- analysts had expected a roaring quarter .')

Input: One reason : efforts to protect the spotted owl led to restrictions on logging in the Pacific Northwest , constricting supply and forcing prices up .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Skinner was Mr. .','But Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry .')

Input: But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what supporters argue .','Grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it .')

Input: It also voted down proposals to give the secretary much more discretion on whether to block a buy-out and to require the department to consider the impact of a buy-out on workers .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('It also voted down proposals .','This was to give the secretary much more discretion on whether to block a buy-out and to require the department to consider the impact of a buy-out on workers .')

Input: Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 , and Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 .',', Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 .')

Input: The impact on Japanese insurers and property owners with interests in the San Francisco area is still being assessed , they said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The impact on Japanese insurers and property owners with interests in the San Francisco area is still being assessed .','This was what they said .')

Input: Interest rate-sensitive shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies , which rose early in the week , saw their advance weaken yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Interest rate-sensitive shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies saw their advance weaken yesterday .','Interest rate-sensitive shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies rose early in the week .')

Input: Shares closed lower in other major Asian and Pacific markets , including Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Wellington , Seoul and Manila .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was including Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Wellington , Seoul and Manila .',', Shares closed lower in other major Asian and Pacific markets .')

Input: But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to a second session .','But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise .')

Input: But Pfizer Inc. , based in New York , reported flat earnings .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But Pfizer Inc. reported flat earnings .','Pfizer Inc. was based in New York .')

Input: American Home Products said sales and earnings for the third quarter and nine months were at record levels .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what American Home Products said .',', Sales and earnings for the third quarter and nine months were at record levels .')

Input: Sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat , and sales by the agriculture segment declined 5 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat .',', Sales by the agriculture segment declined 5 % .')

Input: Not mentioned were the 50,000 people rendered homeless , and the more than 200,000 out of work for an indeterminable period ; the $ 1 billion-plus in losses to homes and personal property on the barrier islands ; the near - and long-term impact on the state 's largest industry , tourism , not to mention the human suffering .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The damage will undoubtedly prove to be one of the epic human and economic disasters of the decade in this country .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The damage will undoubtedly prove to be one of the epic human .','The damage will undoubtedly prove to be economic disasters of the decade in this country .')

Input: Charlestonians are instead indomitable and have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Charlestonians are instead indomitable .',', Charlestonians have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years .')

Input: Colorado National is a unit of Colorado National Bankshares Inc. and Central is a unit of First Bank System of Minneapolis .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Colorado National is a unit of Colorado National Bankshares Inc. .',', Central is a unit of First Bank System of Minneapolis .')

Input: The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million .','The loan guarantee would amount to 85 % of the cost of the aircraft .')

Input: Because of the size of the proposed loan guarantee , the Ex-Im Bank 's preliminary commitment is subject to review by the House and Senate Banking committees .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is because of the size of the proposed loan guarantee .','The Ex-Im Bank 's preliminary commitment is subject to review by the House and Senate Banking committees .')

Input: We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital .','This is what he says .')

Input: The declines in investment and efficiency explain in part why Mexico has been importing gasoline this year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the declines in investment and efficiency explain in part .','Why Mexico has been importing gasoline this year .')

Input: Whatever you tried to change , whether it was cutting costs or attracting new partners , the big obstacle was the old union leadership , says oil consultant George Baker .
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 9,800 technical workers , notably chemists and lawyers , were switched to non-union status .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('About 9,800 technical workers were notably chemists and lawyers .','About 9,800 technical workers were switched to non-union status .')

Input: But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many couples are like ships passing in the night , a communications gulf that sparks problems on the job and at home , says psychologist Harry Levinson .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His Levinson Institute in Belmont , Mass. , has seen in recent years a doubling in the number of executives and spouses at its weeklong counseling program .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in the number of executives and spouses .','His Levinson Institute in Belmont , Mass. , has seen in recent years a doubling at its weeklong counseling program .')

Input: And the Japanese make far more suggestions -- 2,472 per 100 eligible employees vs. only 13 per 100 employees in the
Prediction: NONE

Input: A Security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs among the industry 's 10 biggest challenges .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is among the industry 's 10 biggest challenges .','A Security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs .')

Input: And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what half the employees surveyed think .',', Companies dole out too little to them .')

Input: But both see a common enemy : About 66 % of employees and 73 % of investors think senior managers get too big a slice of the profit pie .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But both see a common enemy .','About 66 % of employees and 73 % of investors think senior managers get too big a slice of the profit pie .')

Input: First City , which issues both MasterCard and Visa cards , has agreed to act as an agent bank .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('First City has agreed to act as an agent bank .','First City issues both MasterCard and Visa cards .')

Input: UAL management was to pay $ 15 million for 10 % , and British Air was to receive a 15 % stake .
Prediction: CO/LIST('UAL management was to pay $ 15 million for 10 % .','British Air was to receive a 15 % stake .')

Input: He added the original offer was a pretty full price , and that British Air 's contribution was quite a large chunk for us .
Prediction: NONE

Input: British Air was originally attracted to the chance of obtaining a 15 % stake in the company , but was n't particularly happy with paying $ 750 million .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('British Air was originally attracted to the chance of obtaining a 15 % stake in the company .','British Air was n't particularly happy with paying $ 750 million .')

Input: Corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring evaluations prior to planned hospitalization and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases , according to a study by the Institute of Medicine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was according to a study .',', Corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring evaluations prior to planned hospitalization and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases by the Institute of Medicine .')

Input: Between 50 % and 75 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans , up from 5 % five years ago .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up from 5 % five years ago .','Between 50 % and 75 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans .')

Input: As a general rule , prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as a general rule .','Prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care .')

Input: The panel urged greater efforts to reduce the complexity , paperwork and cost of utilization review .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The panel urged greater efforts .','This was to reduce the complexity , paperwork and cost of utilization review .')

Input: Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it reduces the wasteful use of resources , improves the appropriateness of patient care and imposes only reasonable burdens on patients and providers , the panel concluded .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Federal Reserve System is the standard object of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes , for two reasons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for two reasons .','The Federal Reserve System is the standard object of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes .')

Input: It has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials and still has authority over one of the most powerful of government 's instruments -- the control of the money supply .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials .','It still has authority over one of the most powerful of government 's instruments -- the control of the money supply .')

Input: But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or , a wage that was $ 100 30 years ago would buy only $ 23.53 worth of stuff today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Or , a wage would buy only $ 23.53 worth of stuff today .','A wage was $ 100 30 years ago .')

Input: Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Fed 's problem is not .','It is too independent , or too unpolitical .')

Input: The Fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Fed is responsive to .','The Fed can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government .')

Input: The government has other agencies and instruments for pursuing these other objectives .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The two objectives most commonly thought to be legitimate competitors for the attention of the Fed are high employment and rapid real growth .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The two objectives most commonly thought to be legitimate competitors for the attention of the Fed are high employment .','The two objectives most commonly thought to be legitimate competitors for the attention of the Fed are rapid real growth .')

Input: The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million , of which $ 146 million are n't accruing interest , the bank said .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million .','This was what the bank said .' ), '$ 146 million are n't accruing interest of $ 293 million .')

Input: But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Freind legislation -- the state 's House Judiciary Committee approved it in Harrisburg this week and the full Pennsylvania House is expected to take up the bill next Tuesday -- includes a provision to ban abortions after 24 weeks of pregnancy , except to avert the death of the mother .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what proponents believe .','They may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights .')

Input: Next year is an election year and the legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Next year is an election year .','The legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now .')

Input: These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control and sex selection , and the public funding of alternatives for abortion .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control and sex selection .','These include the public funding of alternatives for abortion .')

Input: Proceeds will be used for capital expenditures and working capital .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Proceeds will be used for capital expenditures .','Proceeds will be used for working capital .')

Input: Congress sent President Bush an $ 18.4 billion fiscal 1990 Treasury and Postal Service bill providing $ 5.5 billion for the Internal Revenue Service and increasing the Customs Service 's air-interdiction program nearly a third .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Bush was President .',', Congress sent Bush an $ 18.4 billion fiscal 1990 Treasury and Postal Service bill providing $ 5.5 billion for the Internal Revenue Service and increasing the Customs Service 's air-interdiction program nearly a third .')

Input: An estimated $ 33 million was added for university and science grants , including $ 1.5 million for Smith College .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including $ 1.5 million for Smith College .','An estimated $ 33 million was added for university and science grants .')

Input: And Southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind $ 54.6 million for U.S.-Mexico border facilities , or more than double the administration 's request .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('And Southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind $ 54.6 million for U.S.-Mexico border facilities .','And Southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind more than double the administration 's request .')

Input: Even the Office of Management and Budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Even the Office of Management and Budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million .','This was to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb .')

Input: The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling .','The annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years .')

Input: The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a Lockheed P-3 surveillance aircraft and five Cessna Citation II jets .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a Lockheed P-3 surveillance aircraft .','The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of five Cessna Citation II jets .')

Input: B.A.T Industries PLC may delay aspects of its defensive restructuring plan -- including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units -- in the wake of the current upheaval in financial markets , company officials said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('B.A.T Industries PLC may delay aspects of its defensive restructuring plan -- including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units -- in the wake of the current upheaval in financial markets .','This was what company officials said .')

Input: But B.A.T 's restructuring , which was never going to happen quickly , now will take longer because of the market upheaval .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But B.A.T 's restructuring now will take longer because of the market upheaval .','B.A.T 's restructuring was never going to happen quickly .')

Input: Company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the disposals to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the disposals to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say .','The market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half .')

Input: We do n't have an absolute deadline and if market conditions are truly awful we might decide it is not the right time , to take particular steps , said Michael Prideaux , a B.A.T spokesman .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the delay could happen if B.A.T does n't get adequate bids , he said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other potential bidders for parts of B.A.T 's U.S. retail unit include Dillard Department Stores Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Limited Inc .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other potential bidders for parts of B.A.T 's U.S. retail unit include Dillard Department Stores Inc. .','Other potential bidders for parts of B.A.T 's U.S. retail unit include May Department Stores Co. .','Other potential bidders for parts of B.A.T 's U.S. retail unit include Limited Inc .')

Input: Getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem , however .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','Getting to and from the airport in coming weeks may be the problem .')

Input: Right now most of the roads into the Bay area are closed , but the list of closings changes about every 20 minutes .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Right now most of the roads into the Bay area are closed .','The list of closings changes about every 20 minutes .')

Input: He added that San Francisco 's trolley cars and trolley buses were also running at full service levels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('He added .',', San Francisco 's trolley cars and trolley buses were also running at full service levels .')

Input: Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged , but the tower itself was intact .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged .','The tower itself was intact .')

Input: Tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports .','Tuesday night , thousands had to wait a day to resume travel .')

Input: The airports in San Jose and Oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday , the Federal Aviation Administration said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The airports in San Jose and Oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday .','This was what the Federal Aviation Administration said .')

Input: Analysts expect the spirits operations and some California vineyards that also are being sold to fetch about # 500 million -LRB- $ 788.8 million -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Analysts expect the spirits operations and some California vineyards .','The spirits operations and some California vineyards also are being sold to fetch about # 500 million -LRB- $ 788.8 million -RRB- .')

Input: Among the brands for sale are Beefeater gin , the No. 2 imported gin in the U.S. , and Laphroaig single-malt whiskey .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals amid widespread consolidation in the industry .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was amid widespread consolidation in the industry .','But Whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals .')

Input: But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at # 30 million .','But analysts estimate their trading profit .')

Input: British brewers currently own thousands of pubs , which in turn sell only the breweries ' beer and soft drinks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('British brewers currently own thousands of pubs .','Pubs in turn sell only the breweries ' beer and soft drinks .')

Input: Whitbread also owns the license to brew and distribute Heineken and Stella Artois beers in Britain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In addition , Whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in Europe and North America .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in addition .','Whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in Europe and North America .')

Input: The offering will be dated Oct. 31 and mature Oct. 31 ,
Prediction: CO/LIST('The offering will be dated Oct. 31 .','The offering will mature Oct. 31 .')

Input: Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations .','Tenders for the notes must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .')

Input: And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 1991 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was until 1991 .','And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes .')

Input: IBM is five times the size of Digital -- and 40 times the size of Tandem -- and wields enormous market power .
Prediction: CO/LIST('IBM is five times the size of Digital -- and 40 times the size of Tandem -- .','IBM wields enormous market power .')

Input: A key marketing target for Digital will be the large number of big customers who already own both Digital and IBM systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('A key marketing target for Digital will be the large number of big customers .','The large number of big customers already own both Digital and IBM systems .')

Input: But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Rose is Mr. .','But Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 .')

Input: The first model available will be the 210 , which is likely to appeal to many technical and scientific buyers interested in the optional super-charger , or vector processor , says Terry Shannon of International Data Corp. , a market research concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell for the seventh-consecutive session as more investors dumped UAL shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell for the seventh-consecutive session .','More investors dumped UAL shares .')

Input: But when stocks held steady , Treasury bonds later retreated .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Stocks held steady .','But , Treasury bonds later retreated .')

Input: James L. Madson , 46 years old , was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 46 years old .','James L. Madson was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals .')

Input: The Fort Worth , Texas , company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business , and its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Fort Worth , Texas , company is generally regarded as one of the best-run in the business .','Its difficulties are likely to be reflected industrywide as other major carriers report third-quarter results over the next several days .')

Input: Costs are giving them a little bit of trouble , and the whole industry is having a pricing problem .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Costs are giving them a little bit of trouble .','The whole industry is having a pricing problem .')

Input: There was no reversal -LCB- of that trend -RCB- between 1987 and 1988 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was between 1987 and 1988 .','There was no reversal -LCB- of that trend -RCB- .')

Input: But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It rose sharply in the Northeast and Midwest and fell slightly in the South and West .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It rose sharply in the Northeast and Midwest .','It fell slightly in the South and West .')

Input: Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the measure for years .',', Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions .')

Input: The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore Jupiter and its 16 known moons .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore Jupiter .','The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore its 16 known moons .')

Input: Jupiter is so enormous -- its mass is 318 times that of Earth -- that its gravity may have trapped these primordial gases and never let them escape .
Prediction: NONE

Input: operations .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ly received by the bank , and to submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ly received by the bank .','To submit a bailout package to replenish the bank 's paid-up capital .')

Input: rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % in September .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ell ; their business is reselling these unwanted positions as quickly as possible to other investors , and at a profit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: n certain market conditions prevail .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  .
Prediction: NONE

Input: runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: mlessly through a dried-out land .
Prediction: NONE

Input: lifornia , Colorado , Arizona and Florida .
Prediction: NONE

Input: ures up to standard , and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven .
Prediction: NONE

Input: f they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from bringing home the bacon to their respective constituencies .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center .',', Cut off funds .')

Input: eneral Motors Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: chairman and president , said the purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest forest products company .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Chairman and president , said .','The purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest forest products company .')

Input: increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements .','This was what the company said .')

Input: and 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock .
Prediction: NONE

Input:  coffee , and then wash the cups and saucers afterwards .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Coffee wash the cups and saucers afterwards .','Then wash the cups and saucers afterwards .')

Input: ino operator said its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Ino operator said .','Its board approved a plan to buy-back as many as three million common shares from time to time , either in the open market or through private transactions .')

Input: Central Bank of Denver .
Prediction: NONE

Input: epicenter of the quake .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The report was based on a telephone survey of 1,250 low-income households across the state , a mail survey of major legal-services programs and on-site interviews with individuals in the field .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The report was based on a telephone survey of 1,250 low-income households across the state .','The report was based on a telephone survey of a mail survey of major legal-services programs .','The report was based on a telephone survey of on-site interviews with individuals in the field .')

Input: The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits -LRB- 22 % -RRB- , consumer fraud -LRB- 15.4 % -RRB- , and health-care issues -LRB- 15 % -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits -LRB- 22 % -RRB- .','Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included consumer fraud -LRB- 15.4 % -RRB- .','Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included health-care issues -LRB- 15 % -RRB- .')

Input: Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals .','This was what the company said .')

Input: Wall Street has all but conceded on the issue and is now lobbying for the less onerous Senate version of one of the provisions .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Wall Street has all but conceded on the issue .','Wall Street is now lobbying for the less onerous Senate version of one of the provisions .')

Input: These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as RJR Nabisco Inc. , Storer Communications Inc. and Kroger Co .
Prediction: CO/LIST('These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as RJR Nabisco Inc. .','These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as Storer Communications Inc. .','These types of bonds have been used in buy-outs of companies such as Kroger Co .')

Input: A second provision passed by the Senate and House would eliminate a rule allowing companies that post losses resulting from LBO debt to receive refunds of taxes paid over the previous three years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street , which is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street .','Wall Street is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue .')

Input: That would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That would force the buy-out firm to reduce their level of ownership .','That would force the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership .')

Input: The House version of the bill would make debt non-deductible if it pays five percentage points above Treasury notes , has at least a five-year maturity and does n't pay interest for at least one year out of the first five .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The declaration immediately made the counties eligible for temporary housing , grants and low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The declaration immediately made the counties eligible for temporary housing to cover uninsured property losses .','The declaration immediately made the counties eligible for grants to cover uninsured property losses .','The declaration immediately made the counties eligible for low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses .')

Input: And in the confusion after the earthquake , the information flow is a little slow coming in from the affected area , said Carl Suchocki , a FEMA spokesman .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A military jet flew a congressional delegation and senior Bush administration officials to survey the damage .
Prediction: CO/LIST('A military jet flew a congressional delegation to survey the damage .','A military jet flew senior Bush administration officials to survey the damage .')

Input: Two Air Force facilities near Sacramento , and Travis Air Force Base , 50 miles northeast of San Francisco , were designated to serve as medical-airlift centers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 50 miles northeast of San Francisco .','Two Air Force facilities near Sacramento , and Travis Air Force Base , were designated to serve as medical-airlift centers .')

Input: Some victims also were treated at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco and at the Naval Hospital in Oakland .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in San Francisco and at the Naval Hospital in Oakland .',', Some victims also were treated at the Letterman Army Medical Center .')

Input: At these offices , earthquake victims will be helped in filling out a one-page form that they will need to qualify for such federal assistance as home-improvement loans and to repair houses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was at these offices .','Earthquake victims will be helped in filling out a one-page form that they will need to qualify for such federal assistance as home-improvement loans and to repair houses .')

Input: And federal officials are promising to move rapidly with federal highway aid to rebuild the area 's severely damaged road system .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters .','The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters .')

Input: The first phase of the program has been completed , but two other phases are continuing .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The first phase of the program has been completed .','Two other phases are continuing .')

Input: But do n't expect too much in the way of price breaks soon at the supermarket .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply , but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply .','Humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor .')

Input: Costly infertility problems and procedures proliferate as aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Costly infertility problems and procedures proliferate .','Aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now .')

Input: Only about five states now offer some form of insurance coverage , but more are expected .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Only about five states now offer some form of insurance coverage .','Only about five states are expected .')

Input: Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs , the letter warns .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION(', Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs .','This is what the letter warns .')

Input: The $ 99 CD-ROM disk -LRB- it can only be played on an Apple Macintosh computer at the moment -RRB- combines animation , music and sound .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Latest approvals : Bell Atlantic 's New Jersey Bell and General Dynamics .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season .','And , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush .')

Input: People asked , is it really true ? says Maury Kelley , vice president , marketing services , for Beecham Products USA , a maker of health and personal-care products that used the ranking in its recruiting brochure .
Prediction: NONE

Input: General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation and material service segments , an earnings recovery in submarine operations , and higher military aircraft sales .
Prediction: CO/LIST('General Dynamics credited significant earnings gains in its general aviation and material service segments .','General Dynamics credited an earnings recovery in submarine operations .','General Dynamics credited higher military aircraft sales .')

Input: Lotus 's results were about 10 % higher than analysts ' average expectations and compared favorably with the 36 % earnings rise reported a day earlier by rival Microsoft Corp. of Redmond , Wash .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lotus 's results were about 10 % higher than analysts ' average expectations and compared favorably with the 36 % earnings rise .','The 36 % earnings rise were reported a day earlier by rival Microsoft Corp. of Redmond , Wash .')

Input: Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. signaled .','They should recover quickly .')

Input: Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said .','All of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night .')

Input: None sustained significant damage , a spokesman said , adding that the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('None sustained significant damage .','This was what a spokesman said , adding that the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally .')

Input: A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the egg producers have done a pretty good job .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder that contains perforated baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets .','A cylinder contains perforated baskets .')

Input: One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Egg King carries written instructions to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly sanitized and , as an added precaution , to use the eggs only in products that will be cooked enough to kill bacteria .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The Egg King carries written instructions .','This was to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly sanitized and , as an added precaution , to use the eggs only in products that will be cooked enough to kill bacteria .')

Input: But he says that 's no more a reason for banning Egg Kings than bad drivers are a reason for banning cars .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says .',''s no more a reason for banning Egg Kings than bad drivers are a reason for banning cars .')

Input: The egg producers also lobbied the Food and Drug Administration .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The egg producers also lobbied the Food .','The egg producers also lobbied Drug Administration .')

Input: But the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said that there was little likelihood of a health problem as long as instructions were followed .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said .','There was little likelihood of a health problem as long as instructions were followed .')

Input: But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was so far .','But the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks .')

Input: Michelle Pfeiffer ca n't chew gum and sing at the same time .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Michelle Pfeiffer ca n't chew gum .','Michelle Pfeiffer ca n't sing at the same time .')

Input: Both movies are infused with the nostalgic sensibility of someone much older , someone who does n't dismiss dreams , but who also has enough experience to see his limits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What seemed like a good idea , to cast the Bridges brothers -LRB- Jeff and Beau -RRB- as the Baker brothers , actually turned out to be a good idea .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They 're small time in the small time-hotels -LRB- not the best ones -RRB- and restaurants in Seattle .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They 're small time in the small time-hotels -LRB- not the best ones -RRB- .','They 're restaurants in Seattle .')

Input: Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother , Frank .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Frank is the older brother .','Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother .')

Input: Frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Frank plans the program .','Frank takes care of business .','Frank approaches the work like any other job .')

Input: Shareholders of International Proteins , a food and agriproducts company , will vote on the transaction at a meeting late next month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('International Proteins are a food and agriproducts company .',', Shareholders of International Proteins will vote on the transaction at a meeting late next month .')

Input: The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The tentative agreement calls for 3M .','This is to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories .')

Input: Galveston-Houston makes and markets products for the construction , mining and energy industries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Company auditors are continuing their review , and final restated figures are n't yet available .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Company auditors are continuing their review .','Final restated figures are n't yet available .')

Input: And one of our charges is to be an ombudsman for our area .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if we 're not ombudsman for our area , we ought to be thrown out of office .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('We 're not ombudsman for our area .','And , we ought to be thrown out of office .')

Input: Capcom Futures , while neither admitting nor denying the Merc charges , said in a statement that the Merc charges were technical in nature and that no customers were hurt as a result of the violations cited by the Merc .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Capcom Futures , while neither admitting nor denying the Merc charges , said in a statement .','That the Merc charges were technical in nature and that no customers were hurt as a result of the violations cited by the Merc .')

Input: Maurice Warren , 56-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maurice Warren was 56-year-old group managing director .','Maurice Warren was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group .')

Input: Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that current yields continue for a year .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what compound yields assume .','Reinvestment of dividends and that current yields continue for a year .')

Input: Monday and Tuesday were lackluster in comparison , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Monday and Tuesday were lackluster in comparison .','This was what he said .')

Input: Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities -- to capture the highest yields .','Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- commercial paper -- to capture the highest yields .','Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- the like -- to capture the highest yields .')

Input: Maturities usually are shorter when rates are rising and longer when they are falling .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Maturities usually are shorter when rates are rising and longer .','They are falling .')

Input: Della Femina had billings of just $ 660 million last year and ranked as the U.S. 's 24th-largest ad agency .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Della Femina had billings of just $ 660 million last year .','Della Femina ranked as the U.S. 's 24th-largest ad agency .')

Input: But major packaged-goods players of the world -- such as Procter & Gamble , Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever -- have steadfastly eluded the agency .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups .','But now , Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe .')

Input: The deportation of more than 315,000 men , women and children by the Bulgarian regime adds up to one of the largest migrations seen in the postwar years .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The deportation of more than 315,000 men , women and children by the Bulgarian regime adds up to one of the largest migrations .','The largest migrations were seen in the postwar years .')

Input: The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms .','Democratic reforms may lead to membership in the European Community .')

Input: Kurds , suffering what many people consider to be a current extermination campaign at the hands of Syria , Iran and Iraq have inundated eastern Turkey .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But of course the Democrats pillorying HUD in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind .
Prediction: NONE

Input: No doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('No doubt many of his ideas are worthy .','Ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently .')

Input: These development grants mainly enrich developers who want to put up shopping centers and parking garages .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('These development grants mainly enrich developers .','Developers want to put up shopping centers and parking garages .')

Input: In the process HUD has wasted untold billions , created slums and invited corruption .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('HUD was the process .','In HUD has wasted untold billions , created slums and invited corruption .')

Input: Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the middle class .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers .','Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for the middle class .')

Input: Some HUD money actually does trickle down to the poor , and zeroing out housing middlemen would free up more money for public housing tenants to manage and even own their units .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Some HUD money actually does trickle down to the poor .','Zeroing out housing middlemen would free up more money for public housing tenants to manage and even own their units .')

Input: It 's time to scrap the politically infested spending machine HUD has become and channel the resources into the drug war .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('HUD was infested spending machine .','It 's time to scrap the politically HUD has become and channel the resources into the drug war .')

Input: Randy Delchamps was named chairman and chief executive officer of this grocery chain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Natural upheavals , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Natural upheavals are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed .','Most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed .')

Input: Are the engineering and architecture of the economy as vulnerable as the spans of the Bay Bridge ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: The eerie complacency of the Reagan-Bush era has produced Panglossian paeans about the present perfection of U.S. economic and social arrangements .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was about the present perfection of U.S. economic and social arrangements .','The eerie complacency of the Reagan-Bush era has produced Panglossian paeans .')

Input: But we are , in reality , witnessing the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in reality .','But we are witnessing the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end .')

Input: And by the early 1980s U.S. capitalists had ample reason to welcome junk bonds , to look the other way .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('And by the early 1980s U.S. capitalists had ample reason to welcome junk bonds .','This was to look the other way .')

Input: In theory , the value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in theory .','The value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same .')

Input: Result : a landscape littered with lemons , huge debt burdens crushing down upon the arch and spans of corporate America .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But this is not .','The rewards of junk financing were found .')

Input: All along they have been noting the tremors and pointing out the underlying realities .
Prediction: CO/LIST('All along they have been noting the tremors .','All along they have been pointing out the underlying realities .')

Input: Profit rates after the great merger wave are no higher , and now we have an extremely high-interest burden relative to cash flow .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Profit rates after the great merger wave are no higher .','Now we have an extremely high-interest burden relative to cash flow .')

Input: But sophistication has its limits .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Cockburn is a columnist for The Nation and LA Weekly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Cockburn is Mr. .',', Cockburn is a columnist for The Nation and LA Weekly .')

Input: In Tokyo , a JAL spokesman said he could n't confirm or deny the latest Japanese report .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a JAL spokesman said in Tokyo .','He could n't confirm or deny the latest Japanese report .')

Input: Federal Express and Flying Tiger , as separate companies , carried a combined 2.6 million tons .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as separate companies .','Federal Express and Flying Tiger carried a combined 2.6 million tons .')

Input: Air France and Lufthansa last month concluded a far-reaching cooperation accord that includes air-freight activities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Air France and Lufthansa last month concluded a far-reaching cooperation accord .','A far-reaching cooperation accord includes air-freight activities .')

Input: But last week there were air-traffic negotiations between the U.K. and Japan , a likely first step to any commercial agreement between JAL and British Airways or another U.K. carrier .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But last week there were air-traffic negotiations between the U.K. and Japan .','But last week there were a likely first step to any commercial agreement between JAL .','But last week there were British Airways or another U.K. carrier .')

Input: The SEC , faced with a major squeeze on options positions , said it was necessary to ensure that options listed on the exchange could be traded today and tomorrow .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the SEC , faced with a major squeeze on options positions , said .','It was necessary to ensure that options listed on the exchange could be traded today and tomorrow .')

Input: I 've told my staff and clients that they still have the ability to exercise their options , because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp. , said Michael Schwartz , a senior registered options strategist at Oppenheimer & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While the exchange 's equities floor in San Francisco remained open on a limited basis , orders were being routed and executed in Los Angeles .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The exchange 's equities floor in San Francisco remained open on a limited basis .','Orders were being routed and executed in Los Angeles .')

Input: Workers could dial out , but they could n't receive telephone calls .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Workers could dial out .','They could n't receive telephone calls .')

Input: Service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', San Francisco was the financial district in downtown .',', Service appeared to be down throughout San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out .')

Input: -LRB- Put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , while call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('-LRB- Put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , -RRB- .',', Call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price .')

Input: The company has spent some $ 5 billion over the past 3 1\/2 years to buy back 42 million common shares , or roughly 7 % of those outstanding .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The company has spent some $ 5 billion over the past 31\/2 years .','This was to buy back 42 million common shares , or roughly 7 % of those outstanding .')

Input: None of the problems is necessarily fatal , and they are n't all necessarily even related .
Prediction: CO/LIST('None of the problems is necessarily fatal .','They are n't all necessarily even related .')

Input: However , he added , such event-driven trading moves typically last only a few hours and are often made without full information .
Prediction: CO/LIST('However , he added , such event-driven trading moves typically last only a few hours .','However , he added , such event-driven trading moves are often made without full information .')

Input: But home-building stocks were a mixed bag .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Heavy construction , property-casualty insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Heavy construction were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday .','Property-casualty insurance were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday .','Forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday .')

Input: Betty Lombardi is a mild-mannered homemaker and grandmother in rural Hunterdon County , N.J .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 2 % are brand loyal in 16 to 20 of the categories , and no one is loyal for more than 20 types of products .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Only 2 % are brand loyal in 16 to 20 of the categories .','No one is loyal for more than 20 types of products .')

Input: People tend to be most loyal to brands that have distinctive flavors , such as cigarettes and ketchup .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('People tend to be most loyal to brands such as cigarettes and ketchup .','Brands have distinctive flavors .')

Input: Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer .','Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty .')

Input: Loyalty lags most for utilitarian products like trash bags and batteries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 23 % of trash-bag users in the Journal survey usually buy the same brand , and just 29 % of battery buyers stick to one brand .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Only 23 % of trash-bag users in the Journal survey usually buy the same brand .','Just 29 % of battery buyers stick to one brand .')

Input: The high score reflects the attempts to make underwear more of a fashion image business for both men and women .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is more of a fashion image business for both men and women .','The high score reflects the attempts to make underwear .')

Input: Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey .','Only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance .')

Input: Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days , the Journal survey and other research studies indicate .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days .','This is what the Journal survey and other research studies indicate .')

Input: The biggest wild card in the brand loyalty game : How those hotly pursued but highly unpredictable baby boomers will behave as they move into middle age .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rather , they tend to have a set of two or three favorites .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is rather .','They tend to have a set of two or three favorites .')

Input: If a more absorbent Pampers hits the market , you can be sure a new and improved Huggies wo n't be far behind .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('A more absorbent Pampers hits the market .','You can be sure a new and improved Huggies wo n't be far behind .')

Input: But given such strong brand disloyalty , some marketers are putting renewed emphasis on image advertising .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users .','A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty .')

Input: And perhaps with good reason .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even though brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee , we need advertising to maintain and strengthen it .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee .','We need advertising to maintain and strengthen it .')

Input: Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week .','We 'd like to increase that .')

Input: They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day or two .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day .','They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in two .')

Input: Roads and bridges in the Bay area appear to have suffered some of the most costly damage .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hunter wants to concentrate its resources on the insurance business and on a project to store hazardous wastes in salt domes .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the insurance business and on a project to store hazardous wastes in salt domes .','Hunter wants to concentrate its resources .')

Input: I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody , the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody .','This was what the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday .')

Input: Ford probably would try to kill the proposal by enlisting support from U.S. takeover-stock speculators and holding out the carrot of a larger bid later , said Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at London brokers UBS Phillips & Drew .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with its 10.4 % stake , Ford can convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge them to drop the restrictions prematurely .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But with its 10.4 % stake , Ford can convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting .','But with its 10.4 % stake , Ford can urge them to drop the restrictions prematurely .')

Input: It has never been done before , but there 's always a first .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It has never been done before .','There 's always a first .')

Input: In addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in addition .','Earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana .')

Input: Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender .','This was to conform with U.S. Census data .')

Input: Program traders were buying and selling at full steam Monday , the first trading session after the stock market 's 190.58-point plunge Friday .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Program traders were publicly castigated following the 508-point crash Oct. 19 , 1987 , and a number of brokerage firms pulled back from using this strategy for a while .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Program traders were publicly castigated following the 508-point crash Oct. 19 , 1987 .','A number of brokerage firms pulled back from using this strategy for a while .')

Input: But as the outcry faded by the spring of 1988 , they resumed .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The outcry faded by the spring of 1988 .','But , they resumed .')

Input: But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the statistics released yesterday show .','The firms did nothing of the sort .')

Input: Through August , the top five program trading firms in volume were Morgan Stanley & Co. , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was through August .','The top five program trading firms in volume were Morgan Stanley & Co. , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Brothers Inc .')

Input: By Monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what they said by Monday .',', Stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures .')

Input: The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders , he said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders .','This was what he said .')

Input: And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('And until last Friday , it seemed .','Those efforts were starting to pay off .')

Input: Then came the frightening 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a new wave of stock-market volatility .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But these wide swings scare them to death .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to death .','But these wide swings scare them .')

Input: But those dollars have been going into such safe products as money market funds , which do n't generate much in the way of commissions for the brokerage firms .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But those dollars have been going into such safe products as money market funds .','Money market funds do n't generate much in the way of commissions for the brokerage firms .')

Input: But there did seem to be a retail activity pickup .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The equity decision will come when the client is ready and when there 's a semblance of confidence .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: Subsequent margins set by agreement between NatWest and Merrill .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If no margin agreed , there is a fallback rate of Libor plus 0.75 point in years one to 15 , and Libor plus 1.25 point thereafter .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('No margin agreed .','There is a fallback rate of Libor plus 0.75 point in years one to 15 , and Libor plus 1.25 point thereafter .')

Input: 250 million Dutch guilders of 7 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 7.57 % at issue price and 7.86 % less full fees , via AMRO Bank .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Senate Republicans have settled on a proposal that would cut the capital-gains tax for individuals and corporations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Senate Republicans have settled on a proposal .','A proposal would cut the capital-gains tax for individuals and corporations .')

Input: The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses .','The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA .')

Input: Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs .',', Current IRAs would be subject to tax .')

Input: An extra exclusion would be given to long-held stock in small and medium-size corporations just starting up .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in small and medium-size corporations just starting up .','An extra exclusion would be given to long-held stock .')

Input: He also urged House and Senate negotiators to rid the deficit-reduction bill of all provisions that increase the budget deficit , including the House-passed capital-gains provision .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('He also urged House and Senate negotiators .','This was to rid the deficit-reduction bill of all provisions that increase the budget deficit , including the House-passed capital-gains provision .')

Input: The economic life of the region is expected to revive in a day or two , although some transportation problems may last weeks or months .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the economic life of the region is expected to revive in a day or two .','Although some transportation problems may last weeks or months .')

Input: All major roadways except Interstate 880 , known as the Nimitz Freeway , and the Bay Bridge were open by 1 p.m. yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('All major roadways except Interstate 880 , and the Bay Bridge were open by 1 p.m. yesterday .','All major roadways except Interstate 880 were known as the Nimitz Freeway .')

Input: Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines .','This is what an emergency relief spokesman says .')

Input: But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But many predicted .','The commercial disruption would be short-lived .')

Input: The plant was evacuated and workers sent home .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The plant was evacuated .','Workers sent home .')

Input: But any increase is n't likely to be any kind of a surge .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The impact on the insurance industry will be big and harsh , but less than -LCB- Hurricane -RCB- Hugo , says Mr. Byrne , who toured the Bay area by car yesterday afternoon to get a sense of the company 's exposure to the earthquake .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos and 35,000 businesses in the Bay area .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos .','Fireman 's Fund insures 35,000 businesses in the Bay area .')

Input: Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many of the buildings , mostly condominiums and apartments , were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The buildings were mostly condominiums and apartments .','Many of the buildings were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines .')

Input: In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in the Marina District .','Residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors .')

Input: PRINCE HENRI is the crown prince and hereditary grand duke of Luxembourg .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('HENRI is PRINCE .','HENRI is the crown prince and hereditary grand duke of Luxembourg .')

Input: The new bonds will be dated Oct. 30 and mature Oct. 15 , 2019 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The new bonds will be dated Oct. 30 .','The new bonds will mature Oct. 15 , 2019 .')

Input: The sheets tell how the medicine works , describe how to use it and list its possible side effects .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the sheets tell .','How the medicine works , describe how to use it and list its possible side effects .')

Input: Consumer groups have long advocated that drug companies and doctors make more information available to patients .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Consumer groups have long advocated .','Drug companies and doctors make more information available to patients .')

Input: But when the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose instead , bonds drifted lower .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose instead .','But , bonds drifted lower .')

Input: Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point .','Other RJR issues fell between 11\/2 point .')

Input: And Resolution Funding Corp. said late yesterday that it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Resolution Funding Corp. said late yesterday .','It will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday .')

Input: But traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what traders said .','The quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt .')

Input: But some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what some bond market analysts said .',', Could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims .')

Input: But New York City general obligation bonds came under selling pressure .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association , two dominant issuers of mortgage securities , have a sizable amount of California home loans in their mortgagebacked pools .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association are two dominant issuers of mortgage securities .','The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association have a sizable amount of California home loans in their mortgagebacked pools .')

Input: And because Northern California home prices are so high , loans from the region often are too large to be included in Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae pools .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('Northern California home prices are so high .','And , loans from the region often are too large to be included in Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae pools .')

Input: But the man who built it has fallen .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the man has fallen .','The man built it .')

Input: Nor is it a Hungary , where yesterday the parliament approved constitutional changes meant to help turn the Communist nation into a multiparty democracy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow , Washington and Western Europe .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect .','A prospect almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow , Washington and Western Europe .')

Input: In Washington , the Bush administration took a characteristically cautious and skeptical view of the leadership change .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Washington .','The Bush administration took a characteristically cautious and skeptical view of the leadership change .')

Input: He does n't want to have the image of the gun man , says Fred Oldenburg , an expert at the Bonn-sponsored Institute of East European and International Studies in Cologne .
Prediction: NONE

Input: West German government officials and Western analysts are doubtful .
Prediction: CO/LIST('West German government officials are doubtful .','Western analysts are doubtful .')

Input: This is a dynamic process and we 're experiencing the first step , the Bonn official adds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo .','The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with a fear of what might happen if they did n't .')

Input: Nestle Korea Ltd. opened a coffee and non-dairy-creamer plant in Chongju , South Korea .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The chairman and a director of one of the Republic of Singapore 's leading property companies , City Development Ltd. , or CDL , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars -LRB- about US$ 409,000 -RRB- .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The chairman , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars -LRB- about US$ 409,000 -RRB- .','A director of one of the Republic of Singapore 's leading property companies , City Development Ltd. , or CDL , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars -LRB- about US$ 409,000 -RRB- .')

Input: Both men were charged in a subordinate court and released on bail of S$ 1 million .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Both men were charged in a subordinate court .','Both men were released on bail of S$ 1 million .')

Input: The Queks control the Hong Leong Group , which has widespread interests in manufacturing , property and finance in both Malaysia and Singapore .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Queks control the Hong Leong Group .','The Hong Leong Group has widespread interests in manufacturing , property and finance in both Malaysia and Singapore .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: If convicted , he could be imprisoned for up to 10 years and fined $ 250,000 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('If convicted , he could be imprisoned for up to 10 years .','If convicted , he could be fined $ 250,000 .')

Input: Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives .','Norton makes diamond tools .','Norton makes specialty plastics .','Norton makes ceramics .')

Input: The quake postponed the third and fourth games of the World Series .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But USAir might not want to help Mr. Steinhardt , he adds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steinhardt is Mr. .','But USAir might not want to help Steinhardt , he adds .')

Input: Such disclosures of big holdings often are used by raiders to try to scare a company 's managers , and to stir interest in the stock .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(', Such disclosures of big holdings often are used by raiders .','This was to try to scare a company 's managers , and to stir interest in the stock .')

Input: But of course it would be highly unusual for an investment fund such as Steinhardt Partners to take over a company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But sales to consumers have become difficult during the past several months , even in West Germany , which has been by far Commodore 's strongest market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But sales to consumers have become difficult during the past several months , even in West Germany .','West Germany has been by far Commodore 's strongest market .')

Input: But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in UAL .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was due largely to further selling in UAL .','But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session .')

Input: Marsh & McLennan advanced 3 1\/8 to 75 7\/8 , Alexander & Alexander Services climbed 2 to 32 and Corroon & Black firmed 1 7\/8 to 37 1\/2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Marsh & McLennan advanced 31\/8 to 757\/8 .','Alexander & Alexander Services climbed 2 to 32 .',', Corroon & Black firmed 17\/8 to 371\/2 .')

Input: Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or downsizing of about 25 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Computer Associates International Inc. , Garden City , N.Y. , and Digital Equipment Corp. said they agreed to jointly develop software to help manage Digital 's Vax computers .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Computer Associates International Inc. , Garden City , N.Y. , and Digital Equipment Corp. said .','They agreed to jointly develop software to help manage Digital 's Vax computers .')

Input: In a Dutch auction , the buyer sets a price range and holders give a price in that range at which they 're willing to sell their shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in a Dutch auction .','The buyer sets a price range and holders give a price in that range at which they 're willing to sell their shares .')

Input: Dayton Hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 60 and $ 65 for the buy-back .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for the buy-back .','Dayton Hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 60 and $ 65 .')

Input: Enron Power Corp. , a unit of the Houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , construct and run the plant .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Enron Power Corp. is a unit of the Houston natural gas pipeline company .','Enron Power Corp. would design , construct and run the plant .')

Input: A subsidiary of Britain 's Imperial Chemical Industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from the proposed station .','A subsidiary of Britain 's Imperial Chemical Industries would buy electricity and steam .')

Input: The $ 29.7 million net loss compares with net income of $ 19.6 million , or 57 cents a share , a year earlier .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The $ 29.7 million net loss compares with net income of $ 19.6 million , a year earlier .','The $ 29.7 million net loss compares with net income of 57 cents a share , a year earlier .')

Input: San Francisco area officials gave the media high marks for helping people find shelter and obtain emergency information after Tuesday 's catastrophic earthquake .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The San Francisco Examiner issued a special edition around noon yesterday that was filled entirely with earthquake news and information .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was around noon .','The San Francisco Examiner issued a special edition yesterday that was filled entirely with earthquake news and information .')

Input: The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 2,480 cots , 500 blankets , and 300 pints of Type-O blood .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 2,480 cots .','The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 500 blankets .','The Los Angeles Red Cross sent 300 pints of Type-O blood .')

Input: The Arizona Corporations Commission authorized an 11.5 % rate increase at Tucson Electric Power Co. , substantially lower than recommended last month by a commission hearing officer and barely half the rise sought by the utility .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The U.S. wants a higher won to make South Korea 's exports more expensive and help trim Seoul 's trade surplus .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('The U.S. wants a higher won .','This is to make South Korea 's exports more expensive and help trim Seoul 's trade surplus .')

Input: But the 57-year-old publisher has moved quickly and boldly to deal with the magazines ' problems .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said Sassy will keep its irreverent tone , but added , We will keep a close watch on the editorial content of the magazine .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the editorial content of the magazine .','He said Sassy will keep its irreverent tone , but added , We will keep a close watch .')

Input: But Sassy has a different spirit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The magazine Success , however , was for years lackluster and unfocused .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was however .','The magazine Success was for years lackluster and unfocused .')

Input: We would have to go outside to banks to get the money and I am not ready to do that , he said .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We would have to go outside to banks to get the money .','I am not ready to do that , he said .')

Input: But Ms. Bertussi asked , Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last year , the company had net income of $ 117.3 million , or $ 1.30 a share .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Last year , the company had net income of $ 117.3 million .','Last year , the company had net income of $ 1.30 a share .')

Input: Arkla Exploration owns sizable gas and crude-oil reserves in the South and Southwest .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt , increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt .','The redemption then is increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter .')

Input: Mr. Taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Taylor was Mr. .','Taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans .')

Input: The calls reached many , but certainly not all , of the publicly held companies with operations in the area .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was of the publicly held companies with operations in the area .','The calls reached many , but certainly not all .')

Input: In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in most cases .','Damage to company facilities and operations was minimal .')

Input: Most of its 4,500 workers were at work yesterday , and no production slowdown was anticipated as long as electricity remains available .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Most of its 4,500 workers were at work yesterday .','No production slowdown was anticipated as long as electricity remains available .')

Input: The company expects to reopen three Target stores and all but two Mervyn 's today or tomorrow .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company expects to reopen three Target stores today or tomorrow .','The company expects to reopen all but two Mervyn 's today or tomorrow .')

Input: The company has 18,000 employees and more than 70 buildings in the Bay area .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The company has 18,000 employees .','The company has more than 70 buildings in the Bay area .')

Input: Others had lesser damage and there were no injuries among workers .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Others had lesser damage .','There were no injuries among workers .')

Input: Also closed yesterday were the company 's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center .
Prediction: NONE

Input: PROCTER & GAMBLE CO. , Cincinnati-based company 's Folgers Coffee plant in South San Francisco was closed following the earthquake , no injuries or major damage , other plants around country can make up for any lost production .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('PROCTER('PROCTER()))

Input: RAYCHEM CORP. , Menlo Park , plastics manufacturer , annual sales $ 1 billion , no major damage and no production slowdown is anticipated .
Prediction: CO/LIST('RAYCHEM('Menlo Park is anticipated .','Plastics manufacturer is anticipated .','Annual sales $ 1 billion is anticipated .','No major damage is anticipated .','No production slowdown is anticipated .'))

Input: SAFEWAY STORES INC. , Oakland , retail food chain , annual sales of $ 13.6 billion , some structural damage to headquarters and no power ; major problems transporting products to those stores that remained open ; no numbers on how many stores closed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many employees stayed home yesterday , but customer service was being maintained .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Many employees stayed home yesterday .',', Customer service was being maintained .')

Input: WATKINS-JOHNSON CO. , defense-oriented electronics manufacturer , annual sales $ 292 million , NYSE , minor damage to headquarters and plant in Palo Alto , no damage to San Jose plant , still assessing damage at Scotts Valley plant , where main product is furnaces for semiconductor production .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Liability in the bridge and road collapses will revolve around whether government took reasonable care to build and maintain the structures , says John Messina , a Tacoma , Wash. , personal-injury attorney who specializes in highway design and maintenance cases .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed .','No further meetings are scheduled .')

Input: He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In 1906 , the rupture was 300 miles long and a couple feet wide .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in 1906 .','The rupture was 300 miles long and a couple feet wide .')

Input: Though the epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco , its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco .','Its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion .')

Input: But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Johnson was Mr. .','But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Johnson predicted .')

Input: We 've known for years and years we 've got lots of old -LCB- pre-1950s -RCB- unreinforced brick and masonry buildings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And sooner or later , we have to do something about it .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is about it .','And sooner or later , we have to do something .')

Input: The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults , the San Andreas , the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults .','The Bay Area has the San Andreas .','The Bay Area has the Hayward fault .','The Bay Area has the Calaveras fault .')

Input: The name Classic Coke has tremendous value , and they have n't merchandised that name before , says Jesse Meyers , publisher of the trade journal Beverage Digest .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Oakland , hopes faded for finding any more survivors within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in Oakland .','Hopes faded for finding any more survivors within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway .')

Input: The baseball commissioner said the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would be played Tuesday in Candlestick Park .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the baseball commissioner said .','The third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would be played Tuesday in Candlestick Park .')

Input: The voting for new laws followed dissolution of Hungary 's Communist Party this month and its replacement by a Western-style Socialist Party .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The voting for new laws followed dissolution of Hungary 's Communist Party this month .','The voting for new laws its replacement by a Western-style Socialist Party .')

Input: The Bush administration accused Israeli Prime Minister Shamir of hindering peace efforts in the Mideast with unhelpful and disappointing statements .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shamir was Israeli Prime Minister .','The Bush administration accused Shamir of hindering peace efforts in the Mideast with unhelpful and disappointing statements .')

Input: Figgie is a fire protection , electronics and industrial products concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share , or $ 635 million .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share .','But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 635 million .')

Input: Ethan Bronner 's Battle for Justice : How the Bork Nomination Shook America -LRB- Norton , 399 pages , $ 22.50 -RRB- is a spirited narrative of the nastiest of these hearings , done with journalistic verve , but with a flawed legal philosophy .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Norton was 399 pages .','Ethan Bronner 's Battle for Justice : How the Bork Nomination Shook America -LRB- Norton $ 22.50 -RRB- is a spirited narrative of the nastiest of these hearings , done with journalistic verve , but with a flawed legal philosophy .')

Input: What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power , in which an army of judicial activists rolled over a judge they had demonized .
Prediction: SUB/DESCRIBING_DEFINITION('What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power they had demonized .', SUB/ELABORATION('This was in a battle for justice but for naked power .','An army of judicial activists rolled over a judge .'))

Input: The nomination still might have been salvaged if a number of Democratic moderates in the South and Southwest had broken party lines .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The nomination still might have been salvaged .','A number of Democratic moderates in the South and Southwest had broken party lines .')

Input: Demographics converged with mainstream and demonizing to seal Robert Bork 's fate .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('Demographics converged with mainstream and demonizing .','This was to seal Robert Bork 's fate .')

Input: Mr. Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Lerner is Mr. .','Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York .')

Input: When Christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the Dorrance collection , representatives of the Dorrance family told us it was a question of financial considerations , said Michael Findlay , Christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There seems to be a lot of art for sale , but there 's more competition .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('There seems to be a lot of art for sale .','There 's more competition .')

Input: There 's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level , says Bruce Miller , president of Art Funding Corp. , an art lender .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dealers and auction houses know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Dealers and auction houses know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will .','It 's that competitive .')

Input: Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence , and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence .','Abandoning socialism means abandoning with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall .')

Input: In this scenario it 's hard to imagine that a pale imitation of the Federal Republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie -- economic , federal or stronger -- with West Germany .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in this scenario .','It 's hard to imagine that a pale imitation of the Federal Republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie -- economic , federal or stronger -- with West Germany .')

Input: The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at their gates .','The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees .')

Input: The problem is one that East Germany shares with other half-states , such as North Korea , but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The problem is one .','East Germany shares with other half-states , such as North Korea , but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc .')

Input: Up to now , the main weapon of the worker and peasant state has been the ideology of socialism .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was up to now .','The main weapon of the worker and peasant state has been the ideology of socialism .')

Input: Without Moscow 's military and party behind it , East Germany runs the risk of disintegrating .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This is without Moscow 's military and party behind it .','East Germany runs the risk of disintegrating .')

Input: Ideologues are the last to surrender , and Germans are an ideological people .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ideologues are the last to surrender .','Germans are an ideological people .')

Input: But within the government and in the think tanks outside it , many West Germans maintain that they do n't want immediate reunification .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But within the government and in the think tanks outside it , many West Germans maintain .','They do n't want immediate reunification .')

Input: But it would be ironic if Germany 's reunification , just like its division , eventually were the result of actions in centers of power other than Bonn and Berlin .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('But it would be ironic .','Germany 's reunification , just like its division , eventually were the result of actions in centers of power other than Bonn and Berlin .')

Input: But most businesses in the Bay area , including Silicon Valley , were n't greatly affected .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was including Silicon Valley .','But most businesses in the Bay area were n't greatly affected .')

Input: Computer and software companies in the region are expecting virtually no long-term disruption in shipments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But investors remain wary about stocks , partly because of turmoil in the junk-bond market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is partly because of turmoil in the junk-bond market .','But investors remain wary about stocks .')

Input: B.A.T Industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan , including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units .','B.A.T Industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan .')

Input: But some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what some market players think .','Earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets .')

Input: LIVESTOCK AND MEATS :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Health Care Property Investors Inc. , offering of 2,250,000 shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods allocated to those buyers .','Those buyers place the highest value on them .')

Input: Such spillover effects give the state a right to intervene in the marketplace and temporarily coordinate allocation of resources .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster .','Every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor .')

Input: Would Mr. Laband also suggest that the Red Cross , Salvation Army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens cease their efforts to assist Hugo 's victims because they interfere with his concept of the free market ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: And what about insurance firms ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Having been through several tornadoes and hurricanes , I have a different perspective .
Prediction: CO/LIST('I is having been through several tornadoes and hurricanes .','I have a different perspective .')

Input: Mine comes from seeing thriving communities devastated -- but only temporarily .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to confuse priorities such as the true economic value of a freezer full of meat .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His theoretical approach are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him .','Its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him .')

Input: Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by our two major theater troupes , the Goodman and Steppenwolf .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by our two major theater troupes .','Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by the Goodman .','Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by Steppenwolf .')

Input: He is the jealous friend of Philinte , and the jealous lover of Celimene .
Prediction: CO/LIST('He is the jealous friend of Philinte .','He is the jealous lover of Celimene .')

Input: The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater .','You ever have the opportunity .')

Input: But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at Robert Falls 's The Misanthrope at the Goodman .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is at the Goodman .','But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at Robert Falls 's The Misanthrope .')

Input: When The Homecoming was first produced on this side of the Atlantic , actors and directors were reverential .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Homecoming was first produced on this side of the Atlantic .','Actors and directors were reverential .')

Input: Nobody smiled onstage , and nobody in the audience was encouraged to laugh .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Nobody smiled onstage .','Nobody in the audience was encouraged to laugh .')

Input: His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 .','He is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations .')

Input: But Welles 's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a mercurial -- existence .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 're just recovering and getting back to business as usual .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Insurance-related stocks were mixed as investors tried to figure out how to assess the impact of the property damage and deaths on those concerns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Insurance-related stocks were mixed .','Investors tried to figure out how to assess the impact of the property damage and deaths on those concerns .')

Input: As well , reinsurers and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was as well .','Reinsurers and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits .')

Input: Academy Insurance fell 1\/32 to 1 3\/16 ; but volume totaled 1.2 million shares .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Academy Insurance fell 1\/32 to 13\/16 .','Volume totaled 1.2 million shares .')

Input: Shares of Kasler , a California road and bridge builder , were heavily traded , jumping 2 1\/8 to 9 7\/8 on 1.3 million shares .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Shares of Kasler were a California road and bridge builder .',', Shares of Kasler were heavily traded , jumping 21\/8 to 97\/8 on 1.3 million shares .')

Input: The company , based in San Francisco , provides industrial infrastructure engineering and construction services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company provides industrial infrastructure engineering and construction services .','The company is based in San Francisco .')

Input: But most of those stocks fared well .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 .',', Cetus gained 1\/2 to 163\/8 .')

Input: Microsoft advanced 1 7\/8 to 80 1\/2 and Lotus Development added 1 1\/4 to 32 1\/2 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Microsoft advanced 17\/8 to 801\/2 .','Lotus Development added 11\/4 to 321\/2 .')

Input: Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Connaught is a biotechnology research .',', Connaught is vaccine manufacturing concern .')

Input: The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline , and these Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline .','These Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass .')

Input: That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone , and political realities will push up income-tax rates .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone .','That is , with capital gains cut , political realities will push up income-tax rates .')

Input: In Washington and on Wall Street .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two other defendants previously pleaded guilty , and charges against the third were dropped .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Two other defendants previously pleaded guilty .',', Charges against the third were dropped .')

Input: The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The companies are followed by at least three analysts .','The companies had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share .')

Input: But the offering almost did n't happen .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Treasury contended that TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The Treasury contended .','TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market .')

Input: The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % and a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % .','The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % .')

Input: Those are Templeton Global Income , Templeton Emerging Markets and now the Value Fund .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Those are Templeton Global Income .','Those are Templeton Emerging Markets .','Those are now the Value Fund .')

Input: Emerging growth stocks have n't been popular in America for years , they 've been neglected , he said , and their prices often trail the market as a whole .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Emerging growth stocks have n't been popular in America for years .','They 've been neglected .','He said .','Their prices often trail the market as a whole .')

Input: Cincinnati Gas & Electric is in good shape , Mr. Taft said , and utilities are a good investment because interest rates are going down .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Cincinnati Gas & Electric is in good shape .','Utilities are a good investment because interest rates are going down .')

Input: I do n't know of any news or anything unusual happening here , said Bruce Stoecklin , director of media services .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said that ill effects from new carpets manifest themselves immediately but that the Beebes ' symptoms appeared months later .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said .','That ill effects from new carpets manifest themselves immediately but that the Beebes ' symptoms appeared months later .')

Input: All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits have been dismissed before the trial stage .','The 40 or so lawsuits have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval .')

Input: But developers of four planned office towers cautioned that obstacles still remain .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But developers of four planned office towers cautioned .','Obstacles still remain .')

Input: State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE(', State and city officials are still negotiating with developers .','This is to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel .')

Input: In an era of sound bites ' and instant opinion polls it is dangerous to apply broad labels to a single term .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in an era of sound bites ' and instant opinion polls .','It is dangerous to apply broad labels to a single term .')

Input: But one far-afield effect is still with us .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Middle East supplies were growing in importance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shortage and crisis became buzz words , although neither really applied .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST(', Shortage and crisis became buzz words .','Neither really applied .')

Input: The embargo lasted only six months , but the price hikes became a fact of life .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The embargo lasted only six months .','The price hikes became a fact of life .')

Input: Once and for all , $ 5-a-barrel crude oil and 35-cents-a-gallon gasoline were history .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Once and for all , $ 5-a-barrel crude oil were history .','Once and for all , 35-cents-a-gallon gasoline were history .')

Input: Times may be tough on Wall Street for some , but a few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Times may be tough on Wall Street for some .','A few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more .')

Input: The increase is noted in the brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The increase is noted in the brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement .','The brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement was filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission .')

Input: Mr. Craven is widely credited with refocusing Morgan Grenfell 's energies on its core corporate finance , fund management and banking activities over the past year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Craven was Mr. .',', Craven is widely credited with refocusing Morgan Grenfell 's energies on its core corporate finance , fund management and banking activities over the past year .')

Input: The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager .','The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : .')

Input: California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 144.35 million of revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente , due 19931999 , 2004 , 2008 , 2018 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There are about $ 10 million of 7 % bonds priced at 99 1\/4 to yield 7.081 % in 2004 ; about $ 15 million of 7 % bonds priced at 98 1\/2 to yield 7.145 % in 2008 ; about $ 88.35 million of 7 % bonds priced at 97 1\/4 to yield 7.227 % in 2018 ; and about $ 15 million of 6 3\/4 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2019 .
Prediction: CO/LIST('There are about $ 10 million of 7 % bonds priced at 991\/4 to yield 7.081 % in 2004 .','There are about $ 15 million of 7 % bonds priced at 981\/2 to yield 7.145 % in 2008 .','There are about $ 88.35 million of 7 % bonds priced at 971\/4 to yield 7.227 % in 2018 .','There are about $ 15 million of 63\/4 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2019 .')

Input: The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The bonds are insured .','The bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P .')

Input: Oregon -- $ 100 million of general obligation veterans ' tax notes , Series 1989 , dated Nov. 1 , 1989 , and due Nov. 1 , 1990 , through a Chemical Securities Inc. group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $ 55.8 million of Series C bonds priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's and triple-A by S&P .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If human beings ca n't cut federal spending honestly -- and they ca n't -- let the computers do it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Social Security and spending for poor people are exempted .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Social Security are exempted .',', Spending for poor people are exempted .')

Input: Others were the capital-gains cut , Section 89 repeal , the disabled workers bill , and the unprecedented reconsideration of the catastrophic health act .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Others were the capital-gains cut .','Others were Section 89 repeal .','Others were the disabled workers bill .','Others were the unprecedented reconsideration of the catastrophic health act .')

Input: Save the sequester , and let Washington scream .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Seats are currently quoted at $ 425,000 bid and $ 475,000 offered .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Seats are currently quoted at $ 425,000 bid .',', Seats are currently quoted at $ 475,000 offered .')

Input: Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Paris shares had a similar reaction .','Most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets .')

Input: Foreign investors reportedly started off selling but later joined in the buying .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Foreign investors reportedly started off selling .','Foreign investors reportedly later joined in the buying .')

Input: Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears .','Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check .')

Input: Prices opened strongly on the basis of Monday 's Wall Street rally and yesterday 's gains in Tokyo .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Prices opened strongly on the basis of Monday 's Wall Street rally .','Prices opened strongly on yesterday 's gains in Tokyo .')

Input: But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the advance faltered .','Index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over .')

Input: Amstrad , a British computer hardware and communications equipment maker , eased 4 to 47 .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Amstrad was a British computer hardware and communications equipment maker .','Amstrad eased 4 to 47 .')

Input: Brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early bargain-hunting , but most ended below their peaks .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early bargain-hunting .','Brewery stocks most ended below their peaks .')

Input: Paris closed lower , and most Brussels shares were unable to trade for a second consecutive day because of technical problems .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Paris closed lower .','Most Brussels shares were unable to trade for a second consecutive day because of technical problems .')

Input: Elsewhere , share prices rebounded in Hong Kong , Sydney , Singapore , Wellington , Taipei , Manila and Seoul .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was elsewhere .',', Share prices rebounded in Hong Kong , Sydney , Singapore , Wellington , Taipei , Manila and Seoul .')

Input: AVX Corp. and Unitrode Corp. said they completed the previously reported sale of Unitrode 's San Diego-based Passive Components division to AVX .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what AVX Corp. and Unitrode Corp. said .','They completed the previously reported sale of Unitrode 's San Diego-based Passive Components division to AVX .')

Input: The producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said .',', Spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 1990 .')

Input: The expansion is subject to approval by federal and Wisconsin environmental regulators .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But while they want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now , they 're afraid of being hammered by another terrifying plunge .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('They want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now .','But , they 're afraid of being hammered by another terrifying plunge .')

Input: Called a married put , the technique is carried out by purchasing a stock and simultaneously buying a put option on that stock .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The technique was called a married put .','The technique is carried out by purchasing a stock and simultaneously buying a put option on that stock .')

Input: Because a put option gives its owner the right , but not the obligation , to sell a fixed number of shares of the stock at a stated price on or before the option 's expiration date , the investor is protected against a sudden drop in the stock 's price .
Prediction: SUB/CAUSE('A put option gives its owner the right , but not the obligation , to sell a fixed number of shares of the stock at a stated price on or before the option 's expiration date .','The investor is protected against a sudden drop in the stock 's price .')

Input: To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to simplify the calculations .',', Commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table .')

Input: There are more than 650 stocks on which options may be bought and sold , including some over-the-counter stocks .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including some over-the-counter stocks .','There are more than 650 stocks on which options may be bought and sold .')

Input: But some investors might prefer a simpler strategy then hedging their individual holdings .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Index options are convenient .','But , they have several disadvantages .')

Input: But if the price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option , the stock is almost certain to be called away .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option .','But , the stock is almost certain to be called away .')

Input: And in that case , the investor misses out on any major upside gain .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues , ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal of catastrophic-illness insurance .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues of catastrophic-illness insurance .','The question of what would become was ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal .')

Input: Steven C. Walker , senior vice president of this bank holding company , was named president , chief executive officer and a director of both Commercial National and Commercial National Bank .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION(', Steven C. Walker was senior vice president of this bank holding company .',', Steven C. Walker was named president , chief executive officer and a director of both Commercial National and Commercial National Bank .')

Input: But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts .','The improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam .')

Input: Not only was August 's deficit far worse than July 's , but the government revised the July figure substantially from the $ 7.58 billion deficit it had initially reported last month .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Not only was August 's deficit far worse than July 's , but the government revised the July figure substantially from the $ 7.58 billion deficit .','It had initially reported last month the $ 7.58 billion deficit .')

Input: The best result we could get from these numbers would be to see the administration and Congress get serious about putting the U.S. on an internationally competitive economic footing , said Howard Lewis , vice president of international economic affairs at the National Association of Manufacturers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports snazzy graphics , digital sound , built-in networking and a sleek black design .
Prediction: CO/LIST('His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports snazzy graphics .','His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports digital sound .','His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports built-in networking .','His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports a sleek black design .')

Input: But it will definitely boost Next 's sales .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same , but is believed to have a color model under development .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same .','Next is believed to have a color model under development .')

Input: Donald J. Amaral , 37 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of this owner and operator of hospitals , nursing centers and retirement hotels .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was 37 years old .','Donald J. Amaral was named president and chief operating officer of this owner and operator of hospitals , nursing centers and retirement hotels .')

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels .','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions .')

Input: The former executives were indicted last October on charges of fraud , theft and conspiracy related to efforts by the company to win $ 400 million in Postal Service contracts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Except to characterize its offer as fair and generous and in the best interests of Mesa shareholders , StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('This was to characterize its offer as fair and generous and in the best interests of Mesa shareholders .',', StatesWest declined to discuss details of its proposal .')

Input: StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft , connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft .',', StatesWest is connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada .')

Input: Neither Mr. Taylor nor Mr. Watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Taylor was Mr. .','Neither Taylor nor Watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing .')

Input: Not only are there camera operators on all sides , but the proceedings are shown on monitors throughout the theater .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness , however .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is however .','This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness .')

Input: Mr. Gelbart deplores the obfuscation , the circumlocution and the debasement of language he sees on all sides .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gelbart is Mr. .','Gelbart deplores the obfuscation , the circumlocution and the debasement of language he sees on all sides .')

Input: Most of the evening , though , is filled with rare and welcome wit .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was though .','Most of the evening is filled with rare and welcome wit .')

Input: The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing , and Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing .',', Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor .')

Input: But the Gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured in flagrante by Joan Postel , who called the police .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But the Gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured in flagrante by Joan Postel .','Joan Postel called the police .')

Input: Limited partner Billy Salomon , whose family name had been on the firm 's door for 70 years and who had hoped it would be there forever , was not consulted .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Billy Salomon was Limited partner .','Billy Salomon , whose family name had been on the firm 's door for 70 years and who had hoped it would be there forever , was not consulted .')

Input: Its profits , unlike Phibro 's , soared over the next two years , and had it held out , Salomon could have gotten an even bigger bundle .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was unlike Phibro 's .','Its profits soared over the next two years , and had it held out , Salomon could have gotten an even bigger bundle .')

Input: The earlier generation of our crowd bankers -- Belmonts , Warburgs , Lehmans , Baches and Schiffs -- had stressed above all probity , tradition , continuity and reputation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds and heaves out their eggs .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds .','The cuckoo heaves out their eggs .')

Input: But the old guard hired the New Crowd people : It brought in its own cuckoos .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the old guard hired the New Crowd people .','It brought in its own cuckoos .')

Input: -LRB- A Fortune article on Saul Steinberg was entitled , Fear and Loathing in the Corporate Boardrooms . -RRB-
Prediction: NONE

Input: As described in The New Crowd , they take on ambitious new wives , move to Greenwich , Conn. , or Bedford , N.Y. , buy OK pictures , and let their wives share the wealth with decorators .
Prediction: CO/UNKNOWN_COORDINATION('As described in The New Crowd , they take on ambitious new wives the wealth with decorators .','As described in The New Crowd , they move to Greenwich , Conn. , or Bedford , N.Y. , buy OK pictures , and let their wives share the wealth with decorators .')

Input: It has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut corners in the process .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They include 122,700 shares bought Friday for between $ 47.125 and $ 48 each .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('They include 122,700 shares .','122,700 shares were bought Friday for between $ 47.125 and $ 48 each .')

Input: The businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors and instructed in trade procedures .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors .','The businessmen are instructed in trade procedures .')

Input: Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said among its restructuring measures .','It plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees .')

Input: And he indicated that more substantial improvement is expected in the next couple of quarters .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what he indicated .','More substantial improvement is expected in the next couple of quarters .')

Input: Equipment orders on the domestic side were particularly strong in shipping and power utilities , said an agency official .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If your prospect is feeling risk the whole time and you 're not feeling as if you 're backed up by a stable company , you 've lost it before you 've begun , says Mary Ann Cluggish , a Wellesley , Mass. , sales trainer and consultant who works with high technology companies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead .','Wang got into overly optimistic sales forecasts .')

Input: Its mainline minicomputers and word processors have lost ground to cheaper personal computers .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to cheaper personal computers .','Its mainline minicomputers and word processors have lost ground .')

Input: Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But their present financial condition means I 'd have a hard time convincing the vice president in charge of purchasing .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But their present financial condition means .','I 'd have a hard time convincing the vice president in charge of purchasing .')

Input: Wang 's overall product line is still not as good as other vendors , but they 've come a long way , says Steven Wendler , a consultant with market researcher Gartner Group , Stamford , Conn .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Wang 's installed base is one of its greatest assets , and many of those customers remain extremely loyal .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Wang 's installed base is one of its greatest assets .','Many of those customers remain extremely loyal .')

Input: New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability are New customers .','New customers are even tougher .')

Input: But salespeople often found that news of Wang 's problems superseded their sales efforts .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But salespeople often found .','News of Wang 's problems superseded their sales efforts .')

Input: Buyers have to rely on a supplier continually upgrading and replacing the product , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Buyers have to rely on a supplier continually upgrading and replacing the product .','This is what he says .')

Input: Look a customer right in the eye and say , I 'm glad to be at Wang .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the eye .','Look a customer right and say , I 'm glad to be at Wang .')

Input: The market for electrochemicals include the paper , water-purification and textile industries .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Profit in Olin 's defense and ammunition segment rose to $ 8 million from $ 7 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from $ 7 million .','Profit in Olin 's defense and ammunition segment rose to $ 8 million .')

Input: Pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 8.2 % but profits from telecommunications products and electrical products were flat .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 8.2 % .','Profits from telecommunications products and electrical products were flat .')

Input: MCI claims about 12 % of the overall long-distance telephone market but just under 10 % of the $ 23 billion residential market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what we think .','Revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability .')

Input: Including Monday 's plunge , that has given the two executives paper losses of $ 49.5 million , based on what they would have realized had the pilots and management-led buy-out of UAL gone through at $ 300 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Manville is a building and forest products concern .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2 % and 3 % , respectively .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was respectively .','A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2 % and 3 % .')

Input: World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to $ 277 million .','World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % .')

Input: But it 's not mediocre , it 's a real problem .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Osborn also operates Muzak franchises , entertainment properties and small cable-television systems .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Osborn also operates Muzak franchises .','Osborn also operates entertainment properties .','Osborn also operates small cable-television systems .')

Input: For a few days at least , he says , no pictures or drawings of any kind will adorn the columns .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for a few days at least .','He says , no pictures or drawings of any kind will adorn the columns .')

Input: Deeply ingrained in both the book review Kissing Nature Good-bye by Stephen MacDonald -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 -RRB- and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Enormous ice sheets retreated from the face of North America , northern Europe and Asia .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Enormous ice sheets retreated from the face of North America .','Enormous ice sheets retreated from the face of northern Europe .','Enormous ice sheets retreated from the face of Asia .')

Input: It is probably continuing and may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming .
Prediction: CO/LIST('It is probably continuing .','It may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming .')

Input: Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('The jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year .','IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector .')

Input: On the comptroller side , you 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the comptroller side .','You 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget .')

Input: Before American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega , it helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates .
Prediction: SUB/TEMPORAL('American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega .','It helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates .')

Input: And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power .','And out of necessity : a single error on his part could cost him his life .')

Input: His chief advantage in the fight : his intimate knowledge of American ways and weaknesses .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In his peaked military cap and neatly pressed , French-made uniform , Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life , friends from the period say .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was in his peaked military cap and neatly pressed , French-made uniform .','Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life , friends from the period say .')

Input: It was modest pay by American standards , but a healthy boost to his small military salary , which fellow officers remember as having been $ 300 to $ 400 monthly .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('It was modest pay by American standards , but a healthy boost to his small military salary .','Fellow officers remember as having been $ 300 to $ 400 monthly his small military salary .')

Input: He did it very well , recalls Boris Martinez , a former Panamanian colonel who managed Mr. Noriega and his operation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked , laughing at them and then retreating to his office .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega is Mr. .','Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked , laughing at them and then retreating to his office .')

Input: Early on in the State Department , we took to calling him the rent-a-colonel , in tribute to his ability to simultaneously milk the antagonistic intelligence services of Cuba and the United States , recalls Francis J. McNeil , who , as deputy assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs , first ran across reports about Mr. Noriega in 1977 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the investigators were quickly closing in on Mr. Noriega himself .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Noriega was Mr. .','And the investigators were quickly closing in on Noriega himself .')

Input: Unfortunately , Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter , those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eskenazi was Mr. .','Unfortunately , Eskenazi wrote in a letter , those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control .')

Input: And , all the while , Panama 's debt problems continued to grow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That allowed him to get stronger and stronger , he says .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('That allowed him to get stronger and stronger .','This is what he says .')

Input: I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('I do n't think .','We created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong .')

Input: Capital spending and exports , which have been the driving force in this expansion , are showing clear signs of having the steam taken out of them , said Robert Dederick , economist for Northern Trust Co. in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: What this is saying is that the surgeon general 's message is having an impact , said Melvyn Tockman , an epidemiologist at the Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health in Baltimore .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks and 5.3 % for whites .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks .','The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for 5.3 % for whites .')

Input: Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population , especially children , adolescents and minorities .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The population is especially children , adolescents and minorities .',', Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population .')

Input: But the editorial , by Jan Stjernsward of the World Health Organization , notes that tobacco consumption and lung-cancer mortality rates are rising in developing countries .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what the editorial , by Jan Stjernsward of the World Health Organization , notes .','Tobacco consumption and lung-cancer mortality rates are rising in developing countries .')

Input: Recent changes in average annual age-specific lung-cancer rates per 100,000 population by race and sex .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Nasdaq Composite closed down 1.05 , or 0.2 % , to 459.93 .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Composite closed down 1.05 to 459.93 .','The Nasdaq Composite closed down 0.2 % , to 459.93 .')

Input: The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks .','This was what traders said .')

Input: The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Program trading is benefiting a few to the detriment of many and I wish someone would do something about it , he complained .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to the detriment of many .','Program trading is benefiting a few and I wish someone would do something about it , he complained .')

Input: The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings .','Fiscal fourthquarter earnings were better than analysts had expected .')

Input: But favorable earnings was n't a guarantee that a stock 's price would improve yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But favorable earnings was n't a guarantee .','A stock 's price would improve yesterday .')

Input: But its thirdquarter earnings rose to 26 cents a share from 18 cents a share last year .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from 18 cents a share .','But its thirdquarter earnings rose to 26 cents a share last year .')

Input: Robert M. Jelenic , 39 , was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Robert M. Jelenic was 39 .','Robert M. Jelenic was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher .')

Input: Old Environmentalism involved microbe hunters and sanitationists .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis .','Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating diagnostic analysis .')

Input: The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy , eliminated much pain and constantly improved health and well-being .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy .','The process dramatically eliminated much pain .','The process dramatically constantly improved health and well-being .')

Input: Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital for their solution .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is for their solution .','Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital .')

Input: But the New Environmentalists oppose private wealth creation -LRB- which , they claim , depletes natural resources -RRB- and nuclear power -LRB- even though it would counteract the greenhouse effect -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills and methods of incineration and even oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering .
Prediction: CO/LIST('They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills and methods of incineration .','They even oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering .')

Input: New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life and a bid for political power .
Prediction: CO/LIST('New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life .','New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving a bid for political power .')

Input: If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues , that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues .','That hardly can be termed non-objective journalism .')

Input: We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet 's atmosphere .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This portends consequences from what we have already done that will be very destabilizing to social and economic systems .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was from what we have already done that will be very destabilizing to social and economic systems .','This portends consequences .')

Input: A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14 % increase in selling , administrative and general expenses -- to $ 324.9 million -- to marketing costs .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was to marketing costs .','A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14 % increase in selling , administrative and general expenses -- to $ 324.9 million -- .')

Input: In recent weeks Mr. Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out , say those familiar with the situation .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Merksamer was recent weeks Mr. .','In Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out , say those familiar with the situation .')

Input: Robert J. Regal was named president and chief executive officer of this company 's Universal-Rundle Corp. unit .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Regal had been president and chief executive of RBS Industries Inc .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Regal was Mr. .','Regal had been president and chief executive of RBS Industries Inc .')

Input: Spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , say there are no plans to alter the children 's line-up on Saturday mornings .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This is what spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. say .','There are no plans to alter the children 's line-up on Saturday mornings .')

Input: Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president and chief executive and will work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These research protocols offer to the patient not only the very best therapy which we have established today but also the hope of something still better .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , said Keith McHenry , a senior vice president of technology at Amoco Corp .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And we are looking for the most cost-effective way to clean up the air .
Prediction: SUB/PURPOSE('And we are looking for the most cost-effective way .','This is to clean up the air .')

Input: The Bush administration has said it will try to resurrect its plan when the House Energy and Commerce Committee takes up a comprehensive clean-air bill .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Bush administration has said .','It will try to resurrect its plan when the House Energy and Commerce Committee takes up a comprehensive clean-air bill .')

Input: But a committee staff member said the panel is unlikely to pursue closely the role of the senators .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what a committee staff member said .','The panel is unlikely to pursue closely the role of the senators .')

Input: Eastern ultimately decided it would have to keep and operate the routes itself , which would leave it with less cash for its reorganization .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Eastern ultimately decided .','It would have to keep and operate the routes itself , which would leave it with less cash for its reorganization .')

Input: That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That deadline has been extended once .','That deadline could be extended again .')

Input: But Congress still could resolve the issue with other legislation this year or next , Starr adds .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is with other legislation .','But Congress still could resolve the issue this year or next , Starr adds .')

Input: Amending a 1988 return to claim a refund brings cash faster ; but for personal losses , there are other factors to consider , notes publisher Prentice Hall .
Prediction: NONE

Input: IRS Notice 89-136 describes this and other deadline relief for Hugo 's victims .
Prediction: CO/LIST('IRS Notice 89-136 describes this .','IRS Notice 89-136 describes other deadline relief for Hugo 's victims .')

Input: People often cite frugality and distrust of banks to justify cash caches to the IRS .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is to the IRS .','People often cite frugality and distrust of banks to justify cash caches .')

Input: Brown had no proof ; but testimony of his mother and stepmother about his father and of an ex-employer about his honesty and habits satisfied a judge that Brown was truthful and his tale of gifts was possible .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Brown had no proof .','But testimony of his mother and stepmother about his father and of an ex-employer about his honesty and habits satisfied a judge that Brown was truthful and his tale of gifts was possible .')

Input: The court rejected his incredible claims , denied his deductions , and imposed a negligence penalty ... .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The court rejected his incredible claims ... .','The court denied his deductions ... .','The court imposed a negligence penalty ... .')

Input: Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle .','Kay Peterson grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats .')

Input: In numerous parks near San Francisco , rangers have been forced to close trails , set up speed traps and use radar guns to curb fast and reckless riding .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('This was in numerous parks near San Francisco .','Rangers have been forced to close trails , set up speed traps and use radar guns to curb fast and reckless riding .')

Input: Key to the issue is that the bikes , in skillful hands , can go virtually anywhere , and in reckless hands can become vehicles of terror .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in skillful hands .','Key to the issue is that the bikes can go virtually anywhere , and in reckless hands can become vehicles of terror .')

Input: Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist but a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers or equestrians .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Biking groups in Montana , Idaho , Michigan and Massachusetts have won similar concessions , says Tim Blumenthal , mountain bike editor of Bicycling magazine .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The town is home to the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame and it hosts the annual Fat Tire Bike Week .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The town is home to the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame .','It hosts the annual Fat Tire Bike Week .')

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shared Technologies Inc. , offering of 2.5 million common shares , via Smetek , Van Horn & Cormack Inc. and Oakes , Fitzwilliams & Co .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Early yesterday , investors scrambled to buy Treasury bonds for safety as stock prices plummeted and fears mounted of a replay of Friday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was for safety .','Early yesterday , investors scrambled to buy Treasury bonds as stock prices plummeted and fears mounted of a replay of Friday .')

Input: That cut short the rally in Treasury bonds and depressed prices moderately below late Monday 's levels .
Prediction: CO/LIST('That cut short the rally in Treasury bonds moderately below late Monday 's levels .','That cut short the rally in depressed prices moderately below late Monday 's levels .')

Input: Long-term Treasury issues declined about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('Long-term Treasury issues declined about half a point .','Long-term Treasury issues declined $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount .')

Input: People are breathing a major sigh of relief that the world did n't end Monday morning or yesterday .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('People are breathing a major sigh of relief .','The world did n't end Monday morning or yesterday .')

Input: But the dollar later rebounded , finishing slightly higher against the yen although slightly lower against the mark .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the Fed move was a small gesture , traders said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('But the Fed move was a small gesture .','This was what traders said .')

Input: CNBC is a joint venture of the National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Cablevision System Corp .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', CNBC is a joint venture of the National Broadcasting Co. .',', CNBC is a unit of General Electric Co. .',', CNBC is Cablevision System Corp .')

Input: Other programs and special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Other programs will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments .',', Special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments .')

Input: Some competing forest-products firms have recently reported improved results due to strong pulp and paper business .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pulp and paper performance depends on cost and price variables , the company said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('Pulp and paper performance depends on cost and price variables .','This was what the company said .')

Input: There 's nothing in here that 's horrible and nothing to make you think they 're setting the world on fire , said Carole Berger , analyst for C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were relatively flat , sometimes choppy , the bank said , and profit for the area sank 27 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were relatively flat , sometimes choppy , the bank said .','Profit for the area sank 27 % .')

Input: The cross-border loan portfolio reflected adjustment problems and episodic payment patterns , the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter , while Venezuela brought itself substantially current .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter .','While Venezuela brought itself substantially current .')

Input: People were waiting to see if we would take an additional provision for medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries , a Citicorp spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('People were waiting to see if we would take an additional provision for medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries .','This was what a Citicorp spokesman said .')

Input: The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a 1.25 % return on average assets for the quarter , about 40 % higher than Security Pacific 's and a profit ratio matched by only two or three other major banks in the U.S. .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was about 40 % higher than Security Pacific 's and a profit ratio matched by only two or three other major banks in the U.S. .','The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a 1.25 % return on average assets for the quarter .')

Input: The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .','It receives as interest payments the bank 's cost of funds and .')

Input: The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million , or 1.82 % of total loans .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million .','The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was 1.82 % of total loans .')

Input: Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict .
Prediction: NONE

Input: His pledge to clean up local administration and Indian politics , including his own party , went unfulfilled .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was including his own party .','His pledge to clean up local administration and Indian politics went unfulfilled .')

Input: The Lok Sabha , or lower house of Parliament , has 542 elected and two appointed seats .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The Lok Sabha has 542 elected and two appointed seats .','Lower house of Parliament , has 542 elected and two appointed seats .')

Input: But if the opposition remains fractured , the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government .
Prediction: SUB/CONDITION('The opposition remains fractured .','But , the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government .')

Input: But the average Indian had tremendous hope in the youthful leader and his promise to make both government and the ruling party more effective and less corrupt .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But the average Indian had tremendous hope in the youthful leader .','But the average Indian had his promise to make both government and the ruling party more effective and less corrupt .')

Input: His failures in those two areas deeply , and sometimes bitterly , disappointed many Indians .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Congress government is taking the farmers ' bread and not giving us any support .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Congress government is taking the farmers ' bread .','The Congress government is giving us any support .')

Input: The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party is the poor reputation of the opposition .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Gandhi is Mr. .','The greatest thing going for Gandhi and the Congress -LRB- I -RRB- Party is the poor reputation of the opposition .')

Input: The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances and letters between Bofors and certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances and letters between Bofors .','The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India .')

Input: The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal .','The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses .')

Input: But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This is on the jittery stock market .','But bond investors continue to keep a close watch .')

Input: But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average dashed those expectations .','A partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average had been down more than 60 points in midmorning .')

Input: Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by a $ 4 billion offering by the Tennessee Valley Authority and the prospect of a huge amount of new agency debt .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by a $ 4 billion offering by the Tennessee Valley Authority .','Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by the prospect of a huge amount of new agency debt .')

Input: The move was meant to keep a lid on interest rates and to boost investor confidence .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was on interest rates .','The move was meant to keep a lid and to boost investor confidence .')

Input: It ended at about 8 11\/16 % yesterday , but was as low as 8 1\/2 % Monday .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('It ended at about 811\/16 % yesterday .','It was as low as 81\/2 % Monday .')

Input: But most junk bonds closed unchanged after opening slightly higher on bargain-hunting by institutional investors .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Today the Treasury will announce the size of its next two-year note sale and Resolution Funding Corp. will announce details of its first bond offering .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Today the Treasury will announce the size of its next two-year note sale .','Today Resolution Funding Corp. will announce details of its first bond offering .')

Input: TVA offered $ 2 billion of 30-year bonds priced to yield 9.06 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year notes priced to yield 8.42 % ; and $ 1 billion in five-year notes priced to yield 8.33 % .
Prediction: CO/LIST('TVA offered $ 2 billion of 30-year bonds priced to yield 9.06 % .','TVA offered $ 1 billion in 10-year notes priced to yield 8.42 % .','TVA offered $ 1 billion in five-year notes priced to yield 8.33 % .')

Input: The derivative mortgage-backed market revived after a brief hiatus as two new Remics totaling $ 850 million were offered and talk circulated about two more issues that could be priced today .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The derivative mortgage-backed market revived after a brief hiatus as two new Remics totaling $ 850 million were offered and talk circulated about two more issues .','Two more issues could be priced today .')

Input: The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors , the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors .','This was what the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 .')

Input: We are stewards here , not of the mortgage companies , but the taxpayers , said the Texas Republican .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized , oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('Traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized .','Oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration .')

Input: Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures , A-2 senior notes and bonds , A-2 preferred stock and the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper .
Prediction: CO/LIST('Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures .','Ratings under review are A-2 senior notes and bonds .','Ratings under review are A-2 preferred stock .','Ratings under review are the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper .')

Input: But the nations of Europe and North America have decided they know better .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Local bankers and accountants help applicants fill out forms .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years or 24,000 miles .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years .','But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to 24,000 miles .')

Input: Shops represented by the Automotive Service Industry Association and the Motor Equipment Manufacturers Association oppose any increase in warranty length .
Prediction: CO/LIST(', Shops represented by the Automotive Service Industry Association .','The Motor Equipment Manufacturers Association oppose any increase in warranty length .')

Input: Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations .','Tenders for the bills must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .')

Input: Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze basic business operations .
Prediction: SUB/ATTRIBUTION('This was what Moody 's said .','The proposed recaptilization may limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze basic business operations .')

Input: But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('But there never was a chance .','The Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily .')

Input: But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By September , a new Reinforced Motorized Rifle Brigade with an additional 300 combat vehicles , 1,000 more trucks and 10,000 Soviet-trained Afghan troops had arrived in Kandahar .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('This was by September .','A new Reinforced Motorized Rifle Brigade with an additional 300 combat vehicles , 1,000 more trucks and 10,000 Soviet-trained Afghan troops had arrived in Kandahar .')

Input: But this is not the entire Afghan army , and it is no longer Kabul 's only military force .
Prediction: CO/LIST('But this is not the entire Afghan army .','But it is no longer Kabul 's only military force .')

Input: And thousands of Afghan children have been taken to the Soviet Union , where they are hostage for the behavior of their families .
Prediction: SUB/SPATIAL('And thousands of Afghan children have been taken to the Soviet Union .','They are hostage for the behavior of their families .')

Input: The deal fell through , and Kandahar remains a major regime base .
Prediction: CO/LIST('The deal fell through .','Kandahar remains a major regime base .')

Input: The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps , mine detectors , or even winter gloves .
Prediction: CO/DISJUNCTION('The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps .','The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as mine detectors .','The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as even winter gloves .')

Input: The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms .','Democratic reforms may lead to membership in the European Community .')

Input: Westinghouse 's earnings could be materially enhanced in the mid-1990s or sooner , says Russell L. Leavitt , of Salomon Brothers Inc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many of the buildings , mostly condominiums and apartments , were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The buildings were mostly condominiums and apartments .','Many of the buildings were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines .')

Input: We would have to go outside to banks to get the money and I am not ready to do that , he said .
Prediction: CO/LIST('We would have to go outside to banks to get the money .','I am not ready to do that , he said .')

Input: The company , based in San Francisco , provides industrial infrastructure engineering and construction services .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The company provides industrial infrastructure engineering and construction services .','The company is based in San Francisco .')

Input: Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same , but is believed to have a color model under development .
Prediction: CO/CONTRAST('Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same .','Next is believed to have a color model under development .')

Input: Including Monday 's plunge , that has given the two executives paper losses of $ 49.5 million , based on what they would have realized had the pilots and management-led buy-out of UAL gone through at $ 300 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .
Prediction: SUB/ELABORATION('The net interest margin - the difference between the bank 's cost of funds and -- improved in the quarter , as did certain areas of wholesale banking .','It receives as interest payments the bank 's cost of funds and .')

