Input: But while the New York Stock Exchange did n't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks ." , " Some circuit breakerers installed before the October 1986 crash failed Their first test )

Input: The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure ." , " The 49 Stock specialist firm on theBig Board floor-the sellers of last resorts who were noted after the 1986 crash --once again could n't handle this selling pressure . )

Input: Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL , AMR , BankAmerica , Walt Disney , Capital Cities\/ABC , Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL -- stopped trading ." , " Seven Big Budget stocks -- UnitedAL -- never resumed ." , , " Seven Big Board stock -- AMR -- stopped Trading .",'Seven Big- Board stocks-AMR-never resumed , " , " Eight Big Board shares -- BankAmerica -- stopped reporting ." , " Seven Big Big Boardstocks -- BankAmerican -- Never resumed ." )

Input: Many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many money managers had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet ." , " some traders had already leave their offices Early Friday afternoon On a warm Autumn day -- while the stock economy was soquiet ." )

Input: Then in a lightning plunge , the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 190.58 - point , or 6.9 % , loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then in a lightning plunge , the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 190.58-point , loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume ." , " Then in in a Lightning plunge , The Dow Jones Industrials In barely anhour surrendered about half of their gain this year , chalking Up a 6.9 % , loss in the day to gargantua trading volume ..." )

Input: In percentage terms , however , the Dow 's dive was the 12th - worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83 , or 8 % , a week after Black Monday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In percentage terms , however , the Dow 's dive was the 12th-worst ever since the market fell 156.83 , or 8 % , a week after Black Monday ." , " In percentages terms , However , the Bow 's diving was the sharpest since the world fell 156.83 , a year after Black week .",'In percentage term , however , the Dow ... s dive ranked the sharphest since the stock fell 8 % ) a week After Black Monday , " )

Input: Shares of UAL , the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy - out of the airline by an employee - management group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of UAL , the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group ." , " Shares of UnitedAL , The parent ofUnited Airlines , reported extremely active every day Friday , reacting to rumors about the alleged $ 6.79 billion buying-outof the airline By an employee -management group . )

Input: Wall Street 's takeover - stock speculators , or risk arbitragers , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wall Street 's takeover-stock speculators , or risk arbitragers , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed ." , " Wall Street ... s takeover.-stock speculator , or threat arbitrainers , hadplaced unusually large bet that UAL stock would rise ." )

Input: And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group could n't get financing for its bid .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock ." , " they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had ." )

Input: For example , their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2 , Delta Air Lines , which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4 , and Philips Industries , which sank 3 to 21 1\/2 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For example , their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2 ." , " For instance , their sell caused trading Halts to being declared in Delta Air Lines , which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4.",'For illustration , their sold caused tradinghalts to Be declared in Philips Industries , which sank 3 to 21 1\/ 2 ." )

Input: But as panic spread , speculators began to sell blue - chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But as panic spread , speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris to offset their losses ." , " But as Panic spread , speculativeulators begun to sellblue-chip stock such as International Business Machines to offset theirs losses ." )

Input: Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under agreement signed by the Big Board , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago ." , " Under an agreement signed By the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading were temporarily halted In Chicago ." )

Input: After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board , and specialists continued to notch prices down .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board ." , " After the Trading halt in that S&PP 500 pit In Chicago , specialists continued to notch prices down ." )

Input: As a result , the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures and stock markets , and has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures markets , and has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings ." )

Input: -LRB- In a stock - index arbitrage sell program , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference . -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- In a stock-index arbitrage sell program , traders buy big baskets of stocks to lock in a price difference . -RRB- " , " -LRRB- In that stock-Index arbitrage selling program , retailers buy bigger baskets of stock to offset the trade in futures to lockin a price point .-rB- " )

Input: But stocks kept falling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped things ." , " I just thought it 'S nonproductive At this pointto get into into a Debate if index Arbitrage would ve hurt things ." )

Input: Under another post - crash system , Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter - exchange hot line to the other exchanges , the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under another post-crash system , Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter-exchange hot line to the other exchanges , the Securities Commission ." , " Under another Post-crashing system , Little Board PresidentRichard Grasso & LRB.- Mr. Phelan were flying to Thailand as the Market was falling --RRB-was talking On an inter -exchange Hot line to each other exchanges : the Federal Reserve Board ." )

Input: He camped out at a high - tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board , where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He camped out at a high-tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board , where he could watch updates on prices ." , " He camping out at the high-technology nerve centers on the ground of theBig Board , which he could watched updates on pending stock orders ." )

Input: At about 3:30 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading , and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:30 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading , ." , " for a brief time the futures markets started to come back in line ." )

Input: But the build - up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market , and the link with stocks began to fray again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the build-up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market ." , " But the link with stocks began to fray again ." )

Input: At about 3:45 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down , and trading was locked again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:45 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down ." , " But trading was locked again ." )

Input: The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 and that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 ." , " The release warned that There are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market ." )

Input: And I think a lot of people will harp on program trading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there were no buyers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At those levels , stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall , and simultaneously sell off stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Those levels , stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall ." , " At those levels , stock are setup to be slammed by index Arbitragers , who simultaneously sell off stocks ." )

Input: But nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But nobody knows at what level the futures will open today ." , " But nobody know at which level the stocks will open Today ." )

Input: The de - linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But specialists complain privately that just as in the 1987 crash , the upstairs firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday 's blood - letting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Phelan said , It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying and selling Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Phelan said , It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying Friday ." , " Mr. Pulan said he will take Another day orTwo to analyze Who was selling Friday ." )

Input: Concerning your Sept. 21 page - one article on Prince Charles and the leeches : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Concerning your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom ." , " Concerning Your Sept. 22 page-One article on the leeches : It ... s a couple hundred years Since England has be a kingdom . )

Input: It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , comprising Wales , Northern Ireland , Scotland , and ... oh yes , England , too .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain , comprising Wales , Northern Ireland , too ." , " It're now theUnited Kingdom of great Britain , comprises Scotland , too ..." , " That 's Now the United United Kingdom Of Great Britain ... oh yes , England , too , " , " There 's also the United States of Great Ireland , comprises Wales , too , , " Here 's then the United Kingdoms of Great India , comprising Northern Ireland ... too ." )

Input: The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt and other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air - charter operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt resulting from the currently suspended air-charter operations ." , " The company declined to say a portion from the sold will be spent to repay other obligations resulting from this currently suspended Air-charters operations ." )

Input: A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real - estate and shopping - center holdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real-estate holdings ." , " A consortium Of private investors Operating as LjH Funding CO . said they has made $ 409 billion cash bidfor most ofL.J. Hooker Ltd. 'S shopping-center holdings ." )

Input: The group is led by Jay Shidler , chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu , and A. Boyd Simpson , chief executive of the Atlanta - based Simpson Organization Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The group is led by Jay Schidler , chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu , ." , " The group includes A. Boyd Simpson , chief officer of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc." )

Input: Mr. Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real - estate investment and claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real-estate investment ; Mr. Simpson is a developer of L.J. Hooker ." , " Mr. Schidler ... s company specializing in commercial Real-estate Investment ; Mr. Simpson are a former senior executive of L.J.hooker ." )

Input: The assets are good , but they require more money and management than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Mr. Simpson in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The assets are good , but they require more money than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Mr. Simpson in an interview ." , " The assets Are good , But they require less management than can been provided inL.J. Hooker ... s current position , saidMr . Simpson In an interview . )

Input: Hooker 's philosophy was to build and sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hooker 's philosophy was to build ." , " HookER 's Philosophy was to sell ." )

Input: We want to build and hold .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We want to build ." , " We want to hold ." )

Input: Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid ." , " Sanford Sigroloff , main executive ofL.J. Hooker ) said yesterday that he would review it ." )

Input: Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller or B. Altman & Co. , L.J. Hooker 's department - store chains .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller , L.J. Hooker 's department-store chains ." , " Not Included in the bidding are B. Altman & Co. , L.J.hooker ' 's department- store chains ." )

Input: The offer covers the massive 1.8 million - square - foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati , the 800,000 square - foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C. , and the 700,000 square - foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati , the 800,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C. , ." , " The offer includes the 700,000 Square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo." )

Input: Other Hooker properties included are a 20 - story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real - estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real-estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers ." , " Other HookER properties included include are a 19-storyoffice tower in Midtown Atlanta , expected to been completed next Feb ; vacant property sites in Ohio ; L.J. Her International , the commercialReal-estate broker company thatOnce did business As Merrill Lynch commercial Real Estate , plus other Shopping centers ." )

Input: We do n't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett , in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We do n't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers at Hoare Govett , in an interview ." , " We do n't anticipate Any problems in raise the funding of the bid ) said AllanCamp , the Head of acquisitions at HoARE GoveTT , inan interview ." )

Input: Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious , but ill - fated , $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. , as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers , a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc. , the Houston - based retailer , and Parisian Inc. , the Southeast department - store chain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious , $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller , and B. Altman & Co. , as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers , a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc. , the Houston-based retailer , ." , " Mr. Herscu concluded to launch An ambitious , but ill-fated , $ 2 billion acquisition spree that includedBonwit Tell , and b. Altmann & Co. , as wells as majority seats in Parisian Inc .. , the Southeast department-store chain ." )

Input: Eventually Mr. Simpson and Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company , and Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eventually Mr. Simpson had a falling out over the direction of the company ." , " Eventually Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988 ." )

Input: Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management ." , " Since then , Hooker Inc. is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain ." )

Input: These are n't mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , said Mr. Shidler .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These are n't mature assets , said Mr. Shidler ." , " they have the potential to be so , saidMr . Shridler ." )

Input: Managed properly , and with a long - term outlook , these can become investment - grade quality properties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Managed properly , these can become investment-grade quality properties ." , " with a long-term outlook , these could become investment.-gradequality properties ." )

Input: The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52 - week bills and redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills ." , " The Treasury intends to raise more $ 175 billion in new Cash Thursday by redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills ." )

Input: The bills will be dated Oct. 26 and will mature Oct. 25 , 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bills will be dated Oct. 26 ." , " The bills will mature Oct. 25 , 1990 ." )

Input: Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks ." , " Bids should be received By 1 p.m. EST Thursday at Treasury or on Federal Reserve branches ." )

Input: And many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And many fund managers have built up cash levels ." , " And many Fund managers say they will be buying stock this week ." )

Input: At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply , but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply ." , " it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 ." )

Input: Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend and a lot of fear around , said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity - Income Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend , said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity-Income Fund ." , " Two years earlier there were a lot of fear around , said c. BruceJohnstone , which runs F Investments '' $ 6 billion Equity -Income fund ." )

Input: But fund managers say they 're ready .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Windsor Fund 's John Neff and Mutual Series'Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 % , respectively , this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Windsor Fund 's John Neff said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % , respectively , this year ." , " Windsor fund'sJohn Neff described they had raise their cash level to morethan 30 % , alike , this years .",'Mutual Series'Michael Price said they were raised their Cash levels to More than 20%- , respectively , this year- " , " Mutual series'Michael price said they raised theirCash levels to 30 % ) respectively , This year ." )

Input: Even Peter Lynch , manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 7 % or $ 850 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even Peter Lynch , manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 7 % or $ 850 million ." )

Input: One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August ." , " One reason of months net redinfections , The fund posted Net inflowsof money from Investors in September ." )

Input: That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August and September of 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August of 1987 ." , " That was substantially higherthan the 8.8 % or 9 . 2 % levels In September of 1987 , " )

Input: But a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stock - fund sales have rebounded in recent months , but monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months ." , " monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels ." )

Input: Vincent Bajakian , manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol - Myers Squibb , Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vincent Bajakian , manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb Friday ." , " Vincent Bujakians , managerof the $ 2.8 million Wellington Fund ) added toHis positions in Woolworth Friday ." )

Input: And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly , Pfizer and American Home Products whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines ." , " And todayhe 'll Be looking to buying drug stocks Like Pfizer whose dividend yield have been reinforced by stockdowns .",'And today his 'll been looking to bought drug stocksLike American Home Products whose dividend returns have been boosted by stock collapses ." )

Input: If the market drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol - Myers and Kellogg .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the market drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers ." , " Should the market Drops further today ) he said his 'll been buying blue chip such as Kellogg ." )

Input: But most investors were seeking share prices and other information .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But most investor were seeking share prices ." , " But most investors were seeking other information ." )

Input: They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines and other snags that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987 ." , " They hope To avoid the other snags that exasperated some Fund investors inOctober 1987 ." )

Input: But most investors seemed to be in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode , said Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Vanguard , among other groups , said it was adding more phone representatives today to help investors get through .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year 's fat profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some early sell is likely to stem from investors who want to lock in this year 's fat profits ." , " Some early selling is likely will stem from portfolio managers who wants to lockin this year " s fat profit ." )

Input: Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and some panic selling .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors ." , " Elaine GarzARElli , which runs She Carson LehmanHutton Inc. 's Nov 335 million sector AnalysisPortfolio , predicted the market would open down At least 50 point on some panic selling ." )

Input: But she expects prices to rebound soon and is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But she expects prices to rebound soon ." , " But she is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs ." )

Input: Half of them are really scared and want to sell , she said , but I 'm trying to talk them out of it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Half of them are really scared ." , " half of them want to sell ." )

Input: Two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued , they say .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak : interest rates were rising , they say ." , " Two years earlier , unlikeToday , the market was very overvalued , they says ." )

Input: From the investors'standpoint , institutions and individuals learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" From the investor'standpoint , institutions learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth Fund ." , " From the investors'standpoint ... by sold at the lowest on BlackMonday , said Steve Boesels , managerof the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Income Fund ." )

Input: Newport Corp. said it expects to report fiscal - first - quarter earnings of between 15 cents and 19 cents a share , somewhat below analysts'estimates of 19 cents to 23 cents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The maker of scientific instruments said orders fell below expectations in recent months ." , " The maker maker of laser parts said orders fall below expectation in recent times ." )

Input: A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million , or 21 cents a share , on $ 14.1 million in sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million , or 21 cents a share , on $ 14.1 million in sales ." , " A spokesman adding that sales during the currentquarter will aboutequal the yeAREarlierquarter 's figures , when Norton reported net Income of $ 2.7 billion , or 22 cents a stock , on a 14.2 million in Sales ." )

Input: Peter Otradovec , vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Peter Otradovec , vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling ." , " Peter OTradovek , vice director for planning in the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier ) said inan interview that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines ." )

Input: Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three nonstops to Phoenix ." , " Mr. Otradivec said aerospace told AmericaWest that the 657 it is supposed toget this Thursday willn't been delivered until November . 7-the day before the airline still planning to initiating service atHouston with fourdaily flights , Including one nonstop to Las Vegas ." )

Input: At this point , no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas ; Newark , N.J. ; and Palmdale , Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At this point , no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries ." , " At thispoint , noOther America West flight -- including operating service at Newark , N.J. -- have be affected by this delays in aerospace deliveries ." )

Input: I just do n't feel that the company can really stand or would want a prolonged walkout , Tom Baker , president of Machinists'District 751 , said in an interview yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just do n't feel that the company can really stand , Tom Baker , president of Machinists'District 751 , said in an interview yesterday ." , " I just would want a prolonged walkout , Tomaker , president Of Machinist'District 851 , described in an interviews yesterday ." )

Input: America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" America West , though , is a smaller airline than many of its competitors would be ." , " America West , however , , is therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many among its competitors Would be ." )

Input: I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , Mr. Otradovec said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I figure that American probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , Mr. Otradovec said ." , " I figure That United probably have so a hard Time counting all of the planes In their fleets ) they might Not miss one At all , Mr. OTradoveC said ." )

Input: Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737 - 300 set for delivery at the end of this month and expects to have the plane on time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery at the end of this month ." , " Southwest Airlines expects to have the plane on time ." )

Input: American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December and 20 more next year and is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December ." , " American is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable ." )

Input: In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers ." , " In Seattle , a Boeing spokeswoman explained that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike ." )

Input: Meanwhile , supervisors and non - striking employees have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , supervisors have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout ." , " Meanwhile , supervisor have been Trying toFinish some 40 planes -- mostly 767 jumbo jet at the department'sverett , Wash. , plant ... that were only but completed Before the walkouts .",'Meanwhile , non-striking employees have been working to finish Some 40 aircraft-mostly 747 at the firm 's Tacoma , Wash.- , plant-that wereAll but completed while the walk out ." , , " Meanwhile , non -striking employee have been tried to finishSome 40 aircraft ... mostly 757 jumbo pistols at the corporation 's Seattle , Wash , , plant-- that were almost but completed previously the walkOUT ." )

Input: As of Friday , four had been delivered and a fifth plane , a 747 - 400 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As of Friday , four had been delivered ." , " As of Thursday , a fifth plane , a 747-400 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China ." )

Input: The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term and that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term , said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc." , " The market had taken twoviews : that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , more analyst atyrus J.Lawel Inc." )

Input: But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company may resume negotiations as early as this week ." , " But Mr. Baker said his thinks the early a pact would be struck will be the ending of this months , hintting that the union may resume proceedings as early As this week , " )

Input: But Mr. Baker called the letter -- and the company 's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact , plus bonuses -- very weak .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mr. Baker called the letter -- very weak ." , " ButMr . Baker said the company 's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact , plus bonuses -- very strong ." )

Input: He added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve and the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve ." , " He added That the company underestimated the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime ." )

Input: In separate developments : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp. and the Calabasas , Calif. , aerospace company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday ." , " that has been pushed back indefinitely ." )

Input: -- And Boeing on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 767 - 300 wide - body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 326 million .
Prediction:   -- And Boeing on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 767-300 wide-body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 326 million ." )

Input: A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike ." )

Input: Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- , in Great Britain and elsewhere .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- , in Great Britain ." , " Atco Limited . said their utilities arm has considering building New electric power plant , some value at more Than one billionCanadian dollars -SRB-US$ 861 million -&RRB & , elsewhere ." )

Input: C.S. Richardson , Atco 's senior vice president , finance , said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , and conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private - sector suppliers as part of its privatization program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" C.S. Richardson , Atco 's senior vice president , finance , said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , including Britain , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program ." , " C.S. Richards , AtCO 's Senior vice president , finance ) said its 51.1.-owned Canadian utilities Ltd. subsidiary is reviewing conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including London , where The British government intends to allow Limited competition in electric generation fromPrivate-sector supplier as partof its privatization campaign ." )

Input: But we would n't go into them alone , and Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But we would n't go into them alone , he said ." , " But Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small , he added ." )

Input: Ideally , we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- and a modest equity investor .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ideally , we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- ." , " Ideally , our ' dLike to be a modest equity investor ." )

Input: Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project , but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project ." , " he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water utilities .",'he said It would compete against customers with Two huge British Power generating companies That would be produced under the year 's planned to privatizing its massive electric utilities ." )

Input: Britain 's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities , beginning next month .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Britain 's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water utilities , beginning next month ." , " Britain'sgovernment plans to raising about # 20 billion -lRB-$ 31.25 billion -&RRB -RRH- from a sale of some of its Giant electric utilities , starting next month , " )

Input: Under terms of the plan , independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994 , and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under terms of the plan , independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994 ." , " Under termsof the plan ) independent generators were able to contend for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998 ." )

Input: Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion , mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 800,000 customers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion , mainly from its natural gas utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 800,000 customers ." , " Canadian Utility had 1988 Revenue of C $ 1 . 16 billion , primarily from its electric utility businesses In Alberta , which the company serving about 800,000 customers . )

Input: There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity , Mr. Richardson said , and Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity ." , " Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it ." )

Input: We 're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England , said Bruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy and corporate planning , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer and pipeline operator .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England , said Bruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer operator ." , " We 've certainly looking about some power producing projects inEngland , saidBruce Stram , vice president -- corporate strategy -- with EnRON Corp. , Houston , the big natural Gas pipeline operator ." )

Input: PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 2.7 million ." , " PSE INC . said It expects to Report third earnings at 14 cents to 18 cents a share ." )

Input: In the year - ago quarter , the designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , on revenue of about $ 41.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-ago quarter , the designer of cogeneration plants had net income of $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , on revenue of about $ 41.4 million ." , " In theyear-agoquarter , The designer of waste heat recovery plants had Net income of cash 326,500 , or two cents a stock , on Revenue of about$ 41 . 4 million ." )

Input: CONCORDE trans - Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris and $ 3,200 to London .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CORCORDE trans-Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris ." , " COR CORDE trans.-Atlantic flights $ 3,200 to London ." )

Input: The well flowed at a rate of 2.016 million cubic feet of gas a day through a 16 64 - inch opening at depths between 5,782 and 5,824 feet .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50 - 50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. , a unit of Heitman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50-50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. , a unit of HeITman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory company with offices in Chicago ." , " The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development venture Limited Partnership ) is a50-50 Joint venture with an trust established by institutional customers of Heitalman Advisory Dec. , A unit of Sheitman Financial Co. , the real estate consulting company with headquarters in Beverly Hills , Calif.",'The partnership ) Kaufman & broad Land Developmentventure Limited Partnership , is a 49-50 venture venture with another trust created in institutional clients Of Heitmann Advisory Corp. , a units of Heinchman Financial C. , an real estate management company with locations in Chicago , " , " The partnership , Garcia & BroadLand Development Venture limited Partnership , was a 50 of50 joint Venture with a Trust created byitutional clients of heitman advisory Corp. ; a unit Of Heinchmann Financial Corp. ) a realestate management company that offices in Beverly Hill , Calif , " )

Input: The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development , and part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning required for development ." , " part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals ." )

Input: The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development , but in return , it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices , which can result in sizable savings , said Bruce Karatz , president and chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development , which can result in sizable savings , said Bruce Karatz , president of Kaufman & Broad ." , " The partnership run the risk of development , that can result into sizable savings , said BruceKaratz , chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad ." )

Input: Typically , developers option property , and then once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , said Mr. Karatz , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Typically , developers option property , said Mr. Karatz , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind ." , " typically , once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , saidMr . Karatz , added that he believed the joint Venture is the second of its type ." )

Input: The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital , although it is responsible for providing management , planning and processing services to the joint venture .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital , although it is responsible for providing management services to the joint venture ." , " The company has putting up Only 10 % to the capital ) although it are responsible for provided planning services tothe joint venture , " , " The company is put up only10 % of The capital , Although it is responsibility for providing processing services to this joint venture ..." )

Input: But now prices have nose - dived and Quantum 's profit is plummeting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But now prices have nose-dived ." , " But now Quantum 's profit is plummeting ." )

Input: Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break - even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year - earlier profit of $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million ." )

Input: And the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company exited the wine and spirits business and plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company exited the wine business after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 ." , " Once knownas National Distillingers & chemical Corp. ) the company plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. StookeY took the Chief executive ' 's job in 1987 ." )

Input: Mr. Stookey , 59 years old , declined to be interviewed for this article , but he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Stookey , 59 years old , declined to be interviewed for this article ." , " he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction ." )

Input: Quantum 's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin , used to make garbage bags , milk jugs , housewares , toys and meat packaging , among other items .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Quantum 's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin , used to make garbage bags , among other items ." , " Quantum 'S lot is generally tied to Polyethylene res , used for making milk jugs , amongOther items ." )

Input: But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. -- have much broader business interests ." , " But its opponents -- including Du Chemical Co. -- so are better cushioned against price swings .",'But its competition -- including Union Carbide Corp. -- has much broaderbusiness interests ." )

Input: Benchmark grades , which still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring , have skidded to between 35 cents and 40 cents .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world , other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world , other buyers then bet that prices had peaked ." , " Calculated that excess Polyethylene will soon be Sloshing throughout the world ) Other buyers then began to draw down inventories rather than order new product ." )

Input: No one knows , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No one knew , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers start to haggle ." , " No one knows , however , whether the New posted prices Will stick once customers started to haggerle ." )

Input: One doubter is George Krug , a chemical - industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. and a bear on plastics stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" one doubter is George Krug , a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co .." , " One doubter of George Krug is George Kruk , a bear on plastics stocks ." )

Input: But others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual straight - from - the - shoulder performance .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two workers died and six remain in the hospital .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two workers died ." , " six remain in the hospital ." )

Input: Until this year , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate and picking up trade - group safety awards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until this year , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate ." , " Until thisyear , the firm had been picking up trade-group safety awards ." )

Input: When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit and thus claims under business - interruption insurance is straightforward .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit , thus claims under business-interruption insurance is straightforward ." , " When a Plant has just be running flatout to meet Demand , calculating failed profit , according to business-Interruption insurance was straightforward ." )

Input: But the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You say you could have sold X percent of this product and Y percent of that , recalls Theodore Semegran , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You say you could have sold X percent of this product , recalls Theodore Semegran , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer ." , " You say You could have Y percent of that , recallsodore Semeggran , an officer at She Carson LehmanHutton who did through this Exercise during his previous career as the chemical engineer ..." )

Input: And then you still have to negotiate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production and 50 % of its ethylene production .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production ." , " The plant generally accounts for 50 % of its ethylene production ." )

Input: Asked about a bid for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors , and I think that falls in that category .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked about a bid for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors ." , " Asked about Quantum , A BP spokesman Says , I think that falls in that category ." )

Input: A spokesman for the New York - based food and tobacco giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy - out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , and dismissing its 14 employees , in a move to save money .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the New York-based food giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , in a move to save money ." , " A spokesman of the New New York -based food Giant , takenPrivate earlier this years in a Nov 25 billion Leveraged buyout by KlbergKravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that It is dismissing its 14 employees , in this move to saving money ." )

Input: The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network - buying plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB\/Leber Katz and McCann Erickson .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network-buying plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB\/Leber Katz ." , " The spokesman described RJR as discussing its Network-Buying plans With its two major advertising firms : McCann Erickson ." )

Input: The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 , and the move wo n't affect RJR 's print , radio and spot - television buying practices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 ." , " The spokesman added the move wo n't affect RJR 's print buying practices ." )

Input: The U.S. , which is finalizing its steel - import quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The U.S. , which is finalizing its steel-import quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries ." , " The U.S. ) which is completing its steel ofimport quotas ) is allocation a larger portion of itssteel market to newly industrialized countries which has relatively unsubidizedsteel industries ." )

Input: Meanwhile , the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota , and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile , the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota ." , " Meanwhile , Japan has made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community ." )

Input: Brazil , similar to Mexico and South Korea , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five - year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil , similar to Mexico , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 30 ." , " Brazil , Similar to South Korea , isexpected to negotiatea somewhat bigger portion of theU.S. market than It had underthe previous five year steel quotas ) which expired September.30 ." )

Input: Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1 , 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1 , 1990 ." , " Venezuela are the Only two countries who have n ' completed steel discussions with theU.S. for theyear ending Oct. 1 , 1989 ." )

Input: Other countries that do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S. , such as Taiwan , Sweden and Argentina , also have supplied steel .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other countries that do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S. , such as Taiwan , also have supplied steel ." , " Other countries who do nt have formalsteel quotas with Japan , rather as Sweden , also has supplied steel . , " Another countries that does n't has formal steel quota with theU.S. , such As Argentina , also want supplied steel ..." )

Input: It also said it would use that two - and - a - half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade , which has been notoriously managed , subsidized and protected by governments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also said it would use that two-and-a-half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade , which has been notoriously managed by governments ." , " It also added it woulduse that two ofand-A-halfyear period to Work toward an International consensus on liberating up the International steel trade , which has be notoriously subsidized by governments , " , " It also said It would useThat two-year-a tohalf year piece to work towards an international agreement on freeingup the internationalsteel trade , that has been notorious protected by governments ..." )

Input: The EC and Japan -- the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The EC -- the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent ." , " Japan -- theU.S.'slargest steel suppliers ... have n ' been filling Their quotas to to the fullest extent ." )

Input: But its quota has been as high as 6.9 % in 1984 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan , the EC , Brazil , Mexico and South Korea provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japan provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program ." , " the EC provide about 70 % of that steel imported into the U.S. Under the quotas program ." )

Input: The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia and Venezuela .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australian exporters ." , " The balance of smaller outorters , however as Venezuela ." )

Input: That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program and 1 % from cutting Japan 's allowance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program ." , " That was 1 % from cutting Japan 's allowance ." )

Input: These optional 1%-a - year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel - quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel-quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies from their own steel industries ." , " These optional 2%-a to year increases to this steel quota PROGRAM are built in the Bush estate'ssteel-quot program to giving its negotiators lever with foreignsteel suppliers to trying to get they to withdraw protectionism from their particular steel industries , " )

Input: Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second - quarter earnings to trail 1988 results , but anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results ." , " ElcotEL Inc. anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half ." )

Input: Elcotel , a telecommunications company , had net income of $ 272,000 , or five cents a share , in its year - earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel , a telecommunications company , had net income of $ 272,000 , in its year-earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 30 ." , " ElcotEL , a Telecommunications company , , had Net income of five cents a share , in his year-ouncelier secondquarter , ended September.30 ." )

Input: George Pierce , chairman and chief executive officer , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" George Pierce , chairman , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million ." , " George Pierce , chief executive officer , said In an interview That earnings in this most recentquarter will be About two centsa share on Revenue of just below $ 2 million ." )

Input: Within the next year , Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines , made by Minolta in Japan , in hotels , municipal buildings , drugstores and other public settings around the country .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Within the next year , Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines , made by Minolta in Japan , in hotels , municipal buildings around the country ." , " Within the nextyear , Elotel expects will place 10,000 fax machine , made from Minoltas in Japan , in drugstores around the year .",'Within the subsequent year , Elcotel hopes to place10,000 phone machines , make by Minicha inJapan , in other public settings around the property ." )

Input: Elcotel will provide a credit - card reader for the machines to collect , store and forward billing data .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect billing data ." , " ElcotEL will provideA credit-Card reader for The machines to store billing data . , " Elcotel has provide a Credit-cardreader for the machine to forward billing data , " )

Input: Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating and handling credit - card calls and collect calls .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating credit-card calls ." , " ElcotEL has also develop an automatic Call processor that would make further Use of the Company 's System for collect calls ." )

Input: The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies , office lobbies , hospitality lounges and similar settings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies ." , " The company has also been producing a New line of convenient telephones , which do n't acceptcoins , for Use in office lobbies around similar settings ." )

Input: Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month ." , " Mr. Pierce noted that the convenience phones would produce About $ 5of recurring net earning for each Machine each month , " )

Input: Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August and was up 7.6 % for the year , the Central Statistical Office said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August , according to the Central Statistical Office said ." , " Britain 'S retail price Index was up 7.6 % for the year , the Central Statistics Office said ..." )

Input: The company said the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker and marketer of hospital products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker of hospital products ." , " The company described the plan byn't adopting in responseto any known offerings for Quest )

Input: The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person or group acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock or announces a tender offer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock ." , " The rights provide shareholders to purchased Quest stock At a discount unless any person announces a tender offer .",'The rights allows shareholders toPurchase Quest stockat a discount when any group acquires More than 15%- of the Company 's regular stock ." )

Input: While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders ." )

Input: But the product , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the product , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver ." , " But the products , which were n't otherwise concentrated as a new CheER , was dropped ." )

Input: P&G and others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches , but they have n't sold well , despite the convenience .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" P&G also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent combinations in pouches , but they have n't sold well , despite the convenience ." , " P&B also have try repeatedly to hooks consumers on fabric softener combinations in Pouches ) but they has n't sell well , Despite the convenience of the convenience . , " others also have failed repeatedly tohook consumers on deterrent combinations in couches : but they had n't selling well , Despite the convenience in the convenienceof the convenience Of the convenienceOf the convenience OF the convenienceOF the convenience :

Input: But P&G contends the new Cheer is a unique formula that also offers an ingredient that prevents colors from fading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And retailers are expected to embrace the product , in part because it will take up less shelf space .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with so many brands vying for space , that 's no longer the case .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S. , but so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. , a Cincinnati hand - lotion maker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S .." , " so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. , a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker ." )

Input: This is something P&G would do with or without Kao , says Mr. Zurkuhlen .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This is something P&G would do with Kao , says Mr. Zurkuhlen ." , " This is an P&B would do without Kao ) says Mr. Zurk Kuhlen ." )

Input: With economic tension between the U.S. and Japan worsening , many Japanese had feared last week 's visit from U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Instead , they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long - term view .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead , they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. to work together ." , " Instead , They got a Discussion of the importance of the long-term view ." )

Input: He said such results should be measurable in dollars and cents in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said such results should be measurable in dollars in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan ." , " He said Such results should Be measurable in cents in reduced the U.S. Trade deficit withJapan ." )

Input: But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring or summer , it is rather to have a blueprint for action .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring , it is rather to have a blueprint for action ." , " But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a Breakfast meeting of The American Chamber Of Commerce inJapan on Saturday , stressed that The objective isNot to get definite action by summer , it will rather to has a blueprint of action ." )

Input: She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we 're moving in earnest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people that we 're moving in earnest ." , " She added That she expected Perhaps to havea down payment -- some small Step to convincethe Japanese people that We'removing in earnest , " )

Input: American and Japanese officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills .
Prediction: COORDINATION("American officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher ." , " American officials offeredSeveral theories forthe difference in approached betwen Mrs. Hills .",'Japanese officials offered Several theories for The difference in attitude betwenMr . Mosabacher ." )

Input: But some saw it as a classic negotiating tactic .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And some said it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : I did n't hear every word he spoke , but as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : I did n't hear every word he spoke : I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration ." , " Asked to contrast her visit at Mr. Mosbacher.s , Mr. Hills responded : as a general proposition , I think We have avery consistent trade Strategy in theBush administration ." )

Input: I do n't feel either hard or soft .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't feel either hard ." , " I do N't feel Either soft ." )

Input: I feel committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I feel commitment to the program of opening markets ." , " I feel committed to the Program of expanding trade ." )

Input: When she met the local press for the first time on Friday , Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products , satellites and supercomputers , three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When she met the local press for the first time on Friday , Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products , three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill ." , " When shemet the local Press for the First time on Thursday , Mrs. Hills firmly reiter the need of progress in remove barriers to trading in satellites , three area targeted under The Super 301 provisions of the 1989 trade bill . , " While she met in Friday , she firmly reiterated her need for action in removing barrier to trade on supercomputers , three companies targeted under this Super 301 portion of the 1986 trade bill ..." )

Input: But her main thrust was to promote the importance of world - wide free trade and open competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But she main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade ." , " But her main thrust began to promote her importance of open competition ." )

Input: She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors ." , " She said The trade imbalance should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets ." )

Input: But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle ." , " But I are relieved to seeing that you were beautiful and a person of integrity ." )

Input: Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991 , but the Japanese have denied making any such promise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991 ." , " the Japanese have denied making any such promise ." )

Input: But she stressed , I am against managed trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 and is seeking new financing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 ." , " Traditional Industries Inc. said it is seeking new financing ." )

Input: The seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The seller of photographic products said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines ." , " The seller for photographic services said it has considering a series of financing options , including seek increases in Its credit lines ..." )

Input: Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss and would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss ." , " Traditional would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year ." )

Input: In the year ended June 30 , 1988 , Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million , or $ 1.21 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended June 30 , 1988 , Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million ." , " In the years ended June 29 , 1988 ) Traditional reported net Income of $ 1.21 a share ." )

Input: In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million , or $ 1.31 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million , or $ 1.31 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million ." )

Input: Separately , the company said it would file a delayed fiscal - year report with the Securities and Exchange Commission within approximately 45 days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Separately , the company said it would file a delayed fiscal-year report with the Securities Commission within approximately 45 days ." , " Separately , the company announced it would File a delayed Fiscal-year Report with the Exchange Commission Within approximately 45 minutes ." )

Input: A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties ." , " A spokesman of Information International declined to say the suit by two unit of Morris communications Corp. sought cancellation of a software license provided by The Morris unit to InformationInternational for alleged Failure to pay royalty ." )

Input: The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp. and Florida Publishing Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp .." , " The units That filed the suits are Florida Publishing Co." )

Input: A spokeswoman said Sulka operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokeswoman said Sulka operates a total of seven stores in the U.S .." , " A spokeswoman noted Sulka runs a totalof seven stores overseas ." )

Input: Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices ." , " Major oil company in the last few days will report much more robust earningsthan they didfor the thirdquarter a year earlier , largely reflects deteriorating gasoline profitability ." )

Input: The gasoline picture may improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year - earlier performance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The gasoline picture may improve this quarter , industry executives say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance ." , " The gasoline Picture may improve next quarter , Industry analysts say , reduced chances that profit could equal Their year-ouncelier performance . , " chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry officials say , reduce chances that they could equal theirs year-overlier performance ? " , " chemical are likely will remain weak ) industry analysts say , reducing chances That profits couldequal their year ofearlierperformance ." )

Input: The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals , Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume , Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview ." , " The industry has seeing a softerening certainly in price in petrochemicals , Glenn C Cox , director of Phillips petroleum Co. ) said inan interview ." )

Input: That change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That change will obviously impact third quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added ." , " That change Will obviously impact fourth quarter earnings For the industry In general , they added ." )

Input: But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard - hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third - quarter earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices ." , " But securities executives say Phillips probably post a drop in third-quarter earnings ." )

Input: So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. take over ." , " So , enough , many observers predict , would Chevron Corp .." )

Input: Beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy spurred demand ." , " Beginning in Mid- 1987 , prices begun accelerating as the weak dollar spurred demand ? " )

Input: Now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger , and domestic economic growth is slower .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger ." , " Now , domestic economic growth is slower ." )

Input: Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year , said William Randol , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year , said William Randol , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp." , " Refining margins were generally not very good this year , more William Randrol , a securities analyst At First Boston Ltd." )

Input: Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that did n't materialize .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July that did n't materialize ." , " Oil company Refineries ranflat out to prepared for a vigorous holiday drivingseason in August that did n't materialized ." )

Input: Refiners say margins picked up in September , and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Refiners say margins picked up in September ." , " many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter ." )

Input: During the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline profits ." , " During the 1987 second half ) Many companies postedrecord chemical profits ." )

Input: Demand has been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Demand has been much stronger than anticipated ." , " it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter ." )

Input: Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last summer was notable for a heat wave that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use ." , " Last summer is notable for an drought that caused Utilities to burn enough natural gas for feed increased electricity demand from Air conditioning use . )

Input: Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export - control policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. align their export-control policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 ." , " Most of The Western European member of Coordinated Committee onMultilateral Export controls , the official forum through Which the U.-S.align their export -control policies ) are expected will argue for More liberal export Rules at a meet to beheld in Paris October . 26.",'Most ofthe WesternEuropean members ofcoordinating Committee On Multilateral export Controls , which the its allies align their exported-control policy , areexpected to argueFor more liberal Export rules at the meeting to being held inParis Oct. 24 ." , , " Most of theWestern European members in Coordinating committee on Multilingual Export Controls ) the unofficial Forum through which its alliesalign their exported -control policy ) areexpected will argue For more liberal exported rules at this meeting to Be held in France Oct.26 ." )

Input: They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools , computers and other high - technology products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They expect to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools ." , " They plan to press directly for a relax of rules relating exports of computers .",'They plan will press specifically to a relaxationof rules governing export of other high-technology products ." )

Input: But the Bush administration says it wants to see evidence that all Cocom members are complying fully with existing export - control procedures before it will support further liberalization .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom , but declined to confirm any details .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government ." , " A State department spokesman declined to confirm any details ." )

Input: Although the legality of these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export - control hawks in the Pentagon and the intelligence community .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although the legality of these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon ." , " Although the validity of these Sales is stillan open question ) the disclosure Could n't been better timed than to support this position of exports-control hawkks inthe intelligence community ." )

Input: But more recently , the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But more recently , the Pentagon openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc ." , " But more significantly , the Commerce Department openly fe disagreed over the amount to which Celom should Liberalize exportsof personal computers To the bloc , " )

Input: The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each ." , " They are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 % ." )

Input: Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares , or options to purchase shares , to cover its entire position .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares , or options to purchase shares , to cover its entire position ." , " Salomon has cover the warrant by buying enough shares , but options to purchased shares , to cover its whole position ." )

Input: Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high - yield , high - risk junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield , high-risk junk bonds ." , " Financial Corp. ofSanta Barbara filed suits against Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging them defrauding the thrifted by concealed their relationship while persuading It to buy more 284 million from high-Yield , large-risk Junk bonds ." )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million ." , " financial Corp. purchase the bonds , the suit asserted , after Drexel negotiated an Agreement for Vagabalond Hoteling to purchase an 51 % share in the Thrift for About $ 34 billion ." )

Input: Officials at Drexel said they had n't seen the suit and thus could n't comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Officials at Drexel said they had n't seen the suit ." , " Officials at Brexel stated they thus could n't comment ." )

Input: Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels ." , " Also named in this suit is Northview Corp. , " )

Input: Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 and said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 ." , " Financial Corp. said It agreed to buying the bonds because a representativeof Ivan F. Boesk Corp. later said Financial Corp.- could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds ." )

Input: Shortly before the visit , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shortly before the visit , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials ." , " Soon before the visits , Mr. Boesk and Dxel representive had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company ." )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 and since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 , the company said ." , " financial Corp. since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them , the man said ." )

Input: HOFI , the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. and its 60 % stake in Dundee Cement Co. with its 67 % stake in Ideal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HOFI , the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. with its 67 % stake In Ideal ." , " HOFI , The North American hold company of Switzerland concern HolderBank Financier Glaris Limited . , Previously proposed combining the 60 % stake of Dundee Cement Co. with his 67 % stakes in Ideal ." )

Input: But HOFI 's first offer would have given Ideal 's other shareholders about 10 % of the combined company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement and approval by Ideal shareholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement by Ideal shareholders ." , " The transaction may subject to approval by Ideal shareholder ." )

Input: While corn and soybean prices have slumped well below their drought - induced peaks of 1988 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While corn prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high ." , " While soybean prices have plummeted well below the drought- induced peaks of 1986 , wheat Prices remain stubbornably high ." )

Input: And they 're likely to stay that way for months to come , analysts say .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if rain does n't fall soon across many of the Great Plains'wheat - growing areas , yields in the crop now being planted could be reduced , further squeezing supplies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In response to dwindling domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In response to dwindling domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year ." , " In responseto dwindling domestic supply , Agriculture secretary Clayton Yeush last month last month added the U.S. Government would slightly increasing the number for acres farmers could still qualify for federal support payments ." )

Input: It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought - stunted 1.81 billion in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion in 1988 ." , " It now estimated production for this year At just under2.6 million bushelsts , compared With a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1986 ." )

Input: But the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted wo n't be felt until the second half of next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The exchange said it feared that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The exchange said it feared that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver ." , " The exchange added it feared members would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings ." )

Input: Unseasonably hot , dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat - growing areas in Washington and Oregon is threatening to reduce the yield from this season 's winter wheat crop , said Conrad Leslie , a futures analyst and head of Leslie Analytical in Chicago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unseasonably hot , dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat-growing areas in Washington is threatening to reduce the yield from this season 's winter wheat crop , said Conrad Leslie , a futures analyst of Leslie Analytical in Chicago ." , " Unseasonably warm , dry condition across large portion of theGreat Plains and elsewhere in wheat -growing areas elsewhere in Washington was threatening to reducing the yield of this season ... s winter Wheat crop , more Conrad Leslie , head of LeslieAnalytical inChicago .",'Unseasonable hot , cool weather across Large portions of The Great Plains or in wheat ofgrowing areas throughout Oregon is threatening a reduce the yields from thisseason 's Winter wheat crop ) said ConradLes , a future analyst ofLes Analytical In Chicago ." )

Input: For example , in the Oklahoma panhandle , 40 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans , but many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans ." , " many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices ." )

Input: Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long the price decline that began Friday will go ." , " Orange juice Traders may be watching by see how far the price plunge that began Thursday will go ..." )

Input: However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out ." , " However , Asexpected , Brazil then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 2.55 ." )

Input: Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had and sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thursday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had ." , " Friday 's inadvertent selling by futures contracts sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time ." )

Input: It 's a dollar - priced product , and the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , the analyst said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It 's a dollar-priced product , the analyst said ." , " the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , the officer said ." )

Input: Barring a cold snap or other crop problems in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Barring a cold snap in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said ." , " Barring this cold snap , downward Pressure on prices will continue into Jan , when processing of oranges In Florida reach Their peak , The analyst said . , " Barring other crop problems in thegrowing areas , upward pressure on Prices is Likely to continue until January , When harvesting of apples in Florida reached their peak , the analyst added .",'Barring other crops problems inthe growing areas ) downward pressure in prices is Likely will continue until Jan , When processing of apples In Florida reached Their peak ) the analyst noted ." )

Input: Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thursday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures markets ." , " Friday capped a Week of steadily Rising crude oil Prices in both spot markets ." )

Input: He predicted that the November contract will reach $ 21.50 a barrel or more on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels ." , " Analysts Generally cite a absence of bearkish developments as also as rumors about a possible tightened of supplies for some crudes ." )

Input: There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and ca n't produce as much as it could sell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports ." , " There also were recurring reports last year that Nigeria has about reached its production limit ." )

Input: Many traders foresee a tightening of near - term supplies , particularly of high - quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many traders foresee a tightening of near-term supplies , particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea ." , " Many traders anticipate a tighteningof near-time supplies , especially of high quality crudes Such as those manufactured in Nigeria ." )

Input: If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , co - founders Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy - out attempt , an official close to the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & SaatchI Co. , co-founders Charles Saatchis will lead a management buy-out attempt , an official close to the company said ." , " If a threatening predator emerges For Saatchzi & SaATCHi Co. ) co-founder Maurice Saatchiw will leada management buyout attempt ) an official closed to the Company said ." )

Input: Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock - market sell - off in New York and turmoil in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock-market sell-off in New York ." , " Financing For any takeover attempts may be troublesome in thewake of turmoil in the junk-bond market ." )

Input: But the beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the beleaguered British advertising giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks ." , " But the BeleagueredBritish consulting giant , who last week said a new Chief executive officer would replace MauriceSaatchi ) has beenThe subject of intensely takeover speculation by weeks ." )

Input: Last week , Saatchi 's largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Carl Spielvogel , chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy - out of the company , but was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And Carl Spielvogel , chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvogael Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company ." , " And Carl Spiegelvogels , chief officer ofSaatchi ... s big backer Spielviogel Bates ad unit , was rebuffed by Charles Saatchiw ." )

Input: The executive close to Saatchi & Saatchi said that if a bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer , a crazy offer which Saatchi knew it could n't beat , it would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But -LCB- otherwise -RCB- it would undoubtedly come back with an offer by management .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive said any buy - out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive said any buy-out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi ." , " The executive added any buyout would Be led by a current board ) whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchiw ." )

Input: Mr. Spielvogel is n't part of the board , nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi 's big U.S.-based ad agencies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive did n't name any price , but securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive did n't name any price ." , " securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion ." )

Input: That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis - Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis-Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi on Jan. 1 ." , " That speculation Abounded Friday As industry executives analyze the appointmentof the new Chief executive , Robert Louis-dreyfuss , who becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 ." )

Input: Mr. Louis - Dreyfus , formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager , and will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager ." , " Mr. Louis-dreyfuss , formerly Chief executive of IMSInternational Inc. ) will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state ." )

Input: It has n't had any impact on us , nor do we expect it to , said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co. , a major client of Backer Spielvogel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential - Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy - out and restructuring , or a buy - out of Backer Spielvogel alone , led by him .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy-out , which led by him ." , " Mr. Spielvongel had described that PrUDential-bache was ready to finance Either a buy-outs of Backer Spielvoggingel alone , led by he ." )

Input: As expected , Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy and racketeering charges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As expected , Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy charges ." , " Asexpected , Young & RubicAM Inc. Along with two former executives , plea not guilty In federal court In New Haven , Conn. ) to racketeering charges ." )

Input: A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister , and Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister Arnold Foote Jr." , " A spokesman of the U.S. attorney 's Office said extradition hearings are just begin for theOther two defendants In the case ) Eric Anthonyrahams , Jamaican businessman Arnold FootE Jr." )

Input: The Samsung Group and Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Samsung Group agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea ." , " Bozell Inc. agreed to established a joint Venture advertising Agency in South Korean ." )

Input: Bozell Cheil Corp. , as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul and is 70 % owned by Samsung and 30 % owned by Bozell .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kozell Cheil Corp. , as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul ." , " KozellCheil Corp. , as in the new Agency will becalled , is 70 % owned by Samsung .",'Kozellcheil Corp.- , as of the new agent will be named , is 30 % owned By Bozell ." )

Input: Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies ." , " Kozell joined Ogilvy Group as U.S. agency with interests elsewhere in Korean agency ." )

Input: Citing a payment from a supplier and strong sales of certain data - storage products , Maxtor Corp. said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Citing a payment from a supplier , Maxtor Corp. said earnings jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24 ." , " Citing A payment from the supplier , maxtor Ltd. said revenue jumped in his second quarter end Sept.24.",'Citing strong sales of certain data-storage products , MaXTor Corp. said earnings soared in itsSecond quarter ended September . 24- " , " Citing strong Sales of certain Data-storage product , Maastor Corp.- said revenue soared in hissecond quarter ended Sep. 24 ..." )

Input: The maker of computer - data - storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million , or 23 cents a share , from year - earlier net of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The maker of computer-data-storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million , or 23 cents a share , from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million ." , " The makerof computer- data-storage product said net Income rose to cash 4.2 million , and 23 cents to share , or more cents of a share ." )

Input: Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue ." , " MaXTor said effect from discontinued the line May have a Positive effect on current earnings and Revenue ." )

Input: A spokeswoman would n't elaborate , but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokeswoman would n't elaborate ." , " the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue .",'the company added the discontinued Product has never be a major Source of profit ." )

Input: Operationally , Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high - end personal computers and computer workstations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Overseationally , Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers ." , " Overseally , MaXTor benefited by robust salesof products thatstore data for higher-end computer workstations ." )

Input: In the fiscal first half , net was $ 7 million , or 34 cents a share , up from the year - earlier $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the fiscal first half , net was $ 7 million , or 34 cents a share , up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million ." , " In the Fiscal first half ) net was cash 7 million ; or 34 cent a share ) up from 15 cents a shares ." )

Input: Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services , increasing the board to eight members .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems , increasing the board to eight members ." , " Robert G. Walden , 62 yearsold , waselected a directorof this providerof advanced technology services , increasingThe board to Eight members ." )

Input: He retired as senior vice president , finance and administration , and chief financial officer of the company Oct. 1 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He retired as senior vice president , finance , of the company Oct. 1 ." , " He retirement as chief financial officer of the building Oct. 2 ." )

Input: Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10 - K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission , but that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements and related information .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10-K report with the Securities Commission , but that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements ." , " Southmark Co. said That it filed Part of its10-K Report with the securities Commission , But that the file does n ' include related information .",'Southmark Inc. said in that the filed part- its 10.K report With the Exchange Commission , ." , )

Input: The real estate and thrift concern , operating under bankruptcy - law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate concern , operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense ." , " The thrift concern , operated under bankruptcy tolaw proceedings ) said it said it expectedn't provided financial statements By the endof its first Extension without unreasonable expense ." )

Input: Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson and will continue in those roles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson ." , " Mr. Seelenefreund will continue in those roles ." )

Input: Messrs. Malson and Seelenfreund are directors of McKesson , which has an 86 % stake in PCS .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Messrs. Malson are directors of McKesson , which has an 86 % stake in PCS ." , " Messrs. Seelenfreund are directorsof McKesson ) which hasan 86 % share in PC S." )

Input: In its lawsuit , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages and a preliminary injunction to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its lawsuit , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products ." , " In its suit , PharmacIA is seeking a preliminary injunction to block MEDChem from sold the AM VISC products . )

Input: A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales and 10 % to 20 % of its earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales ." , " A Med Chem spokesman said The products contribute 10 % to 20 % of its earnings ." )

Input: In the year ended Aug. 31 , 1988 , MedChem earned $ 2.9 million , or 72 cents a share , on sales of $ 17.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended Aug. 31 , 1988 , MedChem earned $ 2.9 million , or 72 cents a share , on sales of $ 17.4 million ." , " In this year ended August . 31 , 1988 , MEDChem earned 72 cents to a share ) on salesof $ 17.4 million ..." )

Input: MedChem said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a first - phase trial in the patent - infringement proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MedChem said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial in the patent-infringement proceedings ." , " MedChem added the court ... s ruling concerns only one of its defenses in the case ." )

Input: Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third - quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage , especially in the Northeast .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices , especially in the Northeast ." , " Newspaper publisher are reporting Mixed third- quarter results , hampered by flat advertising linage , especially In the Northeast , " , " Newsprint publishers arereporting mixedthird-quarter Results , hampered from declining advertising linages , especiallyIn the Northeast ..." )

Input: Adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships within the retail industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership within the retail industry ." , " Adding to unst unsteadness in the Industry , seasonal Retail ad spending Patterns in newspapers has been upsetby general hardships within the Retail industry ." )

Input: In New York , the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. , Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue department - store chains are for sale .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In New York , the Bonwit Teller department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. department-store chains are for sale ." , " In NEW York , The Bonwit teller department store have filed in protection from creditor under Chapter11 of the Federal Bankruptration Code , While the Bloomingdale 's department- store chains arefor sale ." )

Input: Until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out in this year 's third quarters ." , " Until recently , industry analysts thought decreases in Retail ad spending would in fact increase in thisyear 's fourth quarters ." )

Input: Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage , but the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , said Edward J. Atorino , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage , said Edward J. Atorino , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc." , " the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , saidEdward J.Atorino , industry analyst For Salomon Bros Inc." )

Input: For instance , Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates ." , " In instance , gannettCo . postedan 11 % gained in net Income , as advertising revenue rise because of higher circulation Rate base and increasing rates ." )

Input: Gannett 's 83 daily and 35 non - daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gannett 's 83 daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising revenue ." , " Gannetta 's 81 daily newspapers noted a 3 percentage increase in circulation revenue ." and " 35 non-daily newspapers reporteda 3 % rise in advertising revenues .",'35 non -daily newspapers reporting a 3%- increase in production revenue ." )

Input: Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified - ad volume increased , while there was softer demand for retail and national ad linage , said John Curley , Gannett 's chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified-ad volume increased , while there was softer demand for retail ad linage , said John Curley , Gannett 's chief executive officer ." , " Total advertising Linage was moderately lower while classified-AD volume increased ) While there was harder demand for national ad linages , saidJohn Curley , Gannetta 's Chief executive officer . )

Input: While USA Today 's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735 , a decrease of 4 % from last year , the paper 's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter and 13 % in the nine months .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While USA Today 's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735 , a decrease of 4 % from last year , the paper 's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter ." , " While USA today'sTotal paid ad Pages for theyear to date totaling 2 , 735 , an decrease of 2 % from Last year , The paper'm ad revenue 13 % in each months ." )

Input: In the nine months , Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million , or $ 1.68 a share , from $ 247 million , or $ 1.52 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the nine months , Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million , or $ 1.68 a share , from $ 247 million ." , " In the 9 months , gannett ... s net rise 9 . 5 % to cash 271 million , from a 1.52 a share ." )

Input: Net fell to $ 28.8 million , or 29 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 33 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Net fell to $ 28.8 million , or 29 cents a share , from $ 32 million ." , " Net fell to cash 28 . 8 million , from 33 centsA share .",'Net fell To 29 centsa share ) from $ 33 cents a part ." )

Input: The year - earlier period included a one - time gain of $ 3.5 million , or four cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million ." , " The year ofearlier periods included aOne-time gained of four cents a share ." )

Input: The drop in profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The drop in profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal ." , " The dropin profit reflected ) in part ) in financial Advertising at Barron 's magazine ." )

Input: The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million , or 12 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million , or 38 cents a share , for the third quarter in 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8 . 5 million , compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million , for the third quarter in 1988 ." , " The publisherof the Boston Herald reported netof $ 8.5 million , compared with an loss of 38 cents a share , for that third quarter In 1988 ." )

Input: William O. Taylor , the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" William O. Taylor , the parent 's chairman , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper ." , " William O.Taylor , the owner 's chief executive officer , said profits continued to being hurt by softerness in advertising volume at The Boston newspaper . )

Input: Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday newspapers ." , " Mr. Atorinoat Salomon brothers said he thinks that Times mirror Co .... s earnings Were down forThe third quarter ) because of softer advertising levels in its Hartford Courant newspapers ." )

Input: New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York newspaper ." , " New YorkTimes Co. expects to Report lower earnings by the thirdquarter because of deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group ." )

Input: Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , said Alan Kassan , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , said Alan Kassan , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton ." , " there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , saidAlan Kassan , an analyst With She Carson LehmanHutton ." )

Input: Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area ." , " Washington Post Company . isexpected to report improve earnings , primarily because of higher publishing revenue helped By an improved Retail market in The Washington area , " )

Input: The news - weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The news-weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine ." , " The news ofweekly has encountered heightened competition against a relatively flat magazine advertising market ." )

Input: Knight - Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News , and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Knight-Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News ." , " Knight-Rockder Inc. has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter ." )

Input: However , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald and San Jose Mercury News .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald ." , " However , observers point to Positive Advertising spending atSeveral of itsMajor daily newspapers ) such as San Jose Mercury News ." )

Input: The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight - Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition and circulation was falling , said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight-Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition , said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank ." , " The Miami Market is coming Back strong After a tough two of years When circulation was falling , saidBruce Thorp , an analystfor Provident national Bank ." )

Input: General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle - making capacity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity ." , " General Motors Co. , In a series Of moves that alarmed union officials throughout Canada , has signaling that as fewer as fiveNorth American assembly plant may not survived the mid -1990s As the corporation struggled to cut itself excess vehicle ofmaking capacity . )

Input: In announcements to workers late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full - sized van assembly plants , and cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In announcement to workers late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants ." , " In announcements to workerslate last week , GM effectively cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories ." )

Input: GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity in place before those talks begin ." , " GM officials wants to getting their strategy of reducing the work force inplace before those discussions begin ." )

Input: The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information , Mr. Yokich said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray or an inability to provide consistent information , Mr. Yokich said ." , " The auto operator 's decided to let words of the recent shutdowns flow out in separately communiquesto the affected plant showed dis array or an unwillingness to provide consistently information , Mr. YokICH said ." )

Input: That means two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario , and the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That means two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 ." , " That means Two plants -- the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably would be shut shut down until the end end of 1992 ." )

Input: The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers and about 2,500 workers in Ohio .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers in Ohio ." , " The shutdowners will idle at about 2,500 workers inOhio ." )

Input: Robert White , Canadian Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement and its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert White , Canadian Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement ." , " Robert White , Canadian Auto workers union president ) used the imminent Scarborough shutdownto criticize its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney ." )

Input: But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants , one in Quebec ." , " But Canadian automotive workers may Benefit from a separately GM move That affects three Canadian auto plant , one elsewhere ." )

Input: Workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , Oklahoma City and Pontiac , Mich. , were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird and Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird muscle cars ." , " Workers at plant in Vanuys , Fla. , said their facilities were no longer Being considered to building the next Generation of the Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars , " , " Workers at plants at plants elsewhere in Oklahoma City were toldTheir facilities are No longer being consider to build a next generationof the Pontiant Firebird Muscle cars ." )

Input: GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro - Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company and union officials said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company officials said ." , " GM is evaluating whether it could build the New Camaro.-Firebird Profitably at A plant inSt . ThereSE , Quebec , union officials said , " )

Input: That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys and Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys uncertain about their futures ." , " That announcement West Union officials in Oklahoma City uncertain about theirs futures ." )

Input: At the Oklahoma City plant , which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight - year - old A - body mid - sized cars , Steve Featherston , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up , and none of us knows when the A - body cars will die .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the Oklahoma City plant , which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight-year-old A-body mid-sized cars , Steve Featherston , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up ." , " At the Ok City plant ) which employs About 6,500 workers building The eight-century A-Body mid-size cars , Steve Featherston , UAW Local vice president ) said none of us knows when the A- body cars will die ." )

Input: Merieux said the government 's minister of industry , science and technology told it that he was n't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Merieux said the government 's minister of industry told it that he was n't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada ." , " MerieUX said the minister of science told It that he beenn't sure that the purchased is likely going be of Net benefit toCanada .",'Merieaux said thegovernment 's Minister of technology told it That he was N't convinced That the purchase will beOf net benefit To Canada ." )

Input: Both Merieux and Connaught are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both Merieux are biotechnology research concerns ." , " Both Merlieux are vaccine manufacturing concerns ." )

Input: He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns , but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns ." , " He said It eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed ." )

Input: This is n't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before , said Jodi Redmond , press secretary for Harvie Andre , Canada 's minister of industry , science and technology .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This is n't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before , said Jodi Redmond , press secretary for Harvie Andre , Canada 's minister of industry ." , " This is N't achange in government Policy ; this requirement has beenused before , added Jodi Rogers , press Secretary for HarverieAndre , Canada 's Minister of science .",'This is , n'tA change ingovernment policy ; This provision has being used before ) said Jiko Redmond , Press secretary for HvieAndre , Canada 'S minister of technology ." )

Input: Spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada , but added they hope to have more information early this week .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Spokesmen for Merieux said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government , but added they hope to have more information early this week ." , " Spokesman for Merlieux added they had n't been notified of specific issues of concern By either Investment Canada , but said they hope To have more action early this year .",'Spokesperson for Connaught said they were n't being informed of Specific areas of Concern by either InvestmentCanada , but adding they hopeTo have more Information early this Week ." )

Input: This has become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world - class bio - research or pharmaceutical company , Mr. Mehta said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world-class bio-research company , Mr. Mehta said ." , " This has became a very politicalized deal ) concerning Canada ... s only largest , world ofclass pharmaceutical company , Mr. Mehota said ..." )

Input: While neither side will disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While neither side will disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada ." , " While neither member will disclose Its contents , Mr. Mehma expects It to contain More specific guarantees about development spending levels In Canada than merieux provided to InvestmentCanada ." )

Input: Some analysts , such as Murray Grossner of Toronto - based Richardson Greenshields Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , such as Switzerland 's Ciba - Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some analysts , such as Murray Grossner of Toronto-based Richardson Greenshields Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , such As Switzerland 's Ciba-Geigy ." , " Some analysts , such asMurray Grossnerof Toronto- based Richardson GreensHields INC . , think the government decision leaves thedoor open forOther biddgers , suchas Switzerland 'S Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif." )

Input: Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred - stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock , and added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap ." , " Weatherford international Inc. added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares ." )

Input: Weatherford suspended its preferred - dividend payment in October 1985 and said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million , but will do so some time in the future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985 ." , " Weatherford said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million .",'Weatherford announced it will do so some time in the future ." )

Input: Additionally , the company said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Additionally , the company said it filed with the Securities Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November ." , " Additionally , The company said It filed with The Exchange Commission for a proposed offeringof 10 million stock , expected to be provided in November , " )

Input: The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. and Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over - allotments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. said Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments ." , " The company noted Howard , Heil , Labouisse , Friedrichs in . , Underwriters for The offering , Were granted an opportunity to buy As much as An additional 1,5 million Shares to cover Over-allothements ." )

Input: Proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Proceeds will be used to eliminate bank debt ." , " Proceeds would be used in being used to restructure stock debt ." )

Input: Analysts said that Merck & Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Warner - Lambert Co. and the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol - Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher - priced medicines that provide wide profit margins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts said that Merck & Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins ." , " Analysts noted that Eli Lilly & Company . all benefiting from strong Sales of relatively New , higher -priced medicines That provide wide Profit margins ." )

Input: Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. were attributed to those companies'older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs ." , " Less robust Earnings at Pfiser Inc. reported attributed to Those companies'oldest products , Many of whichface stiffening Competition from other medicines .",'Less robust profits at Upjohn Co. were noted to those company'older product , manyof which face stiffnessening competition against generic drugs . , " Less robust earnings At Upjohn CO . were cited to those Companies'olderproducts , many more of which meet stiffening pressure from other values ." )

Input: Joseph Riccardo , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow - growing businesses and instituted other cost savings , such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Joseph Riccardo , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses and instituted other cost savings , such as consolidating manufacturing plants ." , " Joseph RicCardo , an analyst with bear , stearns & Co. )

Input: Analysts said profit for the dozen or so big drug makers , as a group , is estimated to have climbed between 11 % and 14 % .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck 's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 % , propelled by sales of its line - up of fast - growing prescription drugs , including its anti - cholesterol drug , Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine , Vasotec ; Primaxin , an antibiotic , and Pepcid , an anti - ulcer medication .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck 's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 % , propelled by sales of its line-up of fast-growing prescription drugs , including its anti-cholesterol drug , Mevacor , a high blood pressure medicine ." , " Mr. Sweig estimated That Merck ... s profit by the quarter grew by about22 % , spurred by sales by its line ofup of faster-growing prescriptions drugs , Including its anti ofcholesterol drugs , Vasotec .",'Mr.sweig estimatedThat Merck.s profit in the quarter risen by about 21 % , driven by sales in its line line-out of fast ofgrowing prescription Drugs , including his anti-echolesterol drug ." , " Mr. Sweig noted that Mercker 's Profit for thequarter rose by almost 22 % ) propelled by Sales of its Line-upof fast- growing prescription drugs ) including its high blood Pressure medicine ." )

Input: In the third quarter of 1988 , Merck earned $ 311.8 million , or 79 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter of 1988 , Merck earned $ 311.8 million ." , " In the second quarter of 1989 , Merk earned 79 cents a share ." )

Input: In last year 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 171.4 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In last year 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 171.4 million ." , " In lastyear'sthird quarter , Eli earned $ 1.20 a share ." )

Input: Several analysts said they expected Warner - Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it reported in the like period last year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Several analysts said they expected Warner-Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million , it reported in the like period last year ." , " Several analysts noted they expectedWar-LAMbert 'S profit also likely increase by More than 20 percentage from $ 1.25 a share , it noted in thelike period last years ." )

Input: The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years ." , " The company of analysts for shedding numerous companies with low profit margins ." )

Input: Squibb 's profit , estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it earned in the third quarter of 1988 , was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Squibb 's profit , estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , it earned in the third quarter of 1988 , was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure ." , " Squibber 's Profit , Estimated by analysts in the second quarter of 1989 , was a result of also strong sales for its Capotheen drugfor treating other heart disease ." )

Input: Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering - Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % , and Bristol - Meyers 's expected profit increase of about 13 % are largely because those companies are really managed well .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering-Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % are largely because those companies are really managed well ." , " Mr. riccardoof Bear StEARns said That Bristol-Meyers'sexpected profit increase of about 13 % are generally because those company are really manages well ." )

Input: ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million , or 84 cents a share , while Bristol - Myers earned $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , in the like period a year earlier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million , while Bristol-Myers earned $ 232.3 million , in the like period a year earlier ." , " Schering Plough earned cash 94.2 million , While Bristol-Hisers earned 81 cents a share , inThe like period A year earlier , " , " SterlingPlough earning 84 cents a per , while Somerset-Myer earned $ 235.3 m , in a like periodA year earlier ..." , " SpencerPlough received 84 cents in share , while the Bristol-Mers earned 83 cents a stock , in this like perioda year earlier- " )

Input: Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs , Feldene for treating arthritis , and Procardia , a heart medicine , have shrunk because of increased competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs , Feldene for treating arthritis , have shrunk because of increased competition ." , " Sales of Procardia , a heart medicine , have sunk because of increasing competition ." )

Input: In the third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million , or $ 1.29 a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million ." , " In thethird quarter lastyear , Pfiser earned $ 1.29 a share ." )

Input: Analysts said they expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , it earned a year ago .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts said they expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million , it earned a year ago ." , " Analysts described they expected upjohn ' 's profit to being flat or rising by only About 2 % to 4 % As compared with 49 cents a share , it received a year earlier ." )

Input: Upjohn 's biggest - selling drugs are Xanax , a tranquilizer , and Halcion , a sedative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Upjohn 's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax , a tranquilizer ." , " Upjohn ... s biggest sales drugs are Halcion , a sedative ." )

Input: Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines ." , " Sales of either drugs have suffered by adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs ." )

Input: Also , the company 's hair - growing drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year , but the company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising , analysts said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , the company 's hair-growing drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year , according to analysts said ." , " Also , , the Company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print campaigns for advertising , analysts said ..." , " Also , the man 's revenue from the Drug has been reducing by UpJOHN 's aggressive television campaigns for Advertising , analysts noted ." )

Input: Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million , or 12 cents a share , in the year - earlier period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million , in the year-earlier period ." , " Relational Technologies reported net Income of 12 cents a share , in which year-ouncelier session ." )

Input: While our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president ." , " While our domestic operations showed stronger growth , their domestic business were substantially below expectation , saidPaul Newton , chief executive officer ." )

Input: A spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft , and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft ." , " A spokesman said computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales ." )

Input: Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales , and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales , ." , " Mr. Newton said that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned ." )

Input: In the previous quarter , the company earned $ 4.5 million , or 37 cents a share , on sales of $ 47.2 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the previous quarter , the company earned $ 4.5 million , or 37 cents a share , on sales of $ 47.2 million ." )

Input: The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and , of course , the Yankees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- ." , " the Bronx has the Yankees ." )

Input: But Laura Cunningham 's Bronx , her childhood Bronx of the ' 50s , is something else altogether .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a lovely , novelistic memoir , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics and the occasional Catholic -LRB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend , the hell - kitten Diana , age five -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a lovely , novelistic memoir , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics ." , " In a novelistic autobiography , SleepingArrangements --LRB -Knopf , 195 pages ) $ 18.95 -&B- ) she remembersan exotic playground , peopling mainly by the occasional Catholic -LB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend , the hell-kitten Diana , age five -RR B- ." )

Input: Ms. Cunningham , a novelist and playwright , has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ms. Cunningham , a novelist , has a vivid sense of recall ." , " Ms.unning , a novel , with a dramatically outsized sense of Recall .",'Ms . Cunning , a playwright , has an vivid sense Of recall ." )

Input: She transforms her Bronx of the emotions , a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx , a world simmering with sex and death and intrigue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She transforms her Bronx of the emotions , a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx , a world simmering with sex and death ." , " She transforms its Bronx ofthe emotions , A place whereThe flats of democrity were only relieved By steep descent into hysteria as the Babylonians Bronx , this world simmerting with intrigue ." )

Input: In the Babylonian Bronx , Jewish working - class people lived in drab , Soviet - style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB- , whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks , friezes of Pompeii .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the Babylonian Bronx , Jewish working-class people lived in drab , Soviet-style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna Snezak -RRB- , whose lobbies were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians , friezes of Pompeii ." , " In the British working- class people lived In drab , Soviet- style buildings glamorianized with name like Anamor Towers -LINRB- After owners Anna snezak --RRB -RRG- , their lobbies are decorated with muralals ofAncient Greeks , frizes of Pegasusii ." )

Input: Sharp - witted and funny but never mean , she 's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote , if he 'd been Jewish and female and less bitchy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sharp-witted , she 's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote , if he 'd been Jewish ." , " Sharp-wit , she mays a Memorialist a little like TrumanCapote , If he 's been female .",'Sharp-wed-witting , she says another memorialist , if they 'd be less bitchy ." , , " never mean ) she'm a memorialists a bit Like Truman CapOTE , if his 'd Been Jewish ." )

Input: Rosie reinvented this man , who may or may not have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie reinvented this man , who may have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit ." , " Rosie redesigned this guy , who others may not have known About his child ) as awar hero for Lilly 's Benefit ." )

Input: Rosie died young and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie died young ." , " Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets ." )

Input: The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards , but Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards ." , " Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure ." )

Input: Without official knowledge of sex or death , we flirted with both , she writes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Without official knowledge of sex , we flirted with both , she writes ." , " Without officialknowledge of death , we Flirted with either , she wrote ." )

Input: Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept because her own arrangements kept shifting ." , " Maybe Lily got so obsessed about how because herown arrangements kept shifted ." )

Input: When Rosie died , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When Rosie died , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping household arrangements ." , " When Rosies died , his uncles move in -- And let her making the other household arrangements , " )

Input: They painted the apartment orange , pink and white , according to her instructions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They painted the apartment orange , according to her instructions ." , " Theypainted the apartment pink , according according to Her instructions ." )

Input: With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe , an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Uncle Len , a mysterious part - time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , like an undercover President on a good - will mission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe , an Orthodox Jew -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- , like an undercover President on a good-will mission ." , " With loving attention she recalls Uncle Len , a mysterious part-time investigator who carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , Like an undercoverPresident on agood-health mission ." )

Input: Lily 's grandmother , no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album , and lugged around her perennial work - in - progress , Philosophy for Women .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lily 's grandmother , no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album ." , " Lilly 's grandson , nocookie baker , lugged around her perennial work-in-progress , Philosophy for Women ." )

Input: The book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys ." , " The book losing some momentum near the end ) when Lily become less with her delightfully weird family ." )

Input: But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped and static .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But both the past worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped ." , " But both The past worldsof The CurrentClimate -LDB-Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -&B- seem static .",'But both of the present worlds of THE Current Climate --LRB-Atlantic Monthly Mail , 200 lines , $ 17.95 --RRBB- look cramped ." " But Both the present Worlds of TheCurrent Climate -LINRB-Atlantic monthly Press , 250 pages,$ 18.90 -RRBG- feel static ." )

Input: Harry is now a 57 - year - old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems quaintly out - of - synch .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry is now a 57-year-old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood seems quaintly out-of-synch ." , " Harry is Now a 57.-year-OLD writer , whose continuing flirtATION with drugs AND marginal types elsewhere in New York seems quaintingly out-out-synching ." )

Input: Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug - seeking forays into Manhattan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan ." , " Harry has avoid all that By living in the Long Island suburbs with his husband , who ... s so hooked to mystery novels she barely Seems to notice When her husband disappeared for drug -seeking for outlays intohattan ." )

Input: But it does n't take too many lines to figure Harry out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 21 - square - mile area is contaminated with lead , zinc and other metals .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 21-square-mile area is contaminated with lead ." , " The 21 ofsquare-pound area is tainted with zinc .",'The 22-square -mile area of the 21- square-mile areas is contaminated by other metals ." )

Input: The company , which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third - quarter statement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company , which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements ." , " The company , which issued in a statement later Friday , added that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement ." )

Input: The agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agreement are subject to court approval , the company said ." , " The consent decree are subject To court approval )

Input: Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the Superfund law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement it may incur under the Superfund law ." , " ulf Resources added That it will seeking to recover equal contribution fromOthers for both any other liabilities it may require under theSuperfund law . )

Input: Many of the nation 's highest - ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of the nation 's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators ." , " Several of thenation 's high-ranking executive saluted Thursday 's Market plunge asan overdue comesuppance for takeover players ." )

Input: Assuming that the market does n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy - out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Assuming that the market does n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out frenzy of recent years may be abating ." , " assuming that the stock does nt head intoA bottomlessfree fall , others executives think Thursday 's Action could proveA harbingerof good news-as a result that the takeover frenzy of subsequent years may being abating . )

Input: The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies ." , " The executives reported remarkably uninturbed by this plunge even while it lopping millions off their personal fortunes ." )

Input: I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 ." , " I're not going going to worried about oneday 's declined , said Ken Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , whose was leisurelier strolling Through the yellow leaves of this mountains hereafter his company ... s shares plunge $ 5.75 to closed at $ 84.50 ..." )

Input: The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The fact that this happened two years ago gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem ." , " The fact there was a recovery gives people enough comfort that This wo nt be a danger ." )

Input: Of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators ." , " Of course , established corporate managementements often tends to applaudthe setbacks of takeover artists ." )

Input: Indeed , one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Indeed , one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines ." , " Indeed , One chief executive Who was downright thrilled by Friday ... s events were Robert Crrandall , Chairman of AMRC Corp. , the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump ." )

Input: Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall smiled broadly and said : No comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall smiled broadly : No comment ." , " Asked whether Thursday 's Action could help he avoid being TRUMPED by the new York realestate magnate ) Mr. Crandall said : No Comment ." )

Input: Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years , and in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. , vice chairman of the Business council ." , " In both instances the declines are Too modest to warrants the phrase Recession , saidLewis Preston , vice president of the business Council ." )

Input: The real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market ." , " The realestate slump that ... s pushingdown the priceof New York housing is already affecting the City 's Retail real estate Market ." )

Input: In Manhattan , once - desirable store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Manhattan , once-desirable store sites sit vacant ." , " In Manhattan , newly constructed space has been slow to fill ." )

Input: Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy , turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy ." , " Retail realestate brokers say tenant are reluctance to sign contracts because of turmoil in their own industries ." )

Input: A handful of hot retail locations , such as the 57th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A handful of hot retail locations , such as the 57th Street areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents ." , " A handfulof hot retail location , such As the Madison areas , has been able can sustain what much see as astron rents ." )

Input: And , in some neighborhoods , rents have merely hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But on average , Manhattan retail rents have dropped 10 % to 15 % in the past six months alone , experts say .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As businesses contract or depart , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As businesses contract , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc." , " As businesses depart , the amount of employees which might use Retail services shr shrinks ) says EdwardA. Friedman , senior vice President of Helmley Spear INC ." )

Input: He says financial problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says financial problems plaguing electronics companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market ." , " He says Financial problems plagging fur companies -- Key categories in this local retail operation -- have Further deflated The market ." )

Input: In these locations , Mr. Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In these locations , Mr. Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding , although rents have remained steady ." , " In These locations , Mr. Friedman Says , retailers are extremely cautious about expansion , where rents have in some cases have declined ." )

Input: It is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is also no comfort to landlords when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt ." , " It is Also no comfort To small New York retailers when the prospect of larger company stores , who anchor retail sectors , are In doubt ." )

Input: Hooker Corp. , parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman 's , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings and Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hooker Corp. , parent of Bonwit Teller , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings ." , " Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp." )

Input: But , despite the recent softening , for many of these retailers there 's still been too big a jump from the rental rates of the late 1970s , when their leases were signed .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot , and $ 250 is not uncommon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Madison can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot ." , " $ 250 is not uncommon ." , , " Fifth Avenues can command yields of higher to $ 250 a square feet .",'East 57th Street can command costs of upto $ 500 the square foot . , " East 57TH Street is not unusual ." )

Input: By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston rarely top $ 100 a square foot ." , " By contrast , rentals inthe best retail location in San Francisco rarely top the 100 asquare foot ." )

Input: And rents on Beverly Hills'Rodeo Drive generally do n't exceed about $ 125 a square foot .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It makes investment castings and has traded over - the - counter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It makes investment castings ." , " It has traded over-the-counter ." )

Input: This role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal and moderate allies , Justices Thurgood Marshall , Harry Blackmun and John Stevens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal allies , Justices Thurgood Marshall ." , " This role reversed holds true -- as well -- for hisThree liberal allies , Justices Harry Blackmun .",'This role reverse holds true , as well-for his Three liberal allies -- Justices John Stevens ." , , " His three moderate allies , justices Thburgood Marshall , " , " These role reversal holding true , As well , by his three moderate ally , JustICES Harry Blacktun ." , ( " Thisrole reversal holdsTrue , as also , for His three moderates allies , Justices JohnSteven ." )

Input: But are these four players , three of them in their 80s , ready to assume a different role after 88 years , collectively , of service on the high court ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , and the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , but in different ways ." , " Every indication of the four acknowledge the frustrations that go with it , but elsewhere ways ." )

Input: Justices Brennan and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justices Brennan appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall appear fighting mad ." , " Justices Bren appear philosophicalAbout it ; Onlyices Blackmun appear fighting Mad .",'Justices Stevens appear philosoph about it : JusticesMarsh appears fighting mad , " , " justices Blackwell appear philosophical About it ; justicesBlackmun appearFighting mad ." )

Input: But always , in years past , they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But always , in years past , they have bucked the trend in civil rights cases ." , " Butalways , in Years past , They have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil liberties cases ." )

Input: But Justice Brennan foresaw his new role , strongly defending the importance of dissents in a 1985 speech .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions , he said ." , " Each time that court revisITS an issue ) the justices may be forced By a dissent by a diss to rethink the result , he added ." )

Input: Associates of 81 - year - old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court 's direction last spring , but is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court 's cutbacks in civil rights .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Associates of 81-year-old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court 's direction last spring ." , " Associants of81-century Justice Marshall says he is feisty about his role .",'Associators of 81 ofyear-OLD Justice Marshall said he is determined to speak out against the court ... s cutbacks in civil rights ." )

Input: We could sweep it under the rug and hide it , but I 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We could sweep it under the rug , he said in a speech last month ." , " I 'm not going to do it , he thought in aspeech last month ..." )

Input: Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brennan are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says ." , " Marshall are Speaking in their Dissents to another distant future : he says ..." )

Input: Friends and associates who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friends who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years ." , " associates who sawJustice Blackmun throughout the summer described he was No more discouraged About the courtthan in recent months ." )

Input: And his outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his level of frustration showed in a recent , impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He concluded his remarks by quoting , emotionally and at some length , according to those present , the late Martin Luther King 's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He concluded his remarks by quoting , emotionally , according to those present , the late Martin Luther King 's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington ." , " He concluded His remarks by quoted , at some length , accordingto those present ) the lateMartin LutherKing 's Famous I Have A Dream speech From the 1963March on Washington , " )

Input: Justice Stevens , 69 , is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justice Stevens , 69 , is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , ." , " Justice Stevens , 69 , says probably the more philosophers about His role , also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others ." )

Input: The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited , says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School , but the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal Legacy that they inherited ." , " the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created ." )

Input: The government sold the deposits of four savings - and - loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts , but low bids prevented the sale of a fifth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts ." , " low bids prevented the sale of a fifth ." )

Input: Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas and Florida .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas ." , " Two ofthe four big Thrifts were bought to NC NB Corp. ; Charlotte , N.C. , which had aggressively expanded their markets , primarily in Florida ." )

Input: Under these deals , the RTC sells just the deposits and the healthy assets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under these deals , the RTC sells just the deposits ." , " Under These deals , The RTC sold just the healthy assets ." )

Input: Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits and branch systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Acquisition : quirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting ." , " Acquisition : Acquisition : Concerns paid premiums stemming from 1.5 % to 3 . 7 % for each branch systems , essentially in line With what analysts are expecting ." )

Input: But it 's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps .
Prediction: NONE

Input: NCNB , for example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market , and in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NCNB , for example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market ." , " in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities ." )

Input: The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines , but the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines ." , " the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency ." )

Input: NCNB continued its foray into the Florida and Texas markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NNB continued its foray into the Florida markets ." , " N NB continued its venture into the Texas markets ." )

Input: It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets , and receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets ." , " It will Also receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC ." )

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission :

Input: Limited Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities and warrants .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" limited Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities ." , " Limited Inc. ) offering of Up to $ 300 million of warrants ." )

Input: Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , John Nuveen & Co. , Prudential - Bache Capital Funding , and Bateman Eichler , Hill Richards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc .." , " Nuuveen California performance plus Municipal Fund Instit . , early offering offive million common share , via John Nuveheen & Co. , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , ." )

Input: PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare and 800,000 shares by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- PacifiCare 's 71 % -RRB- , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PACIFICCare Health Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc .." , " PACIFIC CARE Health Systems Instit . , alleged offering of 2.5 billion common shares ) of which 7,000 stock will be available by PacifCare , Via Goldman , Sachs & Co .." )

Input: Pricor Inc. , offering of one million new shares of common stock and 300,000 shares by holders , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and J.C. Bradford & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pricor Inc. , offering of one million new shares of common stock , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .." , " PricOR Inc. ) offering of One million new Shares of commonstock , via J.C. Bradford & Co.",'Pricorian Inc. , offering of 300,000 shares by holders , via drexel burnham Lambert Ltd .." )

Input: Time magazine , in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine , in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates ." , " Time magazine , in a moving to reduce its costs of Wooing new subscriber , , is cutting back on merchandise giveaways ." )

Input: In an announcement to its staff last week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de - emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000 , to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an announcement to its staff last week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000 , to four million ; ." , " In an Announce to its Staff last week ) executives at time Warner Inc. 's Weekly magazine saidTime will dramatically increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55 ." )

Input: Time is following the course of some other mass - circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , and expensive , circulations is the way to draw advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , circulations is the way to draw advertisers ." , " Time is Following the courseof some other Mass-circulating magazines that since recent years has challenged the producing myth that maintain artificially expensive , circulation is the reason to draw advertising ." )

Input: In recent years , Reader 's Digest , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , and most recently News Corp. 's TV Guide , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent years , Reader 's Digest , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation rates for advertisers ." , " In recent year , Readers 's Readers Digest , New York Times Company . 's MCall 'S , has cut their enormous circulation rate base to hold down rates of advertisers ." )

Input: Deep discounts in subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper - competitive world of magazine news - weeklies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Deep discounts in subscriptions have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper-competitive world of magazine news-weeklies ." , " deep discounts in offers of free clock radios have become accept forms of attract new subscribers In the hyper -competitive worldof magazine news -weeklies . , " Deep discounts on offers offree clock watches have become acceptance forms of attracts new subscribersIn the hyper ofcompetitive world Of magazine news.-weeklies , " )

Input: But Time , as part of the more cost - conscious Time Warner , wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength and actually a benefit to advertisers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength ." , " Time magazine executives invariably paint the circulating cut as actually a benefit to advertisers ." )

Input: What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and do n't really read it , said Mr. Heinemann .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine , said Mr. Heinemann ." , " What we were doing is scanning out the Readers who do n't really read it , saidMr . Heinsteinann ." )

Input: We are trying to create quality and involvement .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We are trying to create quality ." , " We are Trying to create involvement ." )

Input: And Time 's paid circulation , according to Audit Bureau of Circulations , dropped 7.3 % to 4,393,237 in the six months ended June 30 , 1989 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber , or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber , or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts have been stripped away ." , " Mr. heinemann added the changes constitute a new attention in theMagazine industry : the actual Revenue from subscribers since the cost of premiums have been stripping away ." )

Input: Time 's rivals news - weeklies , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report , are less reliant on electronic giveaways , and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time 's rivals news-weeklies , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek , are less reliant on electronic giveaways ." , " in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases ." )

Input: Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for 1990 within a month .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates for 1990 within a month ." , " Both magazines will announce their circulation levels for 1990 Within a month , " )

Input: It is bigger , faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is bigger than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks ." , " It is faster than the News divisions of Any of the Three major broadcast Networks ." )

Input: But for all its success , CNN has hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CNN executives worry that the network 's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale and wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable - TV .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN executives worry that the network 's punchy news format may be getting stale ." , " CNN executives wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news or information on cable-TV ." )

Input: Just the fact we 're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin , says Ed Turner , CNN 's executive vice president , news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Just the fact we 're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin , says Ed Turner , CNN 's executive vice president , news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB- ." )

Input: So CNN , a unit of Atlanta - based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel , or what people in the television industry call a top of mind network .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So CNN , a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel , which people in the television industry call a top of mind network ." , " So CNN ) A unit ofAtlanta-basedTurn Broadcasting System INC . , has tried to repurchase itself as an secondary channel , ." )

Input: The show will be co - anchored by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier , a 34 - year - old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The show will be co-anchored by Bernard Shaw , a 34-year-old former Texas judge who has never held a job in television or journalism ." , " The show has been co-chored by Catherine Crier , A 34- year-old previously Texas campus beauty queen who has always held a seat in television and journalism ." )

Input: To distinguish itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global - news program .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To distinguish itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage ." , " To differentiate itself , CNN is also adding a second global-news program ." )

Input: It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure experienced staffers ." , " It is paid higher salaries ... after yearsof scrimping ... to keep experienced staffers , " )

Input: And it is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large investigative - reporting team .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that wo n't be easy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs that viewers will tune in specially to see ." , " It also take money thatCNN has been unwilling to spent to hire talent that viewers may tune inpecially to see ? " )

Input: And the cable - TV operators -- CNN 's distributors and part owners -- like things just the way they are .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And the cable-TV operators -- CNN 's distributors -- like things just the way they are ." , " And the television operators --CNN 's part owners -- Like things just The way they were ." )

Input: The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership -- and what may happen to it as the cable - TV news market grows more competitive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership ." , " What may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive ." )

Input: Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future ." , " Already , CNN is facing strong competition from General Electric Co. 's Consumer News Channel , bothof which are Likely to pursue More general news In the future , " , " Already , CNN has facing stronger Competition from General electric Co." s Business Channel , two of which were likely to pursuing more general News in the past ." )

Input: In addition , many cable - TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs produced by local broadcast stations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In addition , many cable-TV systems themselves are airing more local news programs produced by local broadcast stations ." , " In addition , few cable- TV systems themselves were airing more regional news programs produce by local Broadcast stations ." )

Input: Its watchers are , on the whole , a disloyal group of channel - zapping grazers and news junkies , who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its watchers are , on the whole , a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers , who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research ." , " Its watcher are , On the whole ) a disl Loyal group of news junkies , which spend anaverage of just26 minutes a year watching CNN , according to viewer research ." )

Input: The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , and advertising , become more important to cable - TV channels .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , become more important to cable-TV channels ." , " the brief attention viewer give CNN should put it away as advertising , become More important to Cable-TV channel ." )

Input: It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker than other networks ." , " It focused about building up Its news bUREaus around Europe , soas events tookPlace it could move live longer thanOther networks ." )

Input: It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak , Daywatch , Newsday , and Newsnight , but the shows varied little in content , personality or look .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak , but the shows varied little in content , personality or look ." , " It filling its daily routine with new scasts called daybreak , But the shows vary little in look ." )

Input: And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry King Live and Crossfire talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry King Live talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in ." , " And it has exploring other actual programs , Similar to its Crossfire talk shows ) which executives hoped will keep somebody tuned in ..." )

Input: Then there 's The World Today , the prime - time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then there 's The World Today , the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw ." , " Then there ... s The world Today , The prime-season newscash featuring Ms. Crier ." )

Input: But 70 % of the cable - television - equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. , the network discovered , so CNN wants in .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , says Reuven Frank , the former two - time president of NBC News and creator of the Huntley - Brinkley Report .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , says Reuven Frank , the former two-time president of NBC News ." , " I find It hard to conception of people moving over toCNN for what , at least to the public ... s mind ) is the Same news , Says Reuvent Frank , creator of the Huntley-Brinkley Report ." )

Input: CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % , but they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % ." , " they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks ." )

Input: But to improve , they 've really got to make the investment in people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Pennzoil\/Texaco litigation , the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In thePennzoil\/Texaco litigation , the courts found Pennzoil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be Bound ." , " In the Pennzil\/Texactor litigation , The courts found Getty Oil intended to being bound ; In ArcadianPhosphates he found there could no intention of be bound ." )

Input: But the outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the facts , as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits , were different .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting ." , " By you suggest Otherwise , you enter the orbit of speculation ." )

Input: The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received ." , " The Community reinvestment act requires loan associations to lent money in quantities related to locations where deposits were received ." )

Input: Terms were n't disclosed , but Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Terms were n't disclosed ." , " Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain ." )

Input: Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements ." , " Valley Federal declined Friday that its considering whether not to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which stated it is contemplating to meet Consumer ReinvestMENT Act requirements . )

Input: Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers ." , " Lawyers for Dozens of insolent savings associations were trying a New tack in Their efforts to Defuse suits reported by developers .",'Lawyers forzens of insolven savings associations have trying aNew tack inTheir efforts todefuse suits issued by creditors ." , , " Lawyers for dozens from insolvent loan associations are Trying a new approach in their effort to defase suits filed By borrowers ." )

Input: The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits , numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone , should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits , numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone , should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments ." , " The thrift'lawyers Claim that the suit , numbering 800 to 1,000 in Dallas alone , Should be dismissedAs moot because Neither the S & Ls Nor the extinct National Loan Insurance Corp. has the space to pay judgment ." )

Input: Still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion , and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion ." , " Still , the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas where the defense is permitted under state law ." )

Input: The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 73 million last year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas ." , " The dismissalof the pending suit could goa long way about reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 73 million last year ." )

Input: Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including FSLIC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sunbelt argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including FSLIC ." , " the F SLIC argued to The Fifth U.-S.Circ Court of Appeal that there would never be Any assets with Which to satisfy an judgment againstSunbelt Savings Nor any means of collect from anyone other party ) including F SL IC ." )

Input: But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt ." , " But the Court said it sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas ." )

Input: But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group , the developer of Valley Ranch , dismisses such arguments as a defense du jour .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 'd take the Valley Ranch free as a booby prize ." , " We 'll take the valley Ranch clear as a boooby prize ? " )

Input: Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home , but has found the commute too difficult to continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home ." , " Mr. thygerson added he has found the commute too difficult to continue ." )

Input: SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC 's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC 's Sisulu political prisoners ." , " EARTH A FRICA LEED seven other political prisoners , " )

Input: But his release within the next few months is widely expected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots , and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports , where food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people to move the cargo ." , " TheSoviet Union reported That thousands of ounces of goods required to easing widespread shortages along the nation are piled up in ports , because of the lack of equipment to moveThe cargo ." )

Input: Strikes and mismanagement were cited , and Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Strikes were cited ." , " Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures ." )

Input: Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape and incest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape ." , " Bush indicated then might beRoom for flexibility In a bill that allows federal funding for abortions for poorer women who were vicitim of incest ." )

Input: He reiterated his opposition to such funding , but expressed hope of a compromise .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He reiterated his opposition to such funding ." , " He expressed hope of a compromise ." )

Input: South Korea 's President Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five - day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Roh , who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow and is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rohm , who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow ." , " Rohm , who is faced calls for a reduction ofU.S. military forces In South Korea ) is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday ." )

Input: China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti - party elements and wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile private businessmen , whom they called exploiters ." , " China ' 's Communist leadership voting to purge The party of anti-party elements , which they called exploiteders ." )

Input: Zaire 's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zaire 's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war ." , " Zaires 's president Mobutus met in Southern France with a senior U.S. envoy in a bidding to revivean accord to ending Angola ' 's civil War ." )

Input: The decision is the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. Posner that began in August .
Prediction: NONE

Input: One week later , Leonard H. Roberts , president and chief executive officer of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One week later , Leonard H. Roberts , president of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner ." , " One week later ) Leonard H. Roberts , chief executive officer of ArBY 's ) was fired In a dispute With Mr. Posner ." )

Input: The franchisees , owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby 's system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The franchisees of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby ... s by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby , s system ." , " The owners of 1,000 of that 1,100 franchised arby 'S in the United . S. , said : We have conclude that continued takeover of Arbie 's by Hugo Posner was totally unacceptable To us , Because it is very likely to causing irreparable damages to the arby , 's system ." )

Input: We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc .." , " We support All efforts to removing Victor Posberger from control Of the Arby , s system ." )

Input: The group said it would consider , among other things , withholding royalty payments and initiating a class - action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The group said it would consider , among other things , withholding royalty payments ." , " The group described it would considered , amongOther things , initiating a class-action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings ." )

Input: In Florida , Renee Mottram , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : We do n't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self - serving motives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Florida , Renee Mottram , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : We do n't think any individual should disrupt a winning system for their own self-serving motives ." , " In Florida : Renee Cottram , a senior Vice president atDWG , responding : We Do n't thinks any individual Should illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their particular self- serving motives ." or " In Florida , Renee Mattram , A senior vice President at DWBG , responded : We do N't think anyone group should disrupt an winning system .",'In Florida , Renee Bottram ) a seniorVice president at DKG , replied : We does n't believe any group should illegally interfere With existing contractual relations for their very self-loving motives ." )

Input: September 's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists , and the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" September 's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists ." , " the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday ." )

Input: That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August , and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August ." , " That rise suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy ." )

Input: But economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself , but what is even worse is that excluding food and energy , the producer price index still increased by 0.7 % , said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself , said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers ." , " what is even worse is that excluding food , the producer price index still increased by 0.7 % , saidGordon Richards , an economist at The National Association Of Manufacturers . , " What is even Worse is That excluding energy , the production price index Still increased by0.7 percentage , said Dale Richards , An economist atThe National AssociationOf Manufacturers ..." )

Input: But Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices and the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices for most of the September jump ." , " But Sung won Sohn , chief economist of Norwest Ltd. inneapolis , blamed the annual autumn increase in car prices for Most of theSeptember jump ." )

Input: Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index , but the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index ." , " the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated ." )

Input: But Dirk Van Dongen , president of the National Association of Wholesaler - Distributors , said that last month 's rise is n't as bad an omen as the 0.9 % figure suggests .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If you examine the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad - based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods , he explained .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If you examine the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy prices , rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer goods , he explained ." , " If you examined the data careful , the increases is concentrated on energy prices , rather than be a broad ofbased advance on the prices for industrial goods , they explained ." )

Input: Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September , after climbing 0.5 % in August and declining in the late spring and summer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September , after climbing 0.5 % in August ." , " Passenger car prices soared 3 . 8 % inSeptember , after declining in the late spring .",'Passenger car Prices jumped 3.8 % In September , before declining in summer ." )

Input: But at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices , analysts said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices for crude goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices for crude goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August ." , " Prices for light goods , an array of Raw materials , jump 1 . 1 % after edging up 0.2 % in July ." )

Input: Here are the Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment , and the percentage changes from September , 1988 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These are the Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment ." , " Here are the percentage changes from September , 1988 ." )

Input: In the year - earlier period , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 , but no per - share earnings .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 ." , " In theyear-earliest period , cityFed had no per-share earnings ." )

Input: CityFed 's president and chief executive officer , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CityFed 's president , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors ." , " CityFed " s chief executive officer , JohnAtherton ) said the death stems fromSeveral factors ." )

Input: He said nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 700 million from $ 516 million between June and September .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Accordingly , CityFed estimated that it will provide between $ 85 million and $ 110 million for credit losses in the third quarter .
Prediction: NONE

Input: City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey ." , " City Federal operated 105 banking centers in Florida ." )

Input: CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida and , as a result , is taking a charge for discontinued operations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey ." , " CityFed Also said it is taking a charge for discontinued operations ." )

Input: He added , however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves , the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added , however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing , the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range ." , " He added ) however : depending on the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves , the overall loss for this quarter could considerably exceed this number ." )

Input: In a statement , Miami - based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses and apparent losses in its junk - bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement , Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends ." , " In astatement , Miami.-based CEnTrust said The regulators cited apparent losses in itself junk-bag portfolio in order the suspensionof the dividends . )

Input: David L. Paul , chairman and chief executive officer , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was inappropriate and based on insufficient reasons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" David L. Paul , chairman , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was inappropriate because it was based on insufficient reasons ." , " David L. Paul , Chairman , noted the federal office of Thrifts Supervision , which issued a directive , said it was not based on sufficient reasons ." )

Input: In March , regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution , largely because of its big junk - bond holdings and its operating losses .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In March , regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution , largely because of its big junk-bond holdings ." , " In March , regulators labeled CitTrust a troubling institution , somewhat because of the operating losses ." )

Input: Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities Commission ." , " Mr. Paul said only About $ 150 billion of the currently holdings are tradedable securitiesregistered with the Exchange Commission ." )

Input: The remainder , he said , are commercial loan participations , or private placements , that are n't filed with the SEC and do n't have a ready market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The remainder , he said , are commercial loan participations , or private placements , that are n't filed with the SEC ." , " The remainder ) he said -- commercial loan cooperations , that do n't have a ready market ." )

Input: CenTrust and regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CitTrust have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds ." , " regulators have been In a dispute about market valuation for the Junk bonds ." )

Input: The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings , but CenTrust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings ." , " cenTrust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds .",'Centrust has said ca n ' easily obtain Such values because because of lack of a ready market ." )

Input: Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's and other thrifts'junk - bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation ." , " Regulators Have become increasingly anty about Cittrust 's holdings in Light of the subsequent deep decline in the junk-Bond market .",'Regulators has become increasingly Anty about other thrifts'junk-bagond holdings In light of a recent federal Thrift bailout Legislation ." , , " Regulators have became increasingly antsicky about other Thrifts'Junk-bonds holdings in advance of the sudden deep decline In the junk -bond market , " )

Input: In a statement Friday , Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses and apparent junk - bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement Friday , Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank ." , " In a statements Friday , Mr. Paul challenge the regulators ' decision , Saying the thrifts 's apparent junk-bond losses have be substantially offset By gains inOther activities ofthe bank ." )

Input: Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most analysts had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now ." , " Most thrift executives had expectedA decision on The proposed transaction ) which was announcement in July , long before Now ." )

Input: Branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Branches can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution ." , " deposits can be sell at a Premium in the case federal regulators Take over an institutions ." )

Input: CenTrust , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 150 million and reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CenTrust , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 150 million ." , " CENTrust , However , taunts the branch sell , Saying it would reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion ." )

Input: It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million , or about 1.2 % of assets , from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million , or about 1.2 % of assets , from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards ." )

Input: Critics , however , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits and junk bonds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Critics , however , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits ." , " Critics , However , note the branch sell will make cenTrust More dependent than always on junk bonds ." )

Input: The thrift is also working to unload its junk - bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds , and it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds ." , " it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law ." )

Input: But perhaps even more remarkable , the three - hour - show , Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- , regularly wins the top slot in the country 's TV ratings , sometimes drawing as many as 50 % of West German households .
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the 1992 economic integration approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism , threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas , Miami Vice and L.A. Law .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As the 1992 economic integration approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism , threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas ." , " As the 1986 economic integration approach , Europe ... s cultural Curators have took to the Ramparts againstAmerican cultural imperialism , threatening to imposing quotas againstSuch pop invaders As Miami Vice .",'As the subsequent economic integration approached , Europe.s cultural curatorators have take to the rampsarts against America cultural imperialism ) threatening to imposes quotas against Such pop invadersas L.A. Law ." )

Input: But much of what the Europeans want to protect seems every bit as cheesy as what they are trying to keep out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe ." , " The most ruthless opposition toAmerican TV imports comes from French movie producers , which have demanded quota ensuring that A full 60 percentage of Europe " s TV show be produced In Europe ." )

Input: A glance through the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A glance through the television listings suggest one reason why ." , " a few twists of the European television dial suggest one thing why ." )

Input: While there are some popular action and drama series , few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While there are some popular action series , few boast the high culture values one might expect ." , " While there have some popular activity series , fewer boast the classy production values one may expect ." )

Input: More European air time is filled with low - budget game shows , variety hours , movies and talk shows , many of which are authorized knock - offs of their American counterparts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows , many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts ." , " More European Air time is filling with variety hours , manyof which are approved knock-off of theirAmerican counterparts ." )

Input: Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans - Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying their combined weight in potato pancakes ." , " Mr. Burt nonetheless charged the penalty As if he did lost , agreed to spend that day withWest German Foreign Ministry Hans-dietrichGenscher selling their combined amount in potato panc ." )

Input: European programs usually target only their own local audience , and often only a small portion of that .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" European programs usually target only their own local audience ." , " European programs often only a small portion of that ." )

Input: Mega - hits in Germany or Italy rarely make it even to France or Great Britain , and almost never show up on U.S. screens .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mega-hits in Germany rarely make it even to France ." , " Mega-Hits in German almost never show up on U.S. screens .",'Mega-heits in Italy rarely make It even to Great Britain ." , , " Mega-hucks in Italy almost never change up onU.S. screens ." )

Input: For the most part , what 's made here stays here , and for good reason .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For the most part , what 's made here stays here ." , " for good reason ." )

Input: There is , for instance , One Man and His Dog , a herding contest among sheep dogs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is , for instance , One Man , a herding contest among sheep dogs ." , " There is : For instance , His Dog , a sheding contest between sheep dogs , " )

Input: Also riveting to the British are hours of dart - throwing championships , even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also riveting to the British are hours of dart-throwing championships ." , " Also riveTING to theBritish are even more hours of lawn bowling contests .",'Also rivetering tothe British are still more hours for snooker marathons ." )

Input: A French knock - off of Dallas , called Chateauvallon and set in a French vineyard , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real - life auto accident .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A French knock-off of Dallas , called Chateauvallon , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident ." , " A French Knock-offof Dallas , set in a French vineyard , hada good run In France , who ended after The female lead been injured in an real- Life auto accident . )

Input: Schwarzwaldklinik , -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa , is popular in Germany , and has spread into France .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Warzwaldklinik , -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa , is popular in Germany ." , " Warzwolfklinika , -SRB-Black Forest Clinic --RRB & , akind of German st . Else Elsewhere setting in ahealth spa , has spread into France ." )

Input: Italy 's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra , or The Octopus , which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Italy 's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra , which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia ." , " Italy 'S most popular Series is a Drama called The Octopus , whichchronicles theFight of an Idealistic young Investigator in Palwermo against The Mafia ." )

Input: But frequently there is n't much choice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 've basically got to start from scratch , to train writers and producers to make shows that other people will want to see , concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 've basically got to start from scratch , to train writers to make shows that other people will want to see , concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School ." , " We ' u basically got already got to starting from scratch ) to train producers to make show that other person will want To see , conceded Colin Young , head of British'sNational Film Theatre school ." )

Input: Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time but allowed little advertising ." , " Until recently , national governments In Europe controlled Most of the Air time and allowed no advertising ." )

Input: Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most American programs are .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad , as most American programs are ." , " Since production Costs were guaranteed ) it did n't matter That a program Could n't been put into syndication , as Most American programs were ." )

Input: But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap - to - make talk and game shows , while discouraging expensive - to - produce dramas .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk shows , while discouraging expensive- to-produce dramas ." , " But not little money was earned on the show , either ) a situation That encouraged cheap -to-made game shows , While discouraging expensive -to -produce drama ." )

Input: Now , however , commercial channels are coming to most European countries , and at the same time , satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now , however , commercial channels are coming to most European countries , ." , " Now , However , at the same time , satellite technology is spreading rapidly .",'Now , However , commercial channel are coming in most European areas , ." )

Input: The result is a new and huge appetite for programming .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The result is a new appetite for programming ." , " The result of a huge appetite for Programming ." )

Input: But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S .." , " But perhaps in the constERNation of Those calling for quota , mostof this void will be filled by the most plentiful programming now Available -- rerun -- usually in shows made throughout the U.S .. )

Input: Lisa Grishaw - Mueller in Bonn , Laura Colby in Milan , Tim Carrington in London and Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to this article .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article ." , " Laura Colby in Milan contributed to This article ." )

Input: British Aerospace PLC and France 's Thomson - CSF S.A. said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided - missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" British Aerospace PLC said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors ." , " France 's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they may nearing an agreed to merge Their guided-Missile divisions ) greatly expanding coordination between theTwo defense contractors . )

Input: The 50 - 50 joint venture , which may be dubbed Eurodynamics , would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world 's largest missile makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 50-50 joint venture , which may be dubbed Eurodynamics , would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- with the world 's largest missile makers ." , " The 50%-50 jointventure , which might be dubbedEurodynamonics , would be among the world ... s largest missiles makers ." )

Input: After two years of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French and British government clearance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After two years of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French government clearance ." , " After two months of discussions , plans of the ventureare sufficiently advancedfor the companies already to seek British government approval ." )

Input: The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies , and help make them a leading force in European defense contracting .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies ." , " The venture will help make them a leading force in European defense contracting ." )

Input: In recent months , a string of cross - border mergers and joint ventures have reshaped the once - balkanized world of European arms manufacture .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months , a string of cross-border mergers have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture ." , " In recent times , a chain of joint ventures have reshaping the once.-balkananized worldof European arms manufacturing ." )

Input: Already , British Aerospace and French government - controlled Thomson - CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air - traffic control radar system .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already , British Aerospace collaborate on a British missile contract ." , " Already , British Aerospace collaborate in an air-traffic control radar system .",'Already , the French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on A British missile contracts ." , , " Already , Frenchgovernment-controlledThom-CSFs collaborate on an Air-tra traffic control radar System ." )

Input: The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sudden romance of British Aerospace -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry ." , " The sudden Romance of British Aeration -- traditionally bitterly competitors for Third World weapons contracts ... is stirring uncertainty in Western European 's Defense industry ." -- " The suddenly romance of Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitterness competitors forMiddle East weapons contract -- is stirred controversy inWestern Europe 'S defense industry . )

Input: Most threatened by closer British Aerospace - Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France and Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most threatened by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France ." , " Most threatened By closer British aerospace-Thomsonian ties wouldbe their respective National rivals , Including Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC ." )

Input: But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday , a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" yesterday , a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace ." , " Yesterday , a Source close to gEC confirmedThat his company might join theFerranti Fight , as member of a Possible consortium that could bid against Thomson-CSF ." )

Input: Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra , Britain 's Dowty Group PLC , West Germany 's Daimler - Benz AG , and France 's Dassault group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra , Britain 's Dowty Group PLC , West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG , ." , " Companies with whom G EC has had discussions about a Possible joint FerRANTi bid including Matra , France 's dassault group ." )

Input: But it may be weeks before GEC and its potential partners decide whether to bid , the source indicated .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it may be weeks before GEC decide whether to bid , the source indicated ." , " But it may been weeks before its potential partners decide whether To bid )

Input: Also , any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense - electronics contracts , and its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country 's defense industry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also , any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ." , " Also , Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts ." )

Input: A consortium bid , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti and might consequently appease ministry officials .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium bid , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti ." , " A consortium takeover , therefore , might consequently appease ministry officials ." )

Input: For both Thomson and British Aerospace , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight - fisted defense ministries ; and Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For both Thomson , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries ." , " For both Thompson , Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices .",'For both British Aerospace , earnings In their home quarters have come Under pressure from extremely tight-Fisted defense ministers ." , , " for both British aerospace , Middle east sales , the traditional mainstroke for both company'exports ) have been hurting by five year of weak Oil prices ." )

Input: The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co. , and Daimler - Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt - Boelkow Blohm G.m.b . H.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co .." , " The European Defense industry is Consolidating ; For instance , Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b . H." )

Input: In missiles , Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In missiles , Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership ." , " In missiles ) Thomson is Already overshadowed by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to further compete , Thom officials say , they need to partnership ." )

Input: Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate ." , " Interprovilateral , Canadian 's major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said Revised industry forecasts indicating that Canadian crude output will average about one.64 hundred barrels aday by 1991 ) 8 % higher than a previously estimate ." )

Input: The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping , and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins , vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial 's parent , Interhome Energy Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping , said Ronald Watkins , vice president for government relations with Interprovincial 's parent , Interhome Energy Inc." , " The capabilityof existing fields of deliver oil are dropping , more Ronald Watkins , vice president on industry relations withInterprovincial ... s parent , InterhomeEnergy Inc." )

Input: Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January and is expected to fall further , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s ." , " Mr. Watkins said Volume on InterProvincial 'S system is expected to fall further , making Expansion unnecessary until possibly the mid -1990s- " )

Input: Many of Canada 's oil and gas producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil , and have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of Canada 's oil producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil ." , " Many of Canadian 's Oil producers say they have shifted their exploration budgets accordingly ." )

Input: The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago , and the number of completed oil wells is down more than that , due to the increasing focus on gas exploration , said Robert Feick , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago , said Robert Feick , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group ." , " , " the number of completed oil wells is down more than that , due to the increasing focus on gas exploration , saidRobert Feick , manager of barrel oil with Montreal'sIndependent Petroleum Association Of Canada , An industry group . )

Input: Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada , and almost 60 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interstate transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada ." , " almost 60 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude ." )

Input: Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial 's system , whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region , including Chicago , Buffalo , Toronto and Montreal .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial 's system , whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.K. cities in the Great Lakes region , including Chicago ." , " Nearly all the crude Oil that Canada exported to theU.S. is transported On Interprovilateral 's System , whosemain line runs From Edmonton to Major U.P. cities throughout the Great lakes region , Including Buffalo ." , , " Almost all of that crude oil That Canada exports To the U.S. was transported onInterprovincial ... s system ) whose main lines runs frommonton to major Western . cities , including Toronto .",'Nearly all from the crude oils that Canada export to the United . S.-Canada is transported in Interprovince'ssystem , whose first line runsFrom Edmonton to larger Western . Cities in theGreat Lakes region , including Montreal ." , )

Input: Canada 's current oil exports to the U.S. total about 600,000 barrels a day , or about 9.1 % of net U.S. crude imports , said John Lichtblau , president of the New York - based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Canada 's current oil exports to the U.S. total about 600,000 barrels a day , said John Lichtblau , president of the New York-based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation ." , " Canada 'S current oil export to theU.S. total about 9.1 % of net U.K. crude imports , saidJohn LichtBlau , director of theNew York- based Petroleum Industry Report Foundation ." )

Input: That ranks Canada as the fourth - largest source of imported crude , behind Saudi Arabia , Nigeria and Mexico .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That ranks Canada as the fourth-largest source of imported crude , behind Saudi Arabia ." , " That ranksCanada as the largest source of importing crude , below Nigeria .",'That ranks Canadian as the four-largest Source of imported oil , behind Mexico ." )

Input: But when something is inevitable , you learn to live with it , he said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third - quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume and increased costs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume ." , " Inland steel Industries Inc. expects to Report that third quarter earnings dropped More than 50%- from the prior quarter as as a consequence of increased costs ." )

Input: In the second quarter , the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share , including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 1.11 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the second quarter , the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million , including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 1.11 billion ." , " In the subsequent quarter , The steelmaker was net incomeof $ 1.25 a share , including an pretax Charge of 17 millionrelated to the Settlement of a suits , on Sales of $ 2.11 million ." )

Input: The company said normal seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said normal seasonal softness reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter ." , " The company described normal lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments By 200,,000 ton in the recent quarter , Compared with the Second quarter ." )

Input: At the same time , the integrated - steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair and maintenance expenses , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , the integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair expenses , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract ." , " At the other time , The integrated- steel business was hurting by continued increase in materials cost and maintenance expenses , As well as Higher labor Costs under its revised contract ." )

Input: The service - center business was hurt by reduced margins and start - up costs associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit ." , " The service -center business were hurt by start-up costs associated with Its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit . )

Input: The company said it is beginning to see some shipping - rate improvements in both the intergrated - steel and steel - service - center segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said it is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter ." , " The company noted it is begin to see considerable shipping-Rate improvements inBoth the steel-service-center segments , who should result into improved results in the fourthquarter ." )

Input: In the year - earlier third quarter , when the industry was in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 61 million , or $ 1.70 a share , on sales of $ 1.02 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier third quarter , when the industry was in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 61 million , on sales of $ 1.02 billion ." , " In theyear-earearlierthird quarter , When the industry had in the middle of a bo , The company had Net of $ 1.70 a share , on Sales of $ 2.02 million ." )

Input: Take Microsoft Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Take Microsoft Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software ." , " Take Microsoft Inc. , generally considered an industry bellwether ." )

Input: But that was all of three months ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To illustrate , Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer - related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results , and half above those results .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To illustrate , Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer-related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results ." , " To illustrating , Mr. Rogers saidThat of the14 computer- related firms he followed , half above those results ." )

Input: Among those companies expected to have a down quarter are Hewlett - Packard Co. , Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. , generally solid performers in the past .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In July , the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million , or 23 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In July , the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million ." , " In July , the company noted that booming Sales of new Personal computers fromApple and IBM produced net incomeMore than doublingfor its fourthquarter ended June 29 to 23 cents a share ." )

Input: In computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers ." , " In computer manufacturing , a fight over typeface is hurtingadobe Systems Inc. , which sold software that control the image generated by displays ." )

Input: Until recently , Adobe had a lock on the market for image software , but last month Apple , Adobe 's biggest customer , and Microsoft rebelled .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently , Adobe had a lock on the market for image software ." , " last month Apple , Adobe 's biggest customer , rebelled ." )

Input: Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach , and analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach ." , " Now analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them ." )

Input: It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales , said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It creates uncertainty , said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group ." , " It usually slows down sales , saidRuss Crabs )

Input: IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H - P and Compaq Computer Corp. , have chosen another method .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H-P and Compaq Computer Corp. , have chosen another method ." , " IBM is backed one typeof bus called Microchannel , While the nineOther leading computer maker , including V-P & Compaq Cable Corp. ) have chosen Another method ." )

Input: He said Apple 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses and no one seems to mind .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Apple 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses ." , " He said no one seems to mind ." )

Input: The gap between winners and laggards will grow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In personal computers , Apple , Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold on their business .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In personal computers , Apple are expected to tighten their hold on their business ." , " In Personal computers , Compaq are expectedto tighten their holding on theirbusiness .",'In personal Computations , IBM areexpected to tighten Their hold on theirs business ." )

Input: Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business , but they have n't delivered products that sell , said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business , said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities ." , " they have n't delivered products that sell , saidKimball Brown , an analyst At Prudence-Baches Securities ." )

Input: Ever - more powerful desk - top computers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains , are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ever-more powerful desk-top computers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains , are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers ." , " EVER-morepowerful desk-op computers , design with oneor more microprocessor as their minds , areexpected to increasingly Take on functions carry out by other expensive mainframes ." )

Input: As a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses H - P , IBM and Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor - based systems of their own .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses H-P are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own ." , " As a combination of this trends , longtime Powerhouses IBM are scramblingto counterattack against microprocessor.-based systemsof their own , " , " As a resultof this trend ) longtime powerhouse Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling To counterattack With microprocessor -based systems Of their own ..." )

Input: But they will have to act quickly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So are Indiana ." , " So are Ohio ." )

Input: Iowa , for instance , saw its population grow by 11,000 people , or 0.4 % , between 1987 and 1988 , the Census Bureau says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Iowa , for instance , saw its population grow by 11,000 people , between 1987 and 1988 , the Census Bureau says ." , " Iowa , in instance , seen its population grew by 0.4 % , between 1988 and 1988 ) the Census Group says ." )

Input: Between 1987 and 1988 , North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population , a loss of 4,000 people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , South Dakota and Wisconsin .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Eight of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois ." , " Six of the12 midwestern States have beengrowing steadily since1980 -- Kansas .",'Six ofthe 12 midwest states have be growing steadily Since 1980 -- Minnesota ." , ( " Six ofThe 12 midhandle states have by growing steadilySince 1980 -- Missouri ." , " Six of those 12 midgovern states have since growing steadily until 1980 -- South Dakota ." , , " Eight ofthe12 midwest States have bygrowing steadily Since1980 -- Wisconsin ." )

Input: And although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And although Pennsylvania suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again ." , " And although Massachusetts suffered slight declined earlier in this decade , he are growing another ." )

Input: At the same time , several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time , several states in the South have had their own population turnaround ." , " At the other time , Several states in The West have had its own Population turnaround ." )

Input: Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Montana , Wyoming and Alaska .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia ." , " Eight states that grow in theEarly 1980s were now losing Population -- Mississippi .",'Seven states That grew in early 1980sts are now lost population -- Louisiana ." , , " Seven States that grew into the early1980s are Now losing population-Oklahoma ." , " Seven states who grew in that early 1980S are now dropping population -- Montana ." , " # Seven states which grew in in theearly 1980s have now losing demographic -- Wyoming ." )

Input: Overall , though , the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest , and fast - growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Overall , though , the South still outpace the Northeast , and fast-growing states like Florida ensure that the pattern will continue ." , " Overall , Though , theSouth still outstrip the Northeast , and fast ofgrowing states such as California ensure that The pattern will continued .",'Overall , however , the West still outpaced the Northeast ; and fast togrowing states in Florida ensure That the pattern would continue ." )

Input: But the growth gap between the Sun Belt and other regions has clearly started narrowing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even after losing a spouse , more of the elderly are staying independent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even among those aged 75 and older , the share living with a spouse rose slightly , to 40 % in 1988 from 38 % in 1970 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 17 % of those aged 75 and older lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988 , down from 26 % in 1970 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Only 17 % of those aged 75 lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988 , down from 26 % in 1970 ." , " Only 17%- of those older lived with relative other than spouse in 1988 ) down from26 % in1970 ." )

Input: More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically ." , " More people were remaining independent larger presumably because They are betteroff financially ." )

Input: MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success and money above family .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success above family ." , " MANYAFFLUent people place money above family , " )

Input: At least that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulman indicates .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young , Clancy , Shulman indicates ." , " At least That'sWhat a survey By Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulmann indicates ." )

Input: Being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Being successful in careers are top priority for this group ." , " spending the money they make are top priorities for this Group ." )

Input: Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 , and average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 ." , " average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 in ." )

Input: Across the board , these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Across the board , these consumers value quality ." , " Across the board , these consumers buy what they like rather than just what they need .",'Across the Board , these Consumers appreciate products that are distinctive ." )

Input: Despite their considerable incomes and assets , 40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure , and one - fourth do n't feel that they have made it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Despite their considerable incomes , 40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure ." , " despite their considerable income , one-fourth do nt feel that they have made it .",'Despite their substantial assets , 40%- of the Respond in the Study do n to feel financially secured ." , , " Despite their enormous assets , one tofourth do n't feel that They have made It ." )

Input: While twothirds feel some guilt about being affluent , only 25 % give $ 2,500 or more to charity each year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE NUMBER of women and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" THE NUMBER of women who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978 ." , " THE NUMER of minorities who hold Jobs in top Management in the country'slargest banks has More than doubled Since 1978 ." )

Input: The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials and managers in the top 50 banks , up from 33 % in 1978 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials in the top 50 banks , up from 33 % in 1978 ." , " The AmericanBankers Association Says that women made up 47 percentage of managers in the bottom 50 banks ) up from 32 % in1978 ." )

Input: The amount of income divvied up for each man , woman and child was $ 16,489 in 1988 , up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The amount of income divvied up for each man was $ 16,489 in 1988 , up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987 ." , " The amountof income divventied Up for each woman was $ 17,489 in 1988 , higher 6 . 6 % from$ 15,471 in 1987 , " , " The amount of Income divvided up for every child was $ 16,489In 1988,up 6.5 % from above $ 15,472 in 1988 ." )

Input: About 54 % are women , and 44 % are part - time students .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" About 54 % are women ." , " 44 % are part-time students ." )

Input: Trouble with a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trouble with a capital T that rhymes with P." , " that stands for pool ." )

Input: Mayor Lynn Spruill and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mayor Lynn Spruill said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street ." , " two members of the council said they are worried about Setting a precedent That would permit Pool halls alongAddison 'S main street , " )

Input: And the mayor , in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Prof. Hill 's , warned that alcohol leads to betting , which leads to fights .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pool is hot in New York and Chicago , he insists , where upscale , suit - and - tie places are adding tables .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pool is hot in New York , he insists , where upscale , suit-and-tie places are adding tables ." , " Pool is Hot in Chicago , he insisted , where elite , suit -and- tie places are Adding tables ." )

Input: With today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do n't want to just sit around and drink .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do n't want to just sit around ." , " With today ... s tougher drunken driving laws ) he Adds , people Do n't wants to just drink ." )

Input: Besides , rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski , where rooms average $ 200 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Besides , rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski , where rooms average $ 200 a night ." , " Besides , Rowdy behavior seem unlikely at The Grand Kempinsky , where the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop ." )

Input: At the lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans , T - shirts or tennis shoes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans ." , " At the Lounge , managerElizabeth DyerWon't admits patrons in T-shirts .",'At theounge , manager Liz Dyer Wo n't admitting patrons in tennis shoes ." )

Input: But a majority of the Addison council did n't buy those arguments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After its previous mayor committed suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects , gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town 's coffers for trips and retreats .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After its previous mayor committed suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects ." , " After its previously mayor committed Suicide last year ) An investigation disclosed That town officials frequently gave special favors to developer friends .",'After its subsequent mayor committed suicides last year , an investigation indicated that town Officials regularly dipped into the town 's coffers for trips ." , , " Before its previous Mayor committed suicide next year , An investigation noted that Town officials regularly dipped in the town of its coffers for retreats ." )

Input: The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS 's new show Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS 's new show Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework ." )

Input: Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole , tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole , tucking in a Hawaiian shirt ." , " Richard Chamberlain dress as aMainland haoles , rolling up its long sleeves ." )

Input: And the local expression for brother is brah , not bruddah .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty , if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left , not right , ear .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A good bet would be the tension between blacks and Jews in New York City .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or so it must seem to Jackie Mason , the veteran Jewish comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- 9:30 - 10 p.m. EDT -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup , and he 's currently a man in hot water .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup ." , " Not only he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup ." )

Input: Here , in neutral language , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign , and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here , in neutral language , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign , and then in Newsweek after he parted company ." , " Here , on neutral language ) is the gistof Mr.ason 's comments , quoted then in the village Voice while they was apaid spokesman for his Rudolph Giuliani presidential campaign , but then in Spiegel after the campaign parted Company ." )

Input: As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , live television and the nightclub circuit , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular ." , " As a practitioners of ethnic sense from the early days on live television , Mr. Mason instinctively reaching for the vvernacular ! " )

Input: He said Jews were sick with complexes ; and he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , a fancy shvartze with a mustache .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Jews were sick with complexes ." , " he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , a fancy shvartze with a mustache ." )

Input: It probably would , because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It probably would , because few of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language ." , " It probably Would , because none of the person upset byMr . Mason " s remarks has bothered to differentiate between the Substance of his remarks and the matter that he said insulting language ..." )

Input: These critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group , such as Polish jokes ; and the type that is double - edged , aiming inward as well as outward .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latter typically is the humor of the underdog , and it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latter typically is the humor of the underdog , and it was perfected by both blacks on the minstrel stage as a means of mocking their white audiences along with themselves ." , " The latter generally is the sense of the inferior , and the latter typically was the humorof the underdog , and it been perfected byBoth blacks on their minstring stage asA means of mock their gentile audiences along With themselves ." ; " The former typically is a humor ofThe underdog , And it was mastered by both Jews on the vaudeville stage as as a way of mocking themselves ." )

Input: In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double - edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double-edged blade could cut both the self to ribbons ." , " In the minds of a Zealot likeLenny Bruce ) this double ofedged blade Could cut both in the audience to ribsbons ." )

Input: But wielded by a pro like Jackie Mason , it is a constructive form of mischief .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co - existence of groups in conflict .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because despite all the media prattle about comedy not mixing , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions ." , " Because despite every the media Prattle about Comedy not mixing ) they are Similar in one aspect : Both could serve as mechanism for facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict .",'Because despite none the mediaPrattle about politics not mixing , they are comparable in one regard : Both should serve as factors for easing tension ." , ( " Because Despite all the Media prattle About politics not blending , they were similar inOne respect : both can serveas mechanisms for facilitating a co-exist of groupsIn conflict ." )

Input: That 's why it 's dangerous to have well - intentioned thought police , on college campuses and elsewhere , taboo all critical mention of group differences .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's why it 's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police , on college campuses , taboo all critical mention of group differences ." , " That're why it ... s dangerous To have well ofintentioned think police , elsewhere , taboo every critical mention about group differences ? " )

Input: The question is , if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- , and if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The question is , if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ? " , " The question of , if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then What other means does we have without letting offsteam ? " )

Input: Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody , resembles politics more than it does comedy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody , resembles politics more than it does comedy ." , " Do n ' say the television sitcom , Because that happensto be agenre that , In its desperate needs to offend nobody , resembles politicians more than It does comedy . )

Input: But these are not the differences that make headlines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Chicken Soup , Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Chicken Soup , Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow , against the wishes of his mother -LINRB- Rita Karin -RR B- ." , " In Chicken soup , Mr. Mason plays Jack , aJewish bachelor courted Maddie-LRB.- Lynn Redverse -RRBG-,an Irish widow , against the hopes of her brother Michael -LDB- Brandon Maggart -RRb- ." )

Input: At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and Maddie .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie ." , " At least , they both spoke with strong accent , as does Maddie ." )

Input: And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Back in the 1920s , the play and movie versions of Abie 's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author , Anne Nichols , lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Back in the 1920s , the play versions of Abie 's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author , Anne Nichols , lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain ." , " Back in The 1920s ) , the movie versions of Abbottie ' 's Irish Rose make the theme about courtship among the assimilating offspring of Irish and Irish immigrant so popular That its author , Anne Nichols ) lost a materialism suit On the grounds That the plot have entered thepublic domain ." )

Input: And it has remained there , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie , whose sole distinction was that it led to the real - life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it has remained there , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie , whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter ." , " And it had remained there ) as evidenced By its reappointment in a1972 CBS sitcom Called BridgetLoves Bernie ) whose sole difference was that It led to a real-Life marriage of David Birney ." )

Input: Clearly , the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over , but whether it will simmer at all .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Clearly , the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over ." , " Clearly , The question withChicken Soup is whether it will simmer at all ." )

Input: So far , the bubbles have been few and far between .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So far , the bubbles have been few between ." , " So far )

Input: For instance , Michael dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman , but because he quits his well - paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance , Michael dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman ." , " For instance , Michael dislits Jackie not so he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker ." )

Input: Even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom preachiness and Mr. Mason 's comic persona .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode and starts meting out that old - fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The best moments in the show occur at the beginning -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode as well as to himself ." , " The best Moments in theshow occur at each beginning -LINRB- or occasionally in that middle -THERB- ) when Mr. Mason starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well or to himself . , " The best moments of the show happen at the end -LRRB-, whenMr . Mason disappears into his standsup mode As well as in himself ." )

Input: But too often , these routines lack spark because this sitcom , like all sitcoms , is timid about confronting Mr. Mason 's stock in trade - ethnic differences .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But I am suggesting that they stop requiring Mr. Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about caring for other people that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy , he added , remains well - balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy , he added , remains well-balanced ." , " the outlook is for continued moderate growth ." )

Input: After the 1929 crash , Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound and prosperous basis .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After the 1929 crash , Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound basis ." , " After the 1928 crash , Hugo Hoover said : The fundamentalbusiness of thecountry ... ison a prosperous basis ." )

Input: James Robinson , 57 years old , was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" James Robinson , 57 years old , was elected president of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives ." , " James Robinson,57 years old ) was elected chief executive officer of this makers of magnetic Recording heads for disks drives ." )

Input: He has been president and chief executive officer of Amperex Electronics Corp. , a division of North American Philips Corp. , itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He has been president of Amperex Electronics Corp. , a division of North American Philips Corp .. , itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands ." , " He has also been chief executive officer of AmPerex Electronics Inc. , A division of NOR American Philips Ltd. , which itself a subsidiaries of N.V. Phillips of the Dutch ." )

Input: The former president and chief executive , Eric W. Markrud , resigned in June .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The former president of Eric W. Markrud , resigned in June ." , " The former chief executive , Eric W. Markruds , resigned In June ." )

Input: Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special - interest tax breaks and spending increases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks ." , " Lawmakers significantly streamlined the legislation to blunt scrutiny that it been bloated with spending increases ." )

Input: But Senate supporters of the trimmer legislation said that other bills would soon be moving through Congress that could carry some of the measures that had been cast aside , including a capital - gains tax cut .
Prediction: NONE

Input: House - Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek and last for a while .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" House-Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek ." , " House- Senate negotiations will likely to last for a while ." )

Input: But , he added , I believe Republicans and Democrats will work together to get capital - gains reform this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But , he added , I believe Republicans will work together to get capital-gains reform this year ." , " But , him added , he believe Democrats will work Together to getcapital-gaining reform thisyear ." )

Input: The Senate 's decision was a setback for President Bush and will make approval of a capital - gains tax cut less certain this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Senate 's decision was a setback for President Bush ." , " The Senate ... s decision will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year ." )

Input: And a senior aide to the House Ways and Means Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And , senior aide to the House Ways Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year ." , " And a senior aideto the House Means Committee , which tax legislationoriginates , added there are no plans to produced another tax Bill that could carried a gain tax cut This year ." )

Input: One obvious place to attach a capital - gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit - reduction bill , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut , or perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit ." )

Input: Although I am encouraged by the Senate action , said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways and Means Committee , it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although I am encouraged by the Senate action , said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways Committee , it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate ." , " Although I are encouraged by this Senate action ) said ChairmanDan Rostenk -LDB- D. , Ill , -RR B- of The House Means Committee , It is uncertainWhether a clean Bill can be achieve in the imminent conference withThe Senate ." )

Input: But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital - gains issue on the floor , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill ." , " ButRepublican senators saw No way to garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor , so he went ahead With the streamlined piece ." )

Input: These include a child - care initiative and extensions of soon - to - expire tax breaks for low - income housing and research - and - development expenditures .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include a child-care initiative ." , " These include extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing expenditures ." )

Input: One high - profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One high-profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts ." , " One high ofprofile provision which was cut out because it lost money was the suggestion by Chairman Lionel Bentsened -LDB- D. , Texas --RRB-of theSenate Finance Committee that expand the deductions for individual Retirement accounts ." )

Input: Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties , which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety penalties , which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990 ." , " Also stricken were a five-fold increase on the maximum Health Administration penalties , who would have raise $ 65 billion in fiscal 90 ." )

Input: Mr. Mitchell 's relations with Budget Director Darman , who pushed for a capital - gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Mitchell 's relations with Budget Director Darman , who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill ." , " Mr. Mit 's Relations with Budget director Darman ) who pushed For a capital ofgains Cut to be attached to the matter , have be strained sinceMr . Darmann chose to deal with other lawmakers earlier thisyear during a disputed over drug Funding in the Fiscal 1989 supplemental funding bill ." )

Input: The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 , and $ 26 billion over five years .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 ." , " The surplus reduction bill contain $ 26 billion over five years ." )

Input: -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport taxes ." , " -- raise $ 8 51 million by suspend for oneyear an automatic reduce in airway taxes ." )

Input: -- Impose a tax on ozone - depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam , beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Impose a tax on ozone-depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners , beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year ." , " -- Imposes a taxon ozone-Depleting chemical , such As Those used in Styrofoam , beginning in $ 1.10 apound starting nextyear ." )

Input: -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air - passenger departure tax , and impose a $ 3 - a - person tax on international departures by commercial ships .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax ." , " -- impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures by commercial ships ." )

Input: The measure also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The measure also includes spending cuts ." , " The measure Also includes increases in federal fees ." )

Input: -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline - landing rights at New York 's LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports , O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and National Airport in Washington .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline-landing rights at New York 's LaGuardia Airport in Chicago ." , " -- Authority For the Federal aviation Administration to raised $ 236 million by charge fees for Commercial airline-Landing rights in New York , ." )

Input: -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators , ship stations and mobile radio facilities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators ." , " -- Raizing an additional million by Increasing existing Federal communications Commission fees or establishing new fee for ship stations .",'-- Ra Rising an additional$ 43 million By increasing existingFederal Communications Commission fee and establishing New fees for mobile radio facilities ." )

Input: I was laid off in August 1988 , and after a thorough and exhausting job search , was hired in August 1989 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was laid off in August 1988 ." , " I after a thorough job search , was hired in August 1989 ." )

Input: My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks in many companies ." , " My unemployment Insurance ran out Before I found an job ; I found layoffs in many company ." )

Input: The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date , certainly as an average for the Northeast , and possibly for the rest of the country .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , and if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller 's market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , it 's a seller 's market ." , " I think thing bothered me least about the pieces was that There seemed to Be an underlying attitudes to tell Your readers all Is well -- when you'm unemployed , it ... s a sellers 's Market ." )

Input: Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life ." , " Looking for the job is for most people ." )

Input: The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 ." , " The agency announced it will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade ." )

Input: The rating concern said Franklin 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary and the possible sale of other subsidiaries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rating concern said Franklin 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary ." , " The rating Concern said Franklin ... s troubled diverigation record in The securities business been one reason of the downgrade , citing the possible sale of other subsidiaries ." )

Input: Or is this an extraordinary buying opportunity , just like Oct. 19 , 1987 , eventually turned out to be ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here 's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here 's what several leading market experts say about Friday 's action , what happens next ." , " Here ... s what Several leading market analysts say about Thursday 's Action , what investors should do ." , , " This 's What several leading money managers say about Saturday'saction , what happen next ." )

Input: I 'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August and September , says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru and still a well - known newsletter writer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August , says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru ." , " I're the only person who saidThere would bean October massacre ) all through early August , according Mr.granville , still a well-known newsletter writer .",'I've the onlyOne who said There would be An October massacre , all through September , saysMr . Granille , once been a widely respected market guru . , " He'mThe only oneWho said there might be anOctober massacre , only through September -- says Mr. Granville ) still a Well-known Newsletter writer ." )

Input: Well , in some ways it is different , but technically it is just the same .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Well , in some ways it is different ." , " technically it is just the same ." )

Input: Right now they 're telling me to get the hell out and stay out .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Right now they 're telling me to get the hell out ." , " Right now we 're tell me to stay out ." )

Input: This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 and 1979 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 ." , " This wasan October massacre unlike those that occur in 1979 ." )

Input: So she thinks the damage will be short - lived and contained .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So she thinks the damage will be short-lived ." , " So she thought the damage Will be contained ." )

Input: Those corrections lasted one to four weeks and took the market 10%-12 % down , she says .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Those corrections lasted one to four weeks , she says ." , " Those corrections took the market 10%-12 % down , she said ." )

Input: She says that ratio could climb to 14.5 , given current interest rates , and still be within the range of fair value .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She says that ratio could climb to 14.5 , given current interest rates ." , " She says That ratio could still be within the range of fair value ." )

Input: But Mr. Davis , whose views are widely respected by money managers , says he expects no 1987 - style crash .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We will probably have a year - end rally , and then go down again .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We will probably have a year-end rally ." , " We will likely go down again ." )

Input: I do n't think that 's the case at all , says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I do n't think that 's the case at all , says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co .." , " I do N't think That 's The case at none , saysMr . CoOPerman , chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management ." )

Input: Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains , but he does n't think there 's any need to rush .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains ." , " he does n't think there 's any need to rush ." )

Input: I expect the market to open weaker Monday , but then it should find some stability .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I expect the market to open weaker Monday ." , " then it should find some stability ." )

Input: He ticks off several major differences between now and two years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And unlike 1987 , the economy does n't appear to be in any danger of overheating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the economy 's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits is n't good , he says .
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios , I would not do any buying .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If I had come into Friday on margin , I would not do any buying ." , " If I would come into Thursday with very little cash in the portfolios , I could not do Any buying ." )

Input: But we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio , so I would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio ." , " But I would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients ." )

Input: The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors and loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The explosion of junk bonds has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors ." , " The explosionof junk bonds have loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity ." )

Input: This has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has both made investors uneasy ." , " This has also made the corporations more vulnerable ." )

Input: It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community may try ." , " It takes More error nowto have a Major depression than Back in theThirties-much as a government may try . )

Input: These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue ." , " These sortsof takeovers are n't requiring big bank Loans to finance themselves , soMr . Gabella figures they Will continue ." )

Input: He thinks another crash is unlikely , and says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He thinks another crash is unlikely ." , " He says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge ." )

Input: It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University and former co - manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University ." , " It Seems to meThat this is this pin that had finally pricking the balloon ) says Mr. Rogers , former co-manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund ." )

Input: Dealers would give you a quote , but then refuse to make the trade .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dealers would give you a quote ." , " Dealers would refuse to make the trade ." )

Input: If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S .." , " If thedollar stays weak ) he says , that will make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much ." )

Input: Mr. Rogers wo n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London and Tokyo markets go .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Rogers wo n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London markets go ." , " Mr. Rog wo n ' decide whatto do today Until he sees How the Tokyo markets go , " )

Input: He recommends that investors sell takeover - related stocks , but hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He recommends that investors sell takeover-related stocks ." , " He recommends That investors hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness ." )

Input: Stock prices would still have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks , says Mr. Terrizzi , president and managing director of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stock prices would still have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks , says Mr. Terrizzi , president of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati ." , " stock prices would Still have to gone down some Additional amount while we become Positive on stocks ) says Mr. Terrizzo , managing director of Renaissance investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati . )

Input: Renaissance , which manages about $ 1.8 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year and thus missed a strong rally .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Renaissance , which manages about $ 1.8 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year ." , " issance , which managed about $ 2.8 million , draw stiff criticism by many clients Earlier this year Because it thus missed a strong rally ." )

Input: Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing , alleging :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment , alleging : " , " Regarding the October . 3letter to the editors from Rep. Tom LANTos , Chairman of theHouse Subcommittee on Housing , alleging : " )

Input: 1 . That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate and deliberately misleading .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 1 . That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate ." , " 1 . To that your September . 28 Editorial Kangaroo Committee was deliberately misleading ." )

Input: I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I thought your editorial was factually accurate ." , " I thought Your editorial was deliberately elucidative ." )

Input: As your editorial rightly pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , and Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As your editorial rightly pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment ." , " As Your editorial rightly noted out , Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , are Currently being held Up to scorn while taking the fifth Amendment ." )

Input: My colleagues and I fully realize we are not a court ... etc .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My colleagues understand we are not a court ... etc ." , " I fully realize we areNot a court . etc ." )

Input: By any reasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By any reasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos have a whole bunch of people tried ." , " By anyreasonable man criterion : Mr. Lantos has a whole handful of people convicted .",'By any unreasonable man criterion ) his colleagues have a lot bunch of person tried ." )

Input: But if his explanation of motivation is true , why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Why not simply questions designed to identify sources of waste ? " , " Why not precisely questions designed for identify causes of inefficiency ? " )

Input: Such as , what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats or whatever they supposedly cost ?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Such as , what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats ? " , " Such as , what happened When Congress wanted To know about whatever they supposedly cost ? " )

Input: 4 . That the Journal defends the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD , etc . and so forth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 4 . That the Journal defends the sleaze of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD , etc .." , " 4 . that the Journal justifies the sleazing of thepublic that tookplace while Mr. Pierce was Secretary of HUD ... so forth .",'4.That the Journal defended the fraud of the Public that tookPlace while Mr.- Pierce wasSecretary of HUD . etc .... so so forth , " , " 4 . That The Journal defends The waste of the people that took Place while Mr- Pierce was member of HUD ." , " 4 . To the Journal defend the embezzlement of the person that did place whileMr . Pierce is secretary of HHS , etc .... so such forth ." )

Input: No , to my mind , the Journal did not defend sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public trust ...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No , to my mind , the Journal did not defend sleaze ..." , " No , To my mind -- the Journal Did not defend fraud ......" , " No , to your mind , The Journal didNot defend waste ..." )

Input: it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards and practical common sense .
Prediction: COORDINATION("it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards ." , " it defended practical common sense ." )

Input: The problem , which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi - parliamentary\/judicial body .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The problem , which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , ." , " the problem , that the Journal thus rightly pointedout in a couple of article , is the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi-parliamentary\/judicial body ." )

Input: But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate ." )

Input: Thus , in a criminal case , a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant 's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness , thus forcing him to take the Fifth .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Supreme Court and some states have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Supreme Court have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause ." , " some states have specifically recognition that the Sixth Amendment doesNot preclude the inferred where theilege is claimed By a partyto a civil causes ." )

Input: Thus , in a civil case , a defendant may be called as a witness , he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth , and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thus , in a civil case , a defendant may be called as a witness , he may be forced to testify , and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter ." , " Thus , In a Civil case , he might be called into a witness ) , he could be forced of testify , or his takingof the Fifth might permit the draw of an negative inference against himself in the Civil matter ." )

Input: He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution ." , " He maytake the Fifthin a civil matters only if He has a justifiable belief that His testimony may Subject him to Criminal prosecution ." )

Input: Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter , but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter ." , " Allowing The defendant to taking the Fifthin a civil matters could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution ." )

Input: The subcommittee , Congress and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subcommittee , Congress have every right to draw the adverse inference ." , " The subcommittee ) Congress have Every right to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime .",'the subcommittee , the American public have every Right to draw a adverse inference . , " the subcommittee ) has every right in concur With Mr.ierce 's actual belief that His testimony could helped convict himof acrime ." )

Input: It was Friday the 13th , and the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It was Friday the 13th ." , " the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points ." )

Input: Or is triskaidekaphobia -- fear of the number 13 -- justified ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In academia , a so - called Friday the 13th effect has been set up and shot down by different professors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In academia , a so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up by different professors ." , " In academia ) a so ofcalled Fridaythe 13th effects has been shot down by different professor ." )

Input: Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert Kolb , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th ." , " Ricardo Rodriguez , professorsof finance at The University ofMiami , found indication that the marketplace is spooky by Fridaythe 13th , " )

Input: But their study , which spanned the 1962 - 85 period , has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the date tends to be a plus , not a minus , for stocks , according to Yale Hirsch , a collector of stock market lore .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a similar vein , he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash and Saturday 's full moon could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a similar vein , he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity ." , " In a related vein , his adds that Saturday 's full moon could have playing a part , too , In Friday 'S market activity . )

Input: reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated , some phone calls to market makers in over - the - counter stocks went unanswered .
Prediction: COORDINATION("reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted , some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered ." , " reminIScent of Those during the 1986 crash -- That as trading activity escalated , some telephone calls to Market makers in Over-the -counter stocks gone unanswered ." )

Input: Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York exchanges ." , " Whether unanswered telephone calls had no effect , daq stocks sinking far lessthan those on American exchanges ." )

Input: Nonetheless , the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever , diving 14.90 , or 3 % , to 467.29 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nonetheless , the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year , diving 14.90 , to 467.29 ." , " Nonetheless , The Nasdaq composite Index suffered the biggest point plunge of the years , diving 3 % , to 367.28.",'Nonetheless , its sixth worst ever , diving 15.90 , to 4 67.29 , " , " Nonetheless , its six worst ever ) , diving 2 % , to 467.29 ." )

Input: By comparison , the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday and the American Stock Exchange Composite fell 4 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By comparison , the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday ." , " By contrast , the American Stock Exchange composite fell 4 % ." )

Input: On Oct. 16 , 1987 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points , or 3.8 % , followed by its devastating 46.12 - point , or 11 % slide , three days later .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On Oct. 16 , 1987 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points , followed by its devastating 46.12-point slide , three days later ." , " On October . 16 , 1987 , The Nasdaq composite fell 16.18 points , followed by an devastating 11 % slide , two days later , " , " On Oct. 17 , 1987 ) the NasDAQ Composite fell 3.8 % , followed By its devastating 44.12 -point slide , three days Later ." , , " In Oct. 24 , 1987 -- the NasHK Composite fell 2.8 percentage , followed through its devastating 10 % slide ) three daysLater ." )

Input: Mr. King of Robinson - Humphrey and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. King of Robinson-Humphrey were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades ." , " others were quick To add that it believe the situation stemmed more than traders'ability to handle this volume of call , rather Than a deliberate attempts to avoid makes trades ." )

Input: The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market - making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market-making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers in the chaos of the crash ." , " The subject of Nasdaq or its market ofmaking companies ) which were strongly criticized two months ago following complains from investors that could n ' reach their trade in the Chaos of the collapse ." )

Input: There were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There were too many phones ringing to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots ." , " There too many things happening to expect Market makers to Be as efficient than robots ." )

Input: But , he added , you can only take one call at a time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply ." , " When selling occurs so frenzenied , Prices fall fast ." )

Input: But , with profits sagging on Wall Street since the crash , companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories ." , " that was the big culprit ." )

Input: Because Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre - crash levels , traders and OTC market officials hope the damage wo n't be permanent .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre-crash levels , traders hope the damage wo n't be permanent ." , " Because NasDAQ 's Trading volume has , n't return to pre -crash level , OTC market officials hope the devastation wo nt be permanent ? " )

Input: But they are worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big and small institutional investors , as well as individual investors and market makers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big institutional investors , as well as individual investors ." , " The sellers On Friday came From all cornersof the Otc market -- Big institutional investors , as well As market makers .",'The sellersOn Friday cameFrom all corners in the O TC market -- small institutional investors ) as wellAs individual investors . , " The sellers onFriday came from All corners of of the UTC market-small institutional Investors , as yet as market makers . )

Input: But grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares to 50,000 shares , compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shearson 's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to bargain - hunt .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shearson 's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday ." , " Shearson ... s Mr. DaPizzo said Retail investors never returned to bargain-hunt ." )

Input: We had a good amount of selling from institutions , but not as much panic , Mr. DaPuzzo said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We had a good amount of selling from institutions , Mr. DaPuzzo said ." , " We had not as much panic , Mr. DaPuffo said ..." )

Input: In addition , Mr. DaPuzzo said computer - guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 2000 small stocks and the Standard & Poor 's 500 - stock Index sent occasional waves through the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , or 19.76 , to 449.33 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , to 449.33 ." , " The NasDAQ 100 Index Of the largest Nonfinancial issues ) including the Big OTC Technology issues , Tumbled 19.76 , to449 . 33 ." )

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 % , or 9.31 , to 462.98 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance stocks dropped 2 % , or 9.31 , to 462.98 ." , " The NasDAQ Financial Index Of giant banking stocks dropped 3 % , nor 9.32 , to four62.96 ." )

Input: But they fell sharply .
Prediction: NONE

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications , for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests , and in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw Cellular Communications , for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests ." , " McCaw cellular Communications , in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular ." )

Input: McCaw lost 8 % , or 3 1\/2 , to 40 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw lost 8 % , to 40 ." , " McCaw lost 3 1\/2 , to 37 ." )

Input: LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 1\/2 , or 5 % , to 107 1\/2 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 1\/2 , or 5 % , to 107 1\/ 2 ." , " LIN Broadcasting )

Input: Among other OTC issues , Intel , dropped 2 1\/8 to 33 7\/8 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1\/8 to 19 1\/2 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 1\/4 to 10 1\/4 ; MCI Communications slipped 2 1\/4 to 43 1\/2 ; Apple Computer fell 3 to 45 3\/4 and Nike dropped 2 1\/4 to 66 3\/4 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Among other OTC issues , Intel , dropped 2 1\/8 to 33 7\/8 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1-8 to 19 1\/2 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 1 1\/4 to 10 1\/ 4 ." , " Among others OTC Issues , MCI Communications slipped 2 1-4 to 43 1\/ 2 ." )

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The key U.S. annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels ." , " The key United . S.-foreign annual interest rate below do n't always represent actual transactions ." )

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pension funds , insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pension funds said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout ." , " insurers said they begun scooping Up stocks duringFriday 's Market rout ." )

Input: And they plan to buy more today .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rightly or wrongly , many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rightly , many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off ." , " wrongly , many Giant institutional investors appears to beFighting the latest War by applying The lesson they Learned in theOctober 1987 crash ; Buying on the bottom paying off ." )

Input: They could still panic and bail out of the market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They could still panic ." , " They could still bail out of the market ." )

Input: But their 1987 performance indicates that they wo n't abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last time , we got rewarded for going out and buying stocks when the panic was the worst , said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago - based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last time , we got rewarded for going out when the panic was the worst , said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks ." , " Last time , we got reward for buying stocks when the Panic was the Worst , saidJohn W.Rog , president Of Chicago- based Ariel Capital management Inc. ) which manages more 1 . 1 billion of stock ." )

Input: I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- and I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- , said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn." , " I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , saiderick A. Morrison , presidentof Moran Asset management Inc. ) Greenwich , Conn." )

Input: Unlike mutual funds , which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unlike mutual funds , which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock ." , " Unlike mutual Funds , which are forced to selling stockholdINGS when investors rushed to withdraw cash , big Investors such as insurance companies can decide that ride out Market storms without JettisonING stock ." )

Input: The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long - term holders , and that they ca n't react to short - term events , good or bad , said Stephen L. Nesbitt , senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica , Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long-term holders , said Stephen L. Nesbitt , senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica , Calif." , " The last collapse taught institutional Investors that they ca n't react to short-term events , good , said Steve L.NesbITT , senior Vice president for The pension consultantsWilshire Associates In Santa Monica , Calif." )

Input: You could go down 400 points and still have a good year in the market , said James D. Awad , president of New York - based BMI Capital Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You could go down 400 points , said James D. Awad , president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp." , " You could still have a good year in the market , saidJames D.Awad , director ofNew York- based BMI Capital Co." )

Input: Mr. Awad , however , worries that the market could go down 800 or 900 points in the next few days .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Awad , however , worries that the market could go down 800 points in the next few days ." , " Mr. Awad , However , worries That the market might go down 900 points in this next few months ." )

Input: He said he discerns many parallels with 1987 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re - emergence of computerized program trading .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said he discerns many parallels with 1987 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks ." , " He said his discernsMany parallels with 1986 , including a re-emergence of computerized program trading ." )

Input: Not really insurance , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not really insurance , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices by selling waves of S&P futures contracts ." , " Not real insurance , This tactic was intended to generate an offsetting profit by selling wave of S & P futures contract ." )

Input: In its severest test , the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared and stock and futures prices became disconnected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its severest test , the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared ." , " In its Severest Test , the$ 60 billionof portfolio insuranceIn effect in that 1987 crash does n't worked , as futures prices became disconnected ." )

Input: We 're not making a killing , but we had a good day .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 're not making a killing ." , " we had a good day ." )

Input: Food and Drug Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Food Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore ." , " Drug Administration spokesmanJeff Nesbits said the Agency has turnedover evidence in an criminal investigation surrounding Vitarines Pharmaceuticals Ltd. To the U.S. attorney 's Office in Maryland ." )

Input: Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials or employees have been charged with any crimes .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials have been charged with any crimes ." , " Neither Vitarianine nor none of theSpring Gardens , n. Y. , company employees have been charge with any crime ." )

Input: Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Parine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine ." , " Parine acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests ." )

Input: But so far the company has n't complied with that request , the spokesman said .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bolar , the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General 's office of the Health and Human Services Department , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , Mr. Nesbit said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar , the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , Mr. Nesbit said ." , " Bolar , the subject by a criminal examination by the IRS , only declined to recall Two strengths of itself version of Munrodantzin as fardown as direct Customers , mostly wholesalealers , Mr. Nesbit noted .",'Bolar was the subject Of a criminal Investigation by the Inspector General 's office of the Health Services Department , only agreement to recallTwo strengths of the version of MetrodantIN as far Down as direct customer , mostly transformalers ) Mr. nesbit described ." , )

Input: Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram versions of the drug ." , " Bolar , of Copisague , New . Y. , earlier ended a voluntary Recall of both their 50 milligrame versions of The drug ." )

Input: The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management - controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management-controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders ." , " The eventual Court decision could becoming a landmarkIn Dutch corporate Law because the suit ASKO wants to file will be the very first to challenged the entire practice of companies issuance voting preferred Shares to manager-controlled trust to dilution voting powerof common stock holders ." )

Input: ASKO says the Dutch - based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ASKO says the Dutch-based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust ." , " ASKO says The Dutch- based international food manufacturer had n ' reasonable reasons to dilute the worth of ASKO ." , , " ASKO Says theDutch-based International food retailer wantedn't unreasonable grounds to dilution the worthof other shareholders ." , ' ASKO : the Dutch.-based internationalfood retailer had n't reasonable reasons of dilute its voting power of AS KO ." )

Input: A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position and the propriety of the preferred - share issue .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position ." , " A spokesman For Ahold declined his company at confident of the propriety of the preferred-share issue ." )

Input: Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican , but on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy - making .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker ." , " on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy-making ." )

Input: I 'd like to see that initiative , and I have n't .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'd like to see that initiative ." , " I have n't ." )

Input: But Mr. Butcher 's comments make one thing clear : Some on Wall Street wonder if anyone is in charge of economic policy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cuts are necessary because Congress and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a deficit - cutting bill .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The cuts are necessary because Congress have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill ." , " The cuts were necessary because the administration has failed to reached agreement on the deficit- cutting bill ." )

Input: We simply do n't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices , House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We simply do n't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit , House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press ." , " We simply Do n't has strong leadership To try to make tough choices , House budget Committee ChairmanLeon Panetta & LRB -D. , Fla. -&RRB-said yesterday On NBC News " s Meet The Press ." )

Input: -- For the last two weeks , the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi - public battle over international economic policy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- For the last two weeks , the Bush administration have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy ." , " -- For this last two week , the Federal Reserve have been engage in a Semi-public confrontation over international Economic policy ." )

Input: One of the things that continues to worry me is this monetary warfare between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve Board , said Lawrence Kudlow , a Bear , Stearns & Co. economist , on ABC 's This Week .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury and the White House over that decision .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury over that decision ." , " But he had since ran into opposition by the White House over that choice ." )

Input: And he has kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines , which includes a big stake by British Airways PLC .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then , as now , the budget debate was behind schedule and automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then , as now , the budget debate was behind schedule ." , " Now , automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold ." )

Input: And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax - writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous ." , " And worry about official action aimed at takeover -- Then by the Tax-writingHouse Means Committee Rather than the transportation Department -- are making markets nerves ." )

Input: The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration and Democratic lawmakers to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two - year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period ." , " The 1987 collapse brought Democratic lawmakers to thetable for the First budget summit ) resulting in an two-month plan to reducing the deficit By more than$ 76 billion-even though it actually rose By nearly $ 12 billion duringThat period ." )

Input: But , barring further drops in the market this week , a similar outcome does n't seem likely this year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lawmakers and administration officials agree that Friday 's drop , by itself , is n't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit - reduction agreement that would be more serious and more far - reaching than last spring 's gimmick - ridden plan , which still is n't fully implemented .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawmakers agree that Friday 's drop , by itself , is n't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit-reduction agreement that would be more serious than last spring 's gimmick-ridden plan , which still is n 's fully implemented ." , " Lawmakers agreed that Friday ... s drop ) by itself -- is n ' enough to strain both sides Back to the Table to try at reach a surplus-reducing agreement that might be more far-reaching than last summer 's gadget-ridden Plan , which Still is n- fully implemented . , " administration officials agree that Saturday 's dropped , by themselves , is n't enough for force both side back to to thetable to try trying to reach an deficit-ringuction agreement That would be less serious than Last spring 'S gimmick-iddled plan , who still is inn't fully implemented ..." , " Administration officials agree That Friday'sis drop , By itself , was n't sufficient to force either sides back into the tableto try to reached a deficit ofreduction Agreement that would also be more Far-reachingthan last spring ... s gimmick ofridden plan , which still remainsn't Fully implemented ." )

Input: One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 1987 , the economy and the market can survive a one - day 508 - point tumble .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 1987 , the economy can survive a one-day 508-point tumble ." , " One of The biggest reasons That new talks were n't Likely to comeAbout is that , as everyone noted in 1987 ) the market can survivea one- day 508 millionpoint tumble . )

Input: But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president to take a much harder look at fiscal policy ." , " But administration Officials privately agree With Mr. Panetta , which said a plungeitous drop This week isGoing to force Congress to takea much harder Look at fiscal Policy ." )

Input: There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit and that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be-that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit , said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- ." , " There is An underlying concern On the partof the American person -- and then should be -- that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , saidSenate Finance Committee chairman Lloyd Benteden -SRB-D.,Texas -RR B- ." )

Input: Nevertheless , it clearly will take more than Friday 's 190 - point decline to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and White House Budget Director Richard Darman over the capital - gains fight .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital - gains cut was part of April 's budget accord and his insistence on combining it with the deficit - reduction legislation .
Prediction: COORDINATION("Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April 's budget accord ." , " Hill Democrats are especially angry over his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation ." )

Input: There is no prospect of any so - called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation ." , " There is n't prospect of Any so.called grand deal next year Because the administration merely did nt live upto this year ... s deal ) Senate Majority leader George Mitchell --LRB-D. ) Maine -&B- added yesterday onCBS News 'S Face theNation ." )

Input: During last week 's maneuverings on the deficit - cutting bill and the capital - gains issue , there were signs that Senate Republicans and the administration were at odds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During last week 's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill , there were signs that Senate Republicans were at odds ." , " During last Week 's maneuings on that issue , there had signs that the administration were At odds ." )

Input: Friday 's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit - reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thursday 's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House versions of the deficit-reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest ." , " Friday 's Market tumble could curb action on reconcileing the Senate versions of The deficit-ringuction measure ) a process That is n ' expected to beginning until tomorrow At the soonEST ." )

Input: Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit ." , " Senate Republicans stated the hope That the House Would follow the follow of theSenate , which On Friday agreedto drop a range of tax breaks that would Have increased the Fiscal 1990 deficit , " )

Input: The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction , and the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- . said yesterday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- . said yesterday ." , " the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudmann -LRR- R. , n. H. -RR B- . added yesterday ." )

Input: The White House Office of Management and Budget , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm - Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House - passed deficit - reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The White House Office of Management , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion ." , " The WhiteHouse Office of Budget , whose calculation determine whether The Gramm.-Rudmann targets are meet , estimated That the House ofpassed surplus-reducing measure would Cut the fiscal1990 shortfall by a 6 . 2 billion , Almost half of The Congressional Budget office 's estimation of $ 11.0 million ." )

Input: Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across - the - board cuts , but added : We 're getting very close to the margins here .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts ." , " Rep. Panetta added : We 're getting very close to the margins here ." )

Input: But some players were quick to seize the moment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital - gains tax cut , Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance , but I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut ." , " I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others ." )

Input: The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following U.S. Treasury offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :

Input: $ 15.2 billion of three - month and six - month bills .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 15.2 billion of three-month bills ." , " $ 15 . 2 billion of six-month bill ." )

Input: $ 68,230,000 of various bonds , including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 68,230,000 of various bonds , including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 1989A , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group ." , " $ 68,230,000 of certain bonds , Including $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B , via A Morgan Stanley & Co. Group ." )

Input: University of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey --
Prediction: COORDINATION(" University of Medicine of New Jersey -- " , " University of Dentistry of New York -- " )

Input: West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development And Tourism Authority --
Prediction: COORDINATION(" West Virginia Parkways Authority -- " , " West Virginia Economic Development Authority --

Input: $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 640 million of gas revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group ." , " $ 640 billion of electric revenue refundING bonds , through a FirstBoston group ." )

Input: Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend , but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend ." , " most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach .",'most said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market ." )

Input: But he 's not so sure about everyone else .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell , predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic , predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit ." , " I think in Monday the smaller -LINRB- Investors -RRBN- areGoing to Panic , predictedMr . Sullivan , whose investments also include several mutual funds .",'I think On Monday the Small -LDB- investors --RRB-are going going to sell , predicted him . Sullivan ) whose investments including AMR Inc. 'S American Airlines subsidiary ." , , " I think on Tuesday the small --LRB -RRb- are Going to sell ) predicted Mr. Sullivan , his investments include several Mutual funds ." )

Input: And I think institutions are going to come in and buy ...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I think institutions are going to come in ..." , " And I thought institutions areGoing to buy ..." )

Input: Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one - third of its value following the Black Monday crash , but no one got discouraged , and we gained that back -- and more .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash , but no one got discouraged , and we gained that back -- and more ." , " Mrs. Crump said its Ashwood investment Club 'S portfolio lost almost one-half of itsValue following the black Monday crash )

Input: But Robert Showalter , an official of the association , said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors'clubs are planned .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Robert Showalter , an official of the association , said no special bulletins of the investors'clubs are planned ." , " But Robert showalter , an official ofthe association , added no emergency meetings of the Investors'clubs were planned ." )

Input: Not everyone is reacting so calmly , however , and many wonder about the long - term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy - out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not everyone is reacting so calmly , however ." , " many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines ." )

Input: Sara Albert , a 34 - year - old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it .
Prediction: COORDINATION("ara Albert , a 34-year-old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market that seems to fuel it ." , " Sara Albert , A 34-century-oldDallas law student ) says she ... s generally shittish About the takeover activity that seems that fuel it . )

Input: I have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises but there 's no foundation to it .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises ." , " there 's no foundation to it ." )

Input: She and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock ." , " her husband pulled mostof their investmentsout of the Market after the 1986 crash , Although she still employs some Texac stock ." )

Input: Partly because of concern about the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Partly because of concern about the economy , I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid ." , " Part partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , I thought at thispoint we want already be a whole more liquid ? " )

Input: Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash and , to his regret , never went back even as the market soared .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash ." , " Mr. Greenberg , to his regret , never went back even as the market soared ." )

Input: Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds ." )

Input: Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat like they were two years ago , says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm ." , " Discount brokerage customers are been on the market not whole hog Like they were twice years ago ) says Leslie Q Jr. ) chairman of The Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firms ." )

Input: But it 's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alan Helfman , general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said he and his mother have some joint stock investments , but the overall economy is his chief worry .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Alan Helfman , general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said he have some joint stock investments , but the overall economy is his chief worry ." , " Alan Helfman , general sales officer of a Dodge dealership inHouston , said his mother has some joint Stock investments , ." )

Input: And I can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow ." , " And Ican tell you That a high Roller is n ' going to buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati ." )

Input: And , finally , there were the gloaters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everything , said Pascal Antori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Everything , said Pascal Antori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago ." , " Everything , he said PascalAntori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractors who was stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office ." )

Input: Compaq Computer Corp. 's long - awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , and on a swarm of promising start - ups .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq Computer Corp. 's long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , ." , " Compaq computer Corp. 's longer-awaited admission today into this notebook field has expected to on a swarm of promising start-ups ." )

Input: One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard - sized computer called a notepad , and two others have introduced even smaller palmtops .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard-sized computer called a notepad ." , " two others have introduced even smaller palmtops ." )

Input: But those machines are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But those machines are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a munchkin could love to match ." , " But those Machines are still consider novelties ) with screens to match , " )

Input: Analysts say they 're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts say they 're faster than anything else of their size on the market ." , " They 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 ." )

Input: All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds ." , " All of This comes in this machine that fits comfortably into most briefcases ." )

Input: In recent months , Compaq 's competition , including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months , Compaq 's competition , including Zenith all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same as that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly ." , " In recent month , Compiq 's Competition , includingZenith all has introduced portable that arecalled notebooks -- Perhaps misleadingly- " , " In recent months -- Compaq ... s competition ) including Toshiba Corp. all have introduce portables That weigh approximately The same -- perhaps misleadingingly ." )

Input: Instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface , an electronic pen and the ability to read block printing .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface , an electronic pen ." , " Instead of the keyboard , It features the ability to read block printing ." )

Input: At 4 1\/2 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named , but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At 4 1\/2 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named ." , " it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth ." )

Input: Atari Corp. 's Portfolio , introduced in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September , weighs less than a pound , costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries , yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Atari Corp. 's Portfolio , introduced in Europe two months ago , weighs less than a pound , costs a mere $ 400 , yet has the power to run some spreadsheets programs ." , " Atari Co. 'S Portfolio , introduced in European two months earlier , weighed less than an pound , yet does the power of run some word processing programs ." )

Input: Poquet Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 and other sophisticated software programs , but costs five times as much .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Poquet Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1-2-3 software programs ." , " Poquet computer Corp. ) meanwhile , had introduced a Much more sophisticated Palmtop that costs five times as much ." )

Input: Whether it 's $ 5 billion or $ 3.5 billion , it does n't matter .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether it 's $ 5 billion , it does n't matter ." , " Whether it may be $ 3.5 billion , they does n ' matter ." )

Input: Size and weight considerations also have limited screen displays .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Size considerations also have limited screen displays ." , " weight considerations also include limited screen display ." )

Input: Toward that end , experts say the real battle will take place between center - stage players like Toshiba , Zenith and now Compaq .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start - up firms like Dynabook Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq 's , uses an Intel 286 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq.s , uses an Intel 286 microprocessor ." , " Compaq ... s New machines were considered a Direct threat to begin-up companies like Dynabyte Inc. ) which introduced In June aComputer that , Like Compaq.s , has a hard disk drive ." )

Input: But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq 's .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy than Compaq 's ." , " But The Dynabuck product costs more than Compaqu 's . )

Input: Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith , which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market but recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie . des Machines Bull , the French government - owned computer maker .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith , which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market ." , " Compaq , which recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie . des Machines Bull , the French government-owned computer maker ." )

Input: Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share and sales .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share ." , " Zenith holders may vote inDecember on theprop $ 6 35 million sale ) a price That could slip Because it is slated to ZenITH 's sales ." )

Input: Rod Canion , Compaq 's president and chief executive officer , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two - inch floppy disk , whereas Compaq 's new machines use the more common 3 1\/2 - inch disk .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rod Canion , Compaq 's president , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk , whereas Compaq ... s new machines use the more common 3 1\/2-inch disk ." , " Rod CanION , Compiq 's chief executive officer , notes pointingly thatZenith'm $ 2,000 MinISPort usesan unconventional two , inch floppy disks , whereascompaq ' 's new machines Use the more familiar 3 1-2- inches disk ." )

Input: I ca n't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq and a stopper for everyone else , says Gene Talsky , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I ca n't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq , says Gene Talsky , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc." , " I ca N't imagine That you ' will talk to someone who wo you't tell You this is a stopper for everyone else , saysGene Talski , president Of Professional Marketing management Inc." )

Input: Compaq 's machines include the 3 1\/2 - inch floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only 1\/4 - inch thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq 's machines include the 3 1\/2-inch floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only 1\/4-inch thick , and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine ." )

Input: Others undoubtedly will follow , but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six - month lead on the competition .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Others undoubtedly will follow ." , " most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition ." )

Input: Toshiba 's line of portables , for example , features the T-1000 , which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory , and the T-1600 , which also uses a 286 microprocessor , but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Toshiba 's line of portables , for example , features the T-1000 , which is in the same weight class , but which is much slower than the size ." , " Toshiba ... s lineof portables ) for example -- features the C-1600 , which also uses a 286 microprocessor , But which weighs almost twice as much as much ." , , " Doshiba ' 's line of Portables , For example , feature the T.-1000 , who is in this weight class -- but which was three times the size of ." )

Input: A third model , marketed in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990 , but by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A third model , marketed in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990 ." , " by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players ." )

Input: International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market and shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market ." , " International business Machines Corp. , analysts says , shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon ." )

Input: Honeywell Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell Inc. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space ." , " International Business Machines Corp. receivedAir Force contracts for develop integrated circuit for use out space ." )

Input: Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million , and IBM 's $ 68.8 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million ." , " IBM 's $ 68.8 million ." )

Input: The index , which registered 156.8 at the end of September , has a base of 100 set in 1983 and is n't seasonally adjusted .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The index , which registered 156.8 at the end of September , has a base of 100 set in 1983 ." , " The index , which registered 155.8 in the endof September , is n't seasonally adjusted ." )

Input: Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % ." )

Input: Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier and were up 0.4 % from the previous month , the Bank of Japan announced Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier , the Bank of Japan announced Friday ." , " Japan 'S wholesale prices for September were up 0.4 % from the previous month , the Board of Japan announcing Friday ." )

Input: And among the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Edison Co. and Niagara Mohawk Power Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , Westinghouse Electric Corp. , Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp. , the big insurer .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , the big insurer ." , " Other major issues hit highs included Westinghouse Electric Corp. , which , the Big insurer ." )

Input: Other new lows included Navistar International Corp. , Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other new lows included Navistar International Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average ." , " Other new highs included Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , allof which are Included in the Industrial average ." )

Input: Shares of Rally 's Inc. , an operator of fast - food restaurants , closed at $ 17 each , up from its $ 15 offering price and shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. , a health - care consultant , closed at $ 14.125 , up from its $ 12 offering price .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of Rally 's Inc. , an operator of fast-food restaurants , closed at $ 17 each , up from its $ 15 offering price ." , " shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. Ltd. , a health-care consultant , closed at $ 14.125 , up From its $ 12 offering Price ." )

Input: Jaguar , the London Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions , the company said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jaguar , the London Stock Exchange are being notified of the transactions , the company said ." , " Jaguar , The U.S. Securities Commission are being notify of the transaction , the man said ." )

Input: That 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares to enhance the collateral backing their loans ." , " That'm because their broker can require they to put up more cash to enhance their collateral backing Their loans ." )

Input: But some big brokerage firms said they do n't expect major problems as a result of margin calls .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , but reasonable , a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said ." , " Margin calls Since Friday have Been reasonable , a guy for She Carson LehmanHutton Inc. said ." )

Input: The Garden City , N.Y. , car - rental company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit , Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways unit and Midway Airlines at the end of this year .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Garden City , N.Y. , car-rental company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit at the end of this year ." , " The GardenCity , N.Y. ) car-rolal company added it wo N't renew contract with Pan Am Corp. 'S Pan American World Airways unit at this year , " , " The Garden City , N.y . , automobile-rentAL company said It wo nt renew contracts With Midway Airlines at the beginning of this years ." )

Input: But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and Delta Air Lines .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit ." , " But it remained involved in program with Delta Air Lines ." )

Input: Industry estimates put Avis 's annual cost of all five programs at between $ 8 million and $ 14 million .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs ." , " A spokesman of Avis said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total ." )

Input: Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , and National Car Rental Systems Inc. , of Minneapolis , both said they had no plans to follow suit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , , both said they had no plans to follow suit ." , " National Car Rental Systems Inc. , in Minneapolis , both added they had No plans to followed suit ." )

Input: In fact , Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent - flier miles and fliers can get car - rental discounts .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact , Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent-flier miles ." , " In fact , Budget indicated itself saw some benefits to staying active in these Programs , in Which fliers can get car-rental discounts ." )

Input: I can not see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget 's programs , said Bob Wilson , Budget 's vice president , marketing planning .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I can not see how this news by Hertz can not benefit Budget 's programs , said Bob Wilson , Budget ... s vice president , marketing planning ." , " I can Not see how This news by Avis can not Benefit Budget 'S programs , more Bob Wilson , Budget ' 's vice president , marketing planning- " )

Input: Northwest and Midway are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Northwest are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements ." , " Midway are two terms the five airline with which budget has agreements . )

Input: National also participates in the Northwest frequent - flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta and USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta and USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit ." )

Input: A month ago , Hertz , of Park Ridge , N.J. , said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta , America West and Texas Air Corp. 's Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines , and that pacts with American Airlines , UAL Inc 's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A month ago , Hertz , of Park Ridge , N.J. , said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta , , and that pacts with American Airlines also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 ." , " A month earlier , Hertzig , of park Ridge , n. J. , said That it would dropped its marketing agreement at year stop with Delta , and that Pacts with UAL Inc 's United Airlines also could be ended -- sometime after December . 31 , " , " A month ago , Hertz , of Park ridge , N.J. ) said that It would drop the marketing agreements in year end With Delta , but that puffs with USAir also would been ended ... ometime after Dec. 31 ." )

Input: At the time , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the time , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million ." , " At the once , HertZ said that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million ." )

Input: Analysts and competitors , however , doubt the numbers were that high .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts , However , doubt the numbers were that high ." , " competitors , however , doubt that numbers were That high ." )

Input: Robert D. Cardillo , Avis vice president of marketing , said , The proliferation and costs attached to -LCB- frequent - flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert D. Cardillo , Avis vice president of marketing , said , The proliferation attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value ." , " Robert D. Cardillo , Avis Vice president of Marketing , said : The costs attached to USLCB.- frequent-ferlier programs --RCB & have significantly reduced their value ? " )

Input: This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis , said Charles Finnie , car - rental industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This year has been difficult for both Hertz , said Charles Finnie , car-rental industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons ." , " This Year has been tough for both Avis , saidCharles Finnie , car-lettal Industry analyst atAlex . Brown & Sons ." )

Input: They 've been looking to get their costs down , and this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They 've been looking to get their costs down , he said ." , " this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he added ." )

Input: I have every intention of making this the best possible show and having it run one hour is the best way to it , said Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have every intention of making this the best possible show , said Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August ." , " having it run one hour is the best way to it , said rod Perth , which was named Vice president oflate night entertainment In August ." )

Input: But CBS News will extend its four - hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes and begin at 1:30 a.m.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes ." , " But CBSNews will begin at 1:30 a.m." )

Input: The show , despite a promising start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Nightline on ABC - TV , a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The show , despite a promising start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co .." , " The show , despite a promise start , had slipped badly into the weekly rating as compiled By A.c . NielsenCo . , ending far below Nightline on ABC-TV , aUnit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc." )

Input: Tandem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: COORDINATION("andem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 ." , " andem ComputERS Inc. , preparing to battle with International business Machines Corp. for apiece of themainframe business ) said it expected to post more earnings for its Fiscal fourth quarter end Sept. 29 ." )

Input: Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION("andem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million ." , " andem said It expects to Report earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share ." )

Input: In the year - earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , on revenue of $ 383.9 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , on revenue of $ 383.9 million ." )

Input: Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million ." , " Analysts Have predicted that CupertINO , Calif. , Company will report earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share ." )

Input: Tandem makes fault - tolerant computers -- machines with built - in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges , networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges ." , " Tandem making fault-Tolerant Comput -- machines without built-IN backup systems ... that run networks of automatic tellers .",'Tandem sees fault-toolerant computer -- machines With built-out backup systems-that run other complex computer systems ." )

Input: But Mr. Treybig questions whether that will be enough to stop Tandem 's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions that large organizations previously sought from Big Blue 's machines .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The answer is n't price reductions , but new systems , he said .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The answer is n't price reductions , he said ." , " The answer ofn't new systems , he added ." )

Input: It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit and it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit ." , " it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar ." )

Input: The resulting decline in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The resulting decline in interest rates could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy ." , " The subsequent decline in the value of the dollar could reinvanigorateAmerican business -- Indeed , the whole economy ." )

Input: Its spasms ca n't be traced to fundamental business conditions , nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its spasms ca n't be traced to fundamental business conditions ." , " nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy ." )

Input: Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth , damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth ." , " Sharply declining stock prices damage business confidence .",'Sharply selling stock prices discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance ." )

Input: But if the stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But if the stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates may well dominate ." , " But if The stock market continues to plummet ) the beneficial effect of a lower dollar may well prevail ." )

Input: But the experience of the 1987 crash suggests the Fed is likely to bring down short - term interest rates in its effort to calm markets .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That was n't the case in 1987 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was n't the case in 1987 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S .." , " That was n't the question in 1987 , when thedollar was so strong that some government officials seriously worriedThat it might collapsed , producing concern among foreign investor and diminishing their flow ofForeign capital to The U.s .." )

Input: Another big difference between 1987 and 1989 is n't so comforting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly and for a short period of time , recalls Mr. Zarnowitz , a longtime student of business cycles .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly , recalls Mr. Zarnowitz , a longtime student of business cycles ." , " Consumer spending does drop in that months followingBlack Monday 1987 ... but only for a short period of time , recallsMr . Zarnowitz , a longtimestudent of business cycle ." )

Input: -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe than some had feared or expected ." , " -LCBG- The effect -RCH- were less prolonged than some expected ." )

Input: Today , he frets , exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week and if consumers retrench in reaction .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today , he frets , exports may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week ." , " Today , they frets -- exports may being insufficient to picked up this slack if consumers retrench in reaction .",'Today , his frets )

Input: But , in the process , the Fed risks reigniting inflation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even before Friday 's events , Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets , banks and highly leveraged corporations .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even before Friday 's events , Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets ." , " Even before Thursday 's event , HarvardUniversity economist Benjamin Mayer was arguing That the FedWon't been able to lived up to his tough words On eliminating inflation Because of its responsible to protect highly leveraged corporations ." )

Input: The economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses , consumers and foreign investors .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses ." , " The economy did , however ) depend onthe confidence of consumers ." )

Input: A 190 - point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A 190-point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though ." , " It will ." )

Input: And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash and the subsequent Depression .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash ." , " two years ago ) about the entire point of compare was the subsequent Depression ." )

Input: This could be the first of five or six down quarters .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This could be the first of five down quarters ." , " This Could be the last of six down quarters , " )

Input: Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging and housewares .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging wares ." , " Though Dow had aggressively diversifying into specialty chemical , the firm still has one big stake on polyethylENE , which are used in housewares ." )

Input: Analysts'third - quarter estimates for the Midland , Mich. , company are between $ 3.20 a share and $ 3.30 a share , compared with $ 3.36 a year ago , when profit was $ 632 million on sales of $ 4.15 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better , says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You will find the commodities off more than the others about even , says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst ." , " You will finding the commodities Off more than each others about slightly better , saysJames Wilbur )

Input: Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments , fibers and polymers .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments ." , " Du PontCo . is believed to haveHad steady profit Growth in fibers .",'Du Pont Corp. was thought to has had steady Profit growth in polymers ." )

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share , on sales of $ 7.99 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share , on sales of $ 7.99 billion ." )

Input: Monsanto Co. , too , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe and the western U.S ..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Munanto Co. , too , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe ." , " Munant Co. )

Input: Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year , but Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989 .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year ." , " Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989 ." )

Input: Most estimates for Monsanto run between $ 1.70 and $ 2 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A year ago , the company posted third - quarter profit of $ 116 million , or $ 1.67 a share , on sales of $ 2.02 billion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A year ago , the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million , or $ 1.67 a share , on sales of $ 2.02 billion ." )

Input: But the commodity - chemical producers are caught on the downside of a pricing cycle .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By some accounts on Wall Street and in the industry , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By some accounts on Wall Street , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand ." , " by some accounts in the industry , the Inventory reductions are nearly an end ) which may Presage firer demand ." )

Input: But doubters say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early 1990s .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene , whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shimont faces lower prices for its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply ." , " Shimont facing lower prices by its mainst product , Polypropylene , while it moves forward with this heavy capital Investment program to develop new uses for polypropane , whose markets include the packaging industries .",'Shimont faced lower prices while it went forward with an heavy capital exploration program to formulate new uses of polypropaldehyde , whose centers include the automobile industries ." )

Input: At Quantum Chemical Corp. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene , higher debt costs and the idling of an important plant due to an explosion .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Quantum Chemical Corp. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene ." , " At Quantumchemical Corp. , New York ) The trouble is higher debt costs .",'At Quantum chemical Corp. ) The problem is the idling of an important plant due to an explosion ." )

Input: But the estimates range from break - even to 35 cents a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , Quantum earned $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter , Quantum earned $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million ." )

Input: Another big polyethylene producer , Union Carbide Corp. , is expected to post profit of between $ 1 a share and $ 1.25 , compared with $ 1.56 a share a year earlier , when the company earned $ 213 million on sales of $ 2.11 billion .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont , Quantum and Union Carbide all declined to comment .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shimont all declined to comment ." , " Quantum all declined To comment ." )

Input: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non - U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. capital markets , with terms manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : " , " The following Were among Friday ... s offerings or pricings In the U.S. Capital markets , With syndicate manager , As compiled by dow Jones Capital Market Report : , " The following were Among Friday ' 's offerings and pricedings in non-U.S. capital markets , with terms management , as compile by DowJones Capital Markets Reports : , ' Among Friday ... 's offerings or pricedings In non-American . capital Markets , with syndicate person , as compiling by Dowji Capital Markets report : )

Input: Rated single - A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single - A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the non - callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets ." , " single- A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , The non-Callable issue has be soldThrough underwriters leading by Merrill Merrill Capital Markets . )

Input: Rated Baa-1 by Moody 's and triple - B - plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated Baa-1 by Moody 's , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co." , " triple-B-plus by S&P , the question will be sell through underwriter led byMorgan Stanley & Mr." )

Input: Among classes for which details were available , yields ranged from 8.78 % , or 75 basis points over two - year Treasury securities , to 10.05 % , or 200 basis points over 10 - year Treasurys .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Among classes for which details were available , yields ranged from 8.78 % or 75 basis points over two-year Treasury securities , to 10.05 % over 10-year Treasurys ." , " Among classes For which details Were available , yield ranged from eight.78%- or 75er points overTwo-yearasury securities , as 200 basis points Over 10-term TreasURys ." )

Input: The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest - only and principal - only securities .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest-only securities ." , " The agency ... s first strip issue , secured by FreddieMac 8 % stocks pooled into the single security Called a Giant ) will be split into principal-only stocks ." )

Input: Freddie Mac said the principal - only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Freddie Mac said the principal-only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years ." , " Freddie Mac told Freddie Mac that the principal of only securities Were priced at58 1\/ 4 to yield eight.45 percentage , assuming a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model ." )

Input: There were no major Eurobond or foreign bond offerings in Europe Friday .
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There were no major Eurobond offerings in Europe Friday ." , " There were No major foreign bond offerings in European Friday ." )

