Input: But while the New York Stock Exchange did n't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('The New York Stock Exchange did n't fall apart Friday . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the final hour . ','The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it -- . ' ) , ' But -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos . ' ))

Input: Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test , traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Some circuit breakers failed their first test . ' , ' , Some circuit breakers were installed after the October 1987 crash . ' ) , ' This is what traders say , unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures . ' )

Input: The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort -- once again could n't handle the selling pressure . ','Last resort were criticized after the 1987 crash . ' ) , ' The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort were criticized after the 1987 crash . ' )

Input: Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL , AMR , BankAmerica , Walt Disney , Capital Cities / ABC , Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was UAL . ' , ' , Seven Big Board stocks -- AMR , BankAmerica , Walt Disney , Capital Cities / ABC , Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading . ' ) , ' , Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL , AMR , BankAmerica , Walt Disney , Capital Cities / ABC , Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- never resumed . ' )

Input: Many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on a warm autumn day . ' , CO / LIST('Many money managers had already left their offices early Friday afternoon . ' , ' , Some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon . ' ) , ' The stock market was so quiet . ' ))

Input: Then in a lightning plunge , the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 190.58 - point , or 6.9 % , loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the day in gargantuan trading volume . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was then in a lightning plunge . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 190.58-point , or 6.9 % , loss . ','The Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year , chalking up a 6.9 % , loss . ' )) )

Input: In percentage terms , however , the Dow 's dive was the 12th - worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83 , or 8 % , a week after Black Monday .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was however . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in percentage terms . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The Dow 's dive was the 12th-worst ever . ','The Dow 's dive was the sharpest . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was after Black Monday . ','The market fell 156.83 , or 8 % , a week . ' )) ))

Input: Shares of UAL , the parent of United Airlines , were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy - out of the airline by an employee - management group .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('UAL was the parent of United Airlines . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was by an employee-management group . ' , ' , Shares of UAL were extremely active all day Friday , reacting to news and rumors . ' )) )

Input: Wall Street 's takeover - stock speculators , or risk arbitragers , had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('Wall Street 's takeover-stock speculators had placed unusually large bets . ','Risk arbitragers , had placed unusually large bets . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('A takeover would succeed . ','UAL stock would rise . ' ))

Input: And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group could n't get financing for its bid .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for its bid . ','The UAL group could n't get financing . ' ))

Input: Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('Arbitragers could n't dump their UAL stock . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('They rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock . ','They had nearly every rumor stock . ' ))

Input: For example , their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group , which closed down 3 7/8 to 41 1/2 , Delta Air Lines , which fell 7 3/4 to 69 1/4 , and Philips Industries , which sank 3 to 21 1/2 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for example . ','Their selling caused trading halts . ' ) , ' This was to be declared in USAir Group , Delta Air Lines , and Philips Industries . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Phillips Industries sank 3 to 21 1/2.','USAir Group closed down 3 7/8 to 41 1/2 . ' ))

Input: But as panic spread , speculators began to sell blue - chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Panel spread . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(CO / LIST('But , speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris . ','But , speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as International Business Machines . ' ) , ' This was to offset their losses . ' ))

Input: Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , trading was temporarily halted in Chicago .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was under an agreement . ' , CO / LIST('An agreement was signed by the Big Board . ','An agreement was signed by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange . ' ) , ' Trading was temporarily halted in Chicago . ' ))

Input: After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago , waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board , and specialists continued to notch prices down .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / SPATIAL('This was after the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago . ','Ways of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This was after the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago . ' , ' , Specialists continued to notch prices down . ' ))

Input: As a result , the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was as a result . ' , CO / LIST('The link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart . ','The link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart . ' ))

Input: This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading , stock index arbitrage , that closely links the futures and stock markets , and has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Program trading was stock index arbitrage . ','This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading . ' ) CO / LIST('One form of program trading closely links the futures and stock markets . ','One form of program trading has been blamed by some for the market 's big swings . ' ))

Input: -LRB- In a stock - index arbitrage sell program , traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference . -RRB-
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in a stock-index arbitrage sell program . ','Traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks . -RRB- . ' ) SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in futures . ','Traders offset the trade . ' ) , ' This was to lock in a price difference . ' ))

Input: But stocks kept falling .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I just think it 's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('It 's nonproductive at this point . ','This was to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things . ' ))

Input: Under another post - crash system , Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter - exchange hot line to the other exchanges , the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Richard Grasso was Big Board President . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Phelan was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was under another post-crash system . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was to the other exchanges . ','This was to the Securities and Exchange Commission . ','This was to the Federal Reserve Board . ' ) , ' Richard Grasso -LRB- Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter-exchange hot line . ' )) ))

Input: He camped out at a high - tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board , where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the floor of the Big Board . ','He camped out at a high-tech nerve center . ' ) , ' He could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders . ' )

Input: At about 3:30 p.m. EDT , S&P futures resumed trading , and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was at about 3:30 p.m. EDT . ' , ' , S&P futures resumed trading . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was at about 3:30 p.m. EDT . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for a brief time . ','The futures and stock markets started to come back in line . ' )) )

Input: But the build - up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market , and the link with stocks began to fray again .
Prediction: CO / LIST('But the build-up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with stocks . ','But the link with stocks began to fray again . ' ))

Input: At about 3:45 , the S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down , and trading was locked again .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was at about 3:45.','The S&P market careened to still another limit , of 30 points down . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was at about 3:45.','Trading was locked again . ' ))

Input: The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 and that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the release cautioned . ' , CO / LIST('That there are significant differences between the current environment . ','That there are significant differences between that of October 1987 and that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market . ' ))

Input: And I think a lot of people will harp on program trading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there were no buyers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At those levels , stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers , who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall , and simultaneously sell off stocks .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was at those levels . ' , ' , Stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is by buying futures when futures prices fall . ','Index arbitragers lock in profits , and simultaneously sell off stocks . ' ))

Input: But nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The de - linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was about . ','The de-linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate . ' ))

Input: But the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But specialists complain privately that just as in the 1987 crash , the upstairs firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday 's blood - letting .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what specialists complain privately . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was during Friday 's blood-letting . ','Just as in the 1987 crash , the upstairs firms -- big investment banks -- stayed on the sidelines . ' ) , ' Big investment banks support the market by trading big blocks of stock . ' ))

Input: Mr. Phelan said , It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying and selling Friday .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Phelan was Mr .. ' , SUB / PURPOSE('Phelan said , It will take another day or two . ','This was to analyze who was buying and selling Friday . ' ))

Input: Concerning your Sept. 21 page - one article on Prince Charles and the leeches : It 's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom .
Prediction: CO / LIST ( ' : It is concerned your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles and the leeches . ' , SUB / CAUSE('It 's a few hundred years . ','England has been a kingdom . ' ))

Input: It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , comprising Wales , Northern Ireland , Scotland , and ... oh yes , England , too .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is too . ' , CO / LIST('It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland . ','It 's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland , including Wales , Northern Ireland , Scotland , and ... oh yes , England . ' ))

Input: The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt and other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air - charter operations .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('A portion of the $ 32 million will be used to repay its bank debt . ','A portion of the $ 32 million will be used to repay other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air-charter operations . ' ) , ' The $ 32 million was realized from the sales . ' ))

Input: A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real - estate and shopping - center holdings .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for most of L.J. Hooker Corp. 's real-estate and shopping-center holdings . ','It has made a $ 409 million cash bid . ' ))

Input: The group is led by Jay Shidler , chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu , and A. Boyd Simpson , chief executive of the Atlanta - based Simpson Organization Inc.
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Jay Shidler was chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A. Boyd Simpson was chief executive of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc. ' , CO / LIST('The group is led by Jay Shidler . ','The group is led by A. Boyd Simpson . ' )) )

Input: Mr. Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real - estate investment and claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Shidler is Mr .. ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Shidler 's company specializes in commercial real-estate investment . ' , ' , Shidler 's company claims to have $ 1 billion in assets . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Simpson is Mr .. ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Simpson is a developer . ' , ' , Simpson is a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker . ' )) )

Input: The assets are good , but they require more money and management than can be provided in L.J. Hooker 's current situation , said Mr. Simpson in an interview .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hooker 's philosophy was to build and sell .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We want to build and hold .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sanford Sigoloff was chief executive of L.J. Hooker . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sanford Sigoloff said yesterday in a statement . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the attention of the creditors committee . ','That he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it . ' )) )

Input: Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller or B. Altman & Co. , L.J. Hooker 's department - store chains .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The offer covers the massive 1.8 million - square - foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati , the 800,000 square - foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C. , and the 700,000 square - foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo.
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This is in Thornton , Colo. ' , CO / LIST('The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati . ','The offer covers the 800,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia , S.C .. ','The offer covers the 700,000 square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton , Colo. ' ))

Input: Other Hooker properties included are a 20 - story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , the commercial real - estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate , plus other shopping centers .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('L.J. Hooker International was the commercial real-estate brokerage company . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta , expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International , plus other shopping centers . ','L.J. Hooker International once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate . ' ) , ' L.J. Hooker International was the commercial real-estate brokerage company . ' ))

Input: We do n't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid , said Allan Campbell , the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett , in an interview .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious , but ill - fated , $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. , as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers , a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc. , the Houston - based retailer , and Parisian Inc. , the Southeast department - store chain .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Herscu was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Merksamer Jewelers was a Sacramento chain . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sakowitz Inc. was the Houston-based retailer . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Parisian Inc. was the Southeast department-store chain . ','Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious , but ill-fated , $ 1 billion acquisition binge . ' )) ))

Input: Eventually Mr. Simpson and Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company , and Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988 .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Simpson was Mr .. ','Eventually Simpson and Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Simpson said . ','He resigned in 1988 . ' ))

Input: Since then , Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian 's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the Parisian chain . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was back to Parisian 's management . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was since then . ','Hooker Corp. has sold its interest . ' ) , ' Hooker Corp. is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain . ' )) )

Input: These are n't mature assets , but they have the potential to be so , said Mr. Shidler .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Managed properly , and with a long - term outlook , these can become investment - grade quality properties .
Prediction: CO / LIST('These are managed properly . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is with a long-term outlook . ','These can become investment-grade quality properties . ' ))

Input: The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52 - week bills and redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in new cash Thursday . ','The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million by . ' ) CO / LIST('The Treasury was selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills . ','The Treasury was redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills . ' ))

Input: The bills will be dated Oct. 26 and will mature Oct. 25 , 1990 .
Prediction: CO / LIST('The bills will be dated Oct. 26 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is Oct. 25 , 1990.','The bills will mature . ' ))

Input: Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was at the Treasury . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday . ','Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at Federal Reserve banks or branches . ' ))

Input: And many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week .
Prediction: CO / LIST('And many fund managers have built up cash levels . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what many fund managers say . ','They will be buying stock this week . ' ))

Input: At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , telephone volume was up sharply , but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('Fidelity Investments were the nation 's largest fund company . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was at Fidelity Investments . ','Telephone volume was up sharply . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was at Fidelity Investments . ','It was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987 . ' )) )

Input: Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend and a lot of fear around , said C. Bruce Johnstone , who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity - Income Fund .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But fund managers say they 're ready .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Windsor Fund 's John Neff and Mutual Series'Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 % , respectively , this year .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Windsor Fund 's John Neff and Mutual Series'Michael Price said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was respectively . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to more than 20 % and 30 % . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was respectively . ','They had raised their cash levels this year . ' )) ))

Input: Even Peter Lynch , manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund , the nation 's largest stock fund , built up cash to 7 % or $ 850 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Peter Lynch was manager of Fidelity 's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was to 7 % .','This was to $ 850 million . ' ) , ' Even Peter Lynch built up cash . ' ))

Input: One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions , the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('One reason is . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was from investors in August and September . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was after two years of monthly net redemptions . ','The fund posted net inflows of money . ' )) )

Input: That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August and September of 1987 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around , fund managers said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is around . ','But a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time . ' ) , ' This was what fund managers said . ' )

Input: Stock - fund sales have rebounded in recent months , but monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST ( ' , Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is . ','Monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels . ' ))

Input: Vincent Bajakian , manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund , added to his positions in Bristol - Myers Squibb , Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Vincent Bajakian was manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund . ' , SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This was in Bristol-Myers Squibb . ','This was in Woolworth . ','This was in Dun & Bradstreet . ' ) , ' Vincent Bajakian added to his positions Friday . ' ))

Input: And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly , Pfizer and American Home Products whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly . ','And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Pfizer . ','And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like American Home Products . ' ) , ' American Home Products 's dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines . ' )

Input: If the market drops further today , he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol - Myers and Kellogg .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION('The market drops further today . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ','He 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers and Kellogg . ' ))

Input: But most investors were seeking share prices and other information .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines and other snags that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines . ','They hope to avoid other snags . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in October 1987.','Other snags infuriated some fund investors . ' ))

Input: But most investors seemed to be in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode , said Steven Norwitz , a vice president .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Vanguard , among other groups , said it was adding more phone representatives today to help investors get through .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Vanguard , among other groups , said . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('It was adding more phone representatives today . ','This was to help investors get through . ' ))

Input: Some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year 's fat profits .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST ( ' , Some early selling is likely to stem from investors . ' , ' , Some early selling is likely to stem from portfolio managers . ' ) , ' Investors and portfolio managers want to lock in this year 's fat profits . ' )

Input: Elaine Garzarelli , who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio , predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and some panic selling .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Elaine Garzarelli predicts . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is on technical factors . ','This is on some panic selling . ' ) , ' The market will open down at least 50 points . ' ) , ' Elaine Garzarelli runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio . ' ))

Input: But she expects prices to rebound soon and is telling investors she expects the stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs .
Prediction: CO / LIST('But she expects prices to rebound soon . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what she is telling investors . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what she expects . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is from recent highs . ','The stock market wo n't decline more than 10 % to 15 % . ' )) ))

Input: Half of them are really scared and want to sell , she said , but I 'm trying to talk them out of it .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(CO / LIST('Half of them are really scared . ','Half of them want to sell . ' ) , ' I 'm trying to talk them out of it . ' )

Input: Two years ago , unlike today , the dollar was weak , interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued , they say .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was two years ago . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was unlike today . ','The dollar was weak . ' ) , ' Interest rates were rising . ','The market was very overvalued . ' ) , ' This is what they say . ' ))

Input: From the investors'standpoint , institutions and individuals learned a painful lesson ... by selling at the lows on Black Monday , said Stephen Boesel , manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Newport Corp. said it expects to report fiscal - first - quarter earnings of between 15 cents and 19 cents a share , somewhat below analysts'estimates of 19 cents to 23 cents .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Newport Corp. said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is somewhat below analysts'estimates of 19 cents to 23 cents . ','It expects to report fiscal-first-quarter earnings of between 15 cents and 19 cents a share . ' ))

Input: The maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in recent months . ','Orders fell below expectations . ' ))

Input: A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure , when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million , or 21 cents a share , on $ 14.1 million in sales .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('A spokesman added . ' , ' , Sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter 's figure . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was on $ 14.1 million in sales . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million . ','Newport reported net income of 21 cents a share . ' )) )

Input: Peter Otradovec , vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier , said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The Phoenix was Ariz .. ','Peter Otradovec was vice president for planning at the Phoenix , Ariz. , carrier . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Peter Otradovec said in an interview . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The work stoppage at Boeing , now entering its 13th day , has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers would now be put on other airlines . ','More than 500 passengers were booked to fly out of Houston on America West . ' )) )

Input: Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Otradovec was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Otradovec said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Boeing told America West . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The 757 would n't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights , including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas . ','It was supposed to get this Thursday the 757 . ' )) ))

Input: At this point , no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas ; Newark , N.J. ; and Palmdale , Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This was in Boeing deliveries . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was at this point . ','No other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio , Texas ; Newark , N.J. ; and Palmdale , Calif. -- have been affected by the delays . ' ))

Input: I just do n't feel that the company can really stand or would want a prolonged walkout , Tom Baker , president of Machinists'District 751 , said in an interview yesterday .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Tom Baker was president of Machinists'District 751 . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / DISJUNCTION('I just do n't feel that the company can really stand . ','I just do n't feel that the company would want a prolonged walkout . ' ) , ' This was what Tom Baker said in an interview yesterday . ' ))

Input: America West , though , is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was though . ' , CO / LIST('America West is a smaller airline . ','America West is therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be . ' ))

Input: I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets , they might not miss one at all , Mr. Otradovec said .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Otradovec was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('I figure . ','American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets . ' ) , ' This was what Otradovec said . ' ))

Input: Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737 - 300 set for delivery at the end of this month and expects to have the plane on time .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was at the end of this month . ' , ' , Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery . ' ) , ' , Southwest Airlines expects to have the plane on time . ' )

Input: American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December and 20 more next year and is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable .
Prediction: CO / LIST(CO / LIST('American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December . ','American is preparing to take delivery of 20 more next year . ' ) , ' American is n't anticipating any changes in that timetable . ' )

Input: In Seattle , a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Boeing spokesman explained in Seattle . ' , CO / LIST('The company has been in constant communication with all of its customers . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('It was impossible to predict . ','Further disruptions might be triggered by the strike . ' )) )

Input: Meanwhile , supervisors and non - striking employees have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was meanwhile . ' , ' , Supervisors and non-striking employees have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was meanwhile . ' , ' , Some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company 's Everett , Wash. , plant -- were all but completed before the walkout . ' ))

Input: As of Friday , four had been delivered and a fifth plane , a 747 - 400 , was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was as of Friday . ','Four had been delivered . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This was to Air China . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A fifth plane was a 747-400 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as of Friday . ','A fifth plane was supposed to be flown out over the weekend . ' )) ))

Input: The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term and that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term , said Howard Rubel , an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting that the company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Baker was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Baker said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what he thinks . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month , hinting . ','The company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week . ' )) ))

Input: But Mr. Baker called the letter -- and the company 's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact , plus bonuses -- very weak .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Baker was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was plus bonuses . ','But Baker called the letter -- and the company 's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact -- very weak . ' ))

Input: He added that the company miscalculated the union 's resolve and the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('He added . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with being forced to work many hours overtime . ' , CO / LIST('The company miscalculated the union 's resolve . ','The company miscalculated the workers'disgust . ' )) )

Input: In separate developments : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp. and the Calabasas , Calif. , aerospace company .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in separate developments . ' , CO / LIST ( ' : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp .. ' , ' : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at the Calabasas , Calif. , aerospace company . ' ))

Input: It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday , but that has been pushed back indefinitely .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for next Sunday . ','It had planned a strike vote . ' ) , ' That has been pushed back indefinitely . ' )

Input: -- And Boeing on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 767 - 300 wide - body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 326 million .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Boeing on Friday said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from Martinair Holland . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for four model 767-300 wide-body jetliners . ','Four model 767-300 wide-body jetliners were valued at a total of about $ 326 million . ' ) , ' It received an order . ' )) )

Input: A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons , but not because of the strike .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a Boeing spokeswoman said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was but not because of the strike . ','A delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons . ' ))

Input: Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants , some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- , in Great Britain and elsewhere .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Atco Ltd. said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB- . ' , SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This was in Great Britain . ','This was in elsewhere . ' ) , ' Its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants . ' )) )

Input: C.S. Richardson , Atco 's senior vice president , finance , said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada , and conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain , where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private - sector suppliers as part of its privatization program .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , C.S. Richardson was Atco 's senior vice president . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what C.S. Richardson finance , said . ' , CO / LIST('Its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada . ','Its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere , including Britain . ' ) , ' The British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program . ' )) )

Input: But we would n't go into them alone , and Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small , he said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST('But we would n't go into them alone . ' , ' , Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small . ' ) , ' This was what he said . ' )

Input: Ideally , we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- and a modest equity investor .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is ideally . ' , CO / LIST('We 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB-.','We 'd like to be a modest equity investor . ' ))

Input: Mr. Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project , but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('Richardson was Mr .. ','Richardson would n't offer specifics regarding Atco 's proposed British project . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is with two huge British power generating companies . ','It would compete for customers . ' ) , ' Two huge British power generating companies would be formed under the country 's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities . ' )) )

Input: Britain 's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities , beginning next month .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is beginning next month . ','Britain 's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- . ' ))

Input: Under terms of the plan , independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994 , and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is until 1994 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is under terms of the plan . ','Independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers , and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998 . ' ))

Input: Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion , mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta , where the company serves about 800,000 customers .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / SPATIAL('This was in Alberta . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was mainly . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was from its natural gas and electric utility businesses . ' , ' , Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion . ' ) , ' The company serves about 800,000 customers . ' )) )

Input: There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity , Mr. Richardson said , and Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Richardson was Mr .. ','There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Richardson said . ' , ' , Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it . ' ))

Input: We 're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England , said Bruce Stram , vice president , corporate strategy and corporate planning , with Enron Corp. , Houston , a big natural gas producer and pipeline operator .
Prediction: NONE

Input: PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what PSE Inc. said . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('It expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million . ','It expects to report third earnings of 14 cents to 18 cents a share . ' ))

Input: In the year - ago quarter , the designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , on revenue of about $ 41.4 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on revenue of about $ 41.4 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the year-ago quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 326,000.','The designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had four cents a share . ' )) )

Input: CONCORDE trans - Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris and $ 3,200 to London .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The well flowed at a rate of 2.016 million cubic feet of gas a day through a 16 64 - inch opening at depths between 5,782 and 5,824 feet .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was through a 16 64-inch opening . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was at depths between 5,782 and 5,824 feet . ','The well flowed at a rate of 2.016 million cubic feet of gas a day . ' ))

Input: The partnership , Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership , is a 50 - 50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp. , a unit of Heitman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif.
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Kufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership was the partnership . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Heitman Advisory Corp. was a unit of Heitman Financial Corp. , a real estate advisory , management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills , Calif. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The partnership is a 50-50 joint venture with a trust . ','A trust was created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp .. ' )) )

Input: The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development , and part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals .
Prediction: CO / LIST('The land to be purchased by the joint venture has n't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Part of Kaufman & Broad 's job will be to obtain such approvals . ','Zoning and other approvals were required for development . ' ))

Input: The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development , but in return , it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices , which can result in sizable savings , said Bruce Karatz , president and chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Typically , developers option property , and then once they get the administrative approvals , they buy it , said Mr. Karatz , adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital , although it is responsible for providing management , planning and processing services to the joint venture .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to the joint venture . ','It is responsible for providing management , planning and processing services . ' ))

Input: But now prices have nose - dived and Quantum 's profit is plummeting .
Prediction: CO / LIST('But now prices have nose-dived . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('But now Quantum 's profit is plummeting . ','But now prices are nose-dived . ' ))

Input: Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break - even results from the company for the third quarter , compared with year - earlier profit of $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was from the company for the third quarter . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 724.4 million . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION ( ' , Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million . ' , ' , Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results compared with year-earlier profit of $ 3.92 a share . ' )) )

Input: And the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is with the heady period . ','And the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison . ' ) , ' The heady period is just behind them . ' )

Input: Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp. , the company exited the wine and spirits business and plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Stookey was Mr .. ' , CO / LIST('The company was once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp .. ' , SUB / TEMPORAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was into plastics . ','The company exited the wine and spirits business . ' ) SUB / TEMPORAL('The company plowed more of its resources . ' , ' , Stookey took the chief executive 's job in 1986 . ' )) ))

Input: Mr. Stookey , 59 years old , declined to be interviewed for this article , but he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Stookey was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was 59 years old . ' , ' , Stookey declined to be interviewed for this article . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he has consistently argued . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market --.','Quantum will prosper through its new direction . ' )) )

Input: Quantum 's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin , used to make garbage bags , milk jugs , housewares , toys and meat packaging , among other items .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Polyethylene resin was used to make garbage bags , milk jugs , housewares , toys and meat packaging . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was among other items . ','Quantum 's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin . ' ))

Input: But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings .
Prediction: CO / LIST(CO / LIST('But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests . ','But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- are better cushioned against price swings . ' ) , ' But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. , Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- are better cushioned against price swings . ' )

Input: Benchmark grades , which still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring , have skidded to between 35 cents and 40 cents .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Benchmark grades have skidded to between 35 cents and 40 cents . ' , CO / LIST('Benchmark grades still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring . ','Benchmark grades still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring . ' ))

Input: Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world , other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Other buyers were calculating . ','Excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world . ' ) CO / LIST('Other buyers then bet that prices had peaked . ','Other buyers then began to draw down inventories rather than order new product . ' ))

Input: No one knows , however , whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what no one knows , however . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The new posted prices will stick . ','Producers and customers start to haggle . ' ))

Input: One doubter is George Krug , a chemical - industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. and a bear on plastics stocks .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('George Krug is a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co .. ','George Krug is a chemical-industry analyst at a bear on plastics stocks . ' ) , ' One doubter is George Krug . ' )

Input: But others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual straight - from - the - shoulder performance .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what others came away . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what others were thinking . ','He had given something less than his usual straight-from-the-shoulder performance . ' ))

Input: Two workers died and six remain in the hospital .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Two workers died . ' , ' , Six remain in the hospital . ' )

Input: Until this year , the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate and picking up trade - group safety awards .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was until this year . ' , CO / LIST('The company had been steadily lowering its accident rate . ','The company had been steadily picking up trade-group safety awards . ' ))

Input: When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand , calculating lost profit and thus claims under business - interruption insurance is straightforward .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('A plant has just been running flat out to meet demand . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , calculating lost profit is straightforward . ' , ' , calculating thus claims under business-interruption insurance is straightforward . ' ))

Input: But the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: You say you could have sold X percent of this product and Y percent of that , recalls Theodore Semegran , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And then you still have to negotiate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum 's polyethylene production and 50 % of its ethylene production .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked about a bid for Quantum , a BP spokesman says , We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors , and I think that falls in that category .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('A BP spokesman says . ','A bid for Quantum was asked about a bid . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what a BP spokesman says . ' , CO / LIST('We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think . ' , ' , Falls in that category . ' )) ))

Input: A spokesman for the New York - based food and tobacco giant , taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy - out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , and dismissing its 14 employees , in a move to save money .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('A spokesman for the New York-based food and tobacco giant confirmed . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a move . ','The New York-based food and tobacco giant was taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co .. ' ) , ' It is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit , and dismissing its 14 employees . ' ) , ' This is to save money . ' ))

Input: The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network - buying plans with its two main advertising firms , FCB / Leber Katz and McCann Erickson .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the spokesman said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is with its two main advertising firms . ','This is with FCB / Leber Katz . ','This is with McCann Erickson . ' ) , ' RJR is discussing its network-buying plans . ' ))

Input: The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 , and the move wo n't affect RJR 's print , radio and spot - television buying practices .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the spokesman said . ','The broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1 . ' ) , ' The move wo n't affect RJR 's print , radio and spot-television buying practices . ' )

Input: The U.S. , which is finalizing its steel - import quotas , is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is to developing and newly industrialized countries . ','The U.S. is allocating a larger share of its steel market . ' ) , ' Developing and newly industrialized countries have relatively unsubsidized steel industries . ' ) , ' The U.S. is finalizing its steel-import quotas . ' )

Input: Meanwhile , the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan 's steel quota , and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / SPATIAL('This was in Japan 's steel quota . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was meanwhile . ','The U.S. has negotiated a significant cut . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the steel allotment for the European Community . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was meanwhile . ','The U.S. has made only a minor increase . ' )) ))

Input: Brazil , similar to Mexico and South Korea , is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five - year steel quotas , which expired Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas . ','Brazil is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was similar to Mexico and South Korea . ','It had under the previous five-year steel quotas . ' ))

Input: Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries that have n't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1 , 1990 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was with the U.S. for the year . ','The year was ending Oct. 1 , 1990 . ' ) , ' The only two countries have n't completed steel talks . ' ))

Input: Other countries that do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S. , such as Taiwan , Sweden and Argentina , also have supplied steel .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / SPATIAL('This was such as Taiwan , Sweden and Argentina . ','Other countries also have supplied steel . ' ) , ' Other countries do n't have formal steel quotas with the U.S .. ' )

Input: It also said it would use that two - and - a - half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade , which has been notoriously managed , subsidized and protected by governments .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('It would use that two-and-a-half year period . ','This is to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade . ' ) , ' The international steel trade has been notoriously managed , subsidized and protected by governments . ' ))

Input: The EC and Japan -- the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas to the full extent .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the full extent . ' , CO / LIST('The EC have n't been filling their quotas . ','Japan -- the U.S. 's largest steel suppliers -- have n't been filling their quotas . ' ))

Input: But its quota has been as high as 6.9 % in 1984 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan , the EC , Brazil , Mexico and South Korea provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Japan , the EC , Brazil , Mexico and South Korea provide about 80 % of the steel . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was under the quota program . ','The steel was imported to the U.S .. ' ))

Input: The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters , such as Australia and Venezuela .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This was such as Australia and Venezuela . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was such as Australia and Venezuela . ','The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters . ' ))

Input: That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program and 1 % from cutting Japan 's allowance .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was from cutting Japan 's allowance . ' , CO / LIST('That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program . ','That was essentially made up of 1 % increase in 1 % . ' ) , ' That was cutting Japan 's allowance . ' ))

Input: These optional 1%-a - year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel - quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE('These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration 's steel-quota program . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was with foreign steel suppliers . ','These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program were to give its negotiators leverage . ' ) , ' This was to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries . ' ))

Input: Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second - quarter earnings to trail 1988 results , but anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Elcotel Inc. anticipates . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in its second half . ' , ' , Several new products will lead to a much stronger performance . ' )) )

Input: Elcotel , a telecommunications company , had net income of $ 272,000 , or five cents a share , in its year - earlier second quarter , ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Elcotel was a telecommunications company . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in its year-earlier second quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Its year-earlier second quarter was ended Sept. 30.','Its year-earlier second quarter was ended Sept. 30 . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('Elcotel had net income of $ 272,000.','Elcotel had net income of five cents a share . ' )) ))

Input: George Pierce , chairman and chief executive officer , said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('George Pierce was chairman and chief executive officer . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what George Pierce said in an interview . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is on revenue of just under $ 4 million . ','Earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share . ' )) )

Input: Within the next year , Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines , made by Minolta in Japan , in hotels , municipal buildings , drugstores and other public settings around the country .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is within the next year . ','Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This was in hotels . ','This was in municipal buildings . ','This was in drugstores . ','This was in other public settings around the country . ' ) , ' 10,000 fax machines were made by Minolta in Japan . ' ))

Input: Elcotel will provide a credit - card reader for the machines to collect , store and forward billing data .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is for the machines . ','Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader . ' ) , ' This is to collect , store and forward billing data . ' )

Input: Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company 's system for automating and handling credit - card calls and collect calls .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for automating and handling credit-card calls . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for collect calls . ','An automatic call processor will make further use of the company 's system . ' )) )

Input: The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones , which do n't accept coins , for use in hotel lobbies , office lobbies , hospitality lounges and similar settings .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is for use in hotel lobbies . ','This is for use in office lobbies . ','This is for use in hospitality lounges . ','This is for use in similar settings . ' ) , ' The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones . ' ) , ' , Convenience telephones do n't accept coins . ' )

Input: Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Pierce was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Pierce estimated . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for each machine each month . ','The processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings . ' )) )

Input: Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August and was up 7.6 % for the year , the Central Statistical Office said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in September . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was from August . ','Britain 's retail price index rose 0.7 % . ' ) , ' Britain 's retail price index was up 7.6 % for the year . ' ) , ' This was what the Central Statistical Office said . ' ))

Input: The company said the plan was n't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest , a maker and marketer of hospital products .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Quest was a maker and marketer of hospital products . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to any known offers for Quest . ','The plan was n't adopted in response . ' )) )

Input: The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person or group acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock or announces a tender offer .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is at a discount . ','The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('Any person or group acquires more than 15 % of the company 's common stock . ','Any person or group announces a tender offer . ' ))

Input: While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products , the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market , where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(CO / CONTRAST('The Japanese have embraced the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products . ','The true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market . ' ) CO / LIST('Growth is slow . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was over powders . ','Liquids have gained prominence . ' )) )

Input: But the product , which was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer , bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('But the product bombed in a market test in Denver . ','But the product was dropped . ' ) , ' The product was n't as concentrated as the new Cheer . ' )

Input: P&G and others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches , but they have n't sold well , despite the convenience .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches . ' , CO / LIST('P&G also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers . ','Others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was despite the convenience . ','They have n't sold well . ' )) )

Input: But P&G contends the new Cheer is a unique formula that also offers an ingredient that prevents colors from fading .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('But P&G contends . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The new Cheer is a unique formula . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A unique formula also offers an ingredient . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is from fading . ','An ingredient prevents colors . ' )) ))

Input: And retailers are expected to embrace the product , in part because it will take up less shelf space .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in part . ','And retailers are expected to embrace the product . ' ) , ' It will take up less shelf space . ' )

Input: But with so many brands vying for space , that 's no longer the case .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S. , but so far the company has focused on acquisitions , such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co. , a Cincinnati hand - lotion maker .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Kao officials have said . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is in the U.S .. ','They are interested in selling detergents . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Andrew Jergens Co. was a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was such as last year 's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co .. ' , ' , So far the company has focused on acquisitions . ' )) ))

Input: This is something P&G would do with or without Kao , says Mr. Zurkuhlen .
Prediction: NONE

Input: With economic tension between the U.S. and Japan worsening , many Japanese had feared last week 's visit from U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Carla Hills was U.S. Trade Representative . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with economic tension between the U.S. and Japan worsening . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was from Carla Hills . ','Many Japanese had feared last week 's visit . ' )) )

Input: Instead , they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long - term view .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was instead . ','They got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan . ' ) , ' This was to work together and of the importance of the long-term view . ' )

Input: He said such results should be measurable in dollars and cents in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan . ' , ' , Such results should be measurable in dollars and cents . ' ))

Input: But Mrs. Hills , speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday , stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring or summer , it is rather to have a blueprint for action .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Halls was Mrs .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hills stressed . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by spring or summer . ','The objective is not to get definitive action , it is rather to have a blueprint for action . ' )) )

Input: She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we 're moving in earnest .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , She added . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST ( ' , She expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people . ' , ' , She expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the Japanese people that we 're moving in earnest . ' ) , ' , She expected perhaps to have a down payment ... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we 're moving in earnest . ' ))

Input: American and Japanese officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mosbacher was approach betwen Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Holmes was the difference in approach betwen Mosbacher and Mrs .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the difference in Mosbacher and Hills . ','American and Japanese officials offered several theories . ' )) )

Input: But some saw it as a classic negotiating tactic .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was as a classic negotiating tactic . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was . ','But some saw it . ' ))

Input: And some said it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what some said . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade . ','It reflected the growing debate in Washington . ' ))

Input: Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher 's , Mrs. Hills replied : I did n't hear every word he spoke , but as a general proposition , I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Mosbacher was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Halls was Mrs .. ','Halls was asked to compare her visit to Mosbacher 's . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('I did n't hear every word . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is as a general proposition . ','I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration . ' )) ))

Input: I do n't feel either hard or soft .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I feel committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When she met the local press for the first time on Friday , Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products , satellites and supercomputers , three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Halls was Mrs .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on Friday . ' , ' , She met the local press for the first time . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in removing barriers to trade in forest products , satellites and supercomputers , three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill . ','Halls firmly reiterated the need for progress . ' )) )

Input: But her main thrust was to promote the importance of world - wide free trade and open competition .
Prediction: NONE

Input: She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what she said . ','The trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors . ' ) , ' , She should n't be tackled by setting quantitative targets . ' )

Input: But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991 , but the Japanese have denied making any such promise .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991.','Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement . ' ) , ' The Japanese have denied making any such promise . ' )

Input: But she stressed , I am against managed trade .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 and is seeking new financing .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Traditional Industries Inc. said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is for the fourth quarter . ','It expects to report a net loss . ' ) CO / LIST('The fourth quarter ended June 30.','The fourth quarter is seeking new financing . ' )) )

Input: The seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives , including seeking increases in its credit lines .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the seller of photographic products and services said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is including seeking increases in its credit lines . ','It is considering a number of financing alternatives . ' ))

Input: Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss and would n't say if it expects to show a profit for the year .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss . ' , SUB / CONDITION('Traditional would n't say . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for the year . ','It expects to show a profit . ' )) )

Input: In the year ended June 30 , 1988 , Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million , or $ 1.21 a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the year . ','The year was ended June 30 , 1988 . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million . ','Traditional reported net income of $ 1.21 a share . ' ))

Input: In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million , or $ 1.31 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 44.3 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the latest nine months . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Net income was $ 4.7 million . ','Net income was $ 1.31 a share . ' )) )

Input: Separately , the company said it would file a delayed fiscal - year report with the Securities and Exchange Commission within approximately 45 days .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is within approximately 45 days . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is with the Securities and Exchange Commission . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is separately . ','It would file a delayed fiscal-year report . ' )) ))

Input: A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for Information International said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for alleged failure to pay royalties . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was by two units of Morris Communications Corp .. ' , CO / LIST('The lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system 's about $ 3 million purchase price . ','The lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units . ' )) ))

Input: The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp. and Florida Publishing Co.
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('The units are Southeastern Newspapers Corp .. ','The units are Florida Publishing Co. ' ) , ' The units filed the suit . ' )

Input: A spokeswoman said Sulka operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokeswoman said . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is in the U.S. and overseas . ' , ' , Sulka operates a total of seven stores . ' ))

Input: Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago , largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings . ','They did for the third quarter a year ago . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability . ','They did for the third quarter a year ago . ' ))

Input: The gasoline picture may improve this quarter , but chemicals are likely to remain weak , industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year - earlier performance .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('The gasoline picture may improve this quarter . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION ( ' , Chemicals are likely to remain weak . ','This is what industry executives and analysts say , reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance . ' ))

Input: The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals , Glenn Cox , president of Phillips Petroleum Co. , said in an interview .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Glenn Cox was president of Phillips Petroleum Co .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals . ','The industry is seeing a softening . ' ) , ' This was what Glenn Cox said in an interview . ' ))

Input: That change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general , he added .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the industry in general . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in general . ','That change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings , he added . ' ))

Input: But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard - hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third - quarter earnings .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what securities analysts say . ' , CO / LIST('Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in third-quarter earnings . ','Phillips will probably post a drop . ' )) )

Input: So , too , many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp.
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is too . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is too . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , So many analysts predict , will Exxon Corp .. ' , ' , So many analysts predict , will Chevron Corp .. ' , ' , So many analysts predict , will Amoco Corp. ' )) )

Input: Beginning in mid-1987 , prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was beginning in mid-1987 . ' , CO / LIST('Prices began accelerating . ','A growing U.S. economy spurred demand . ' ) , ' The weak dollar spurred demand . ' ))

Input: Now , greatly increased supplies are on the market , while the dollar is stronger , and domestic economic growth is slower .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is now . ','Greatly increased supplies are on the market . ' ) CO / LIST('The dollar is stronger . ','Domestic economic growth is slower . ' ))

Input: Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year , said William Randol , a securities analyst at First Boston Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that did n't materialize .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE('Oil company refineries ran flat out . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in July and August . ','Oil company refineries were prepared for a robust holiday driving season that did n't materialize . ' ))

Input: Refiners say margins picked up in September , and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter , though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what refiners say . ','Margins picked up in September . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what many industry officials believe . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is though still not to the level of 1988 's fourth quarter . ','Gasoline profits will rebound this quarter . ' )) )

Input: During the 1988 second half , many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was during the 1988 second half . ' , CO / LIST('Many companies posted record gasoline . ','Many companies posted chemical profits . ' ))

Input: Demand has been much stronger than anticipated , and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Demand has been much stronger than anticipated . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is . ','It typically accelerates in the fourth quarter . ' ))

Input: Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('A heat wave and drought caused utilities . ','This was to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use . ' ))

Input: Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls , the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export - control policies , are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Majority of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls were the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export-control policies . ','Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26 . ' ) , ' The unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export-control policies . ' )

Input: They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools , computers and other high - technology products .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is specifically for a relaxation of rules . ' , CO / LIST('Rights are governing exports of machine tools . ','Rights are governing exports of computers . ','Rights are governing exports of other high-technology products . ' ) , ' They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules . ' ))

Input: But the Bush administration says it wants to see evidence that all Cocom members are complying fully with existing export - control procedures before it will support further liberalization .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what the Bush administration says . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what it wants to see evidence . ' , SUB / TEMPORAL('All Cocom members are complying fully with existing export-control procedures . ','It will support further liberalization . ' )) )

Input: A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom , but declined to confirm any details .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a State Department spokesman acknowledged . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is with the Italian government . ','This is with Cocom . ' ) , ' The U.S. is discussing the allegations . ' ) , ' A State Department spokesman declined to confirm any details . ' ))

Input: Although the legality of these sales is still an open question , the disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export - control hawks in the Pentagon and the intelligence community .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('The legality of these sales is still an open question . ' , CO / LIST('The disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon . ','The disclosure could n't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the intelligence community . ' ))

Input: But more recently , the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the bloc . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was to the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers . ','This was to the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers . ' ) CO / LIST('But more recently , the Pentagon openly feuded over the extent . ','But more recently , the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers . ' )) )

Input: The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 % .
Prediction: CO / LIST('The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the share price of about 26 % .','The 50 million warrants are expected to carry a premium . ' ))

Input: Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares , or options to purchase shares , to cover its entire position .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by . ' , ' , Salomon will cover the warrants . ' ) SUB / PURPOSE ( ' , Salomon is buying sufficient shares , or options . ','This is to purchase shares , to cover its entire position . ' ))

Input: Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high - yield , high - risk junk bonds .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Ivan F. Boesky was former stock speculator . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was against Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit . ' , CO / LIST('They defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield , high-risk junk bonds . ','They defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield , high-risk junk bonds . ' )) ))

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged , after Mr. Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Boesky was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Financial Corp. purchased the bonds , the suit alleged . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels . ','This was to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million . ' )) )

Input: Officials at Drexel said they had n't seen the suit and thus could n't comment .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what officials at Drexel said . ' , CO / LIST('They had n't seen the suit . ','They thus could n't comment . ' ))

Input: Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp. , the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Ivan F. Boesky Corp. is the successor company . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to Vagabonds Hotels . ' , CO / LIST('Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp .. ','Also named in the suit is Northview Corp .. ' )) )

Input: Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 and said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Financial Corp. said . ' , SUB / TEMPORAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in November 1983.','Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what it agreed to buy the bonds . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. said . ','Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds . ' )) ))

Input: Shortly before the visit , Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Boesky was Mr .. ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was shortly before the visit . ','Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials . ' ) , ' This was to acquire the 51 % stake in the company . ' ))

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 and since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them , the company said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in at least 70 different transactions in 1984.','Financial Corp. purchased the bonds . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was on them . ','Financial Corp. since then has realized $ 11 million in losses . ' ) , ' This was what the company said . ' ))

Input: HOFI , the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. , previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. and its 60 % stake in Dundee Cement Co. with its 67 % stake in Ideal .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd. was the North American holding company of Swiss concern . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Hofi was the North American holding company of Swiss concern . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with its 67 % stake in Ideal . ' , CO / LIST('HOFI previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc .. ','HOFI previously proposed combining its 60 % stake in Dundee Cement Co .. ' )) ))

Input: But HOFI 's first offer would have given Ideal 's other shareholders about 10 % of the combined company .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement and approval by Ideal shareholders .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is by Ideal shareholders . ' , CO / LIST('The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement . ','The transaction is subject to approval . ' ))

Input: While corn and soybean prices have slumped well below their drought - induced peaks of 1988 , wheat prices remain stubbornly high .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST ( ' , Corn and soybean prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is still . ','Weed prices remain stubbornly high . ' ))

Input: And they 're likely to stay that way for months to come , analysts say .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is for months . ','And they 're likely to stay that way . ' ) , ' This is to come . ' ) , ' This is what analysts say . ' )

Input: And if rain does n't fall soon across many of the Great Plains'wheat - growing areas , yields in the crop now being planted could be reduced , further squeezing supplies .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION('Road does n't fall soon across many of the Great Plains'wheat-growing areas . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('And , yields in the crop could be reduced , further squeezing supplies . ','The crop was being planted . ' ))

Input: In response to dwindling domestic supplies , Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Clayton Yeutter was Agriculture Secretary . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Clayton Yeutter said in response to dwindling domestic supplies . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments . ','Acme farmers can plant in wheat for next year . ' )) )

Input: It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels , compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought - stunted 1.81 billion in 1988 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was compared with this year 's estimated 2.04 billion . ','This was compared with a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1988 . ' ) , ' It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels . ' )

Input: But the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted wo n't be felt until the second half of next year .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The exchange said it feared that some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate , which had refused requests to reduce its holdings .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the exchange said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what it feared . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Some members would n't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to the Italian conglomerate . ' , ' , Some members would have to default on their contractual obligation . ' ) , ' The Italian conglomerate had refused requests to reduce its holdings . ' )) ))

Input: Unseasonably hot , dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat - growing areas in Washington and Oregon is threatening to reduce the yield from this season 's winter wheat crop , said Conrad Leslie , a futures analyst and head of Leslie Analytical in Chicago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For example , in the Oklahoma panhandle , 40 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This is in the Oklahoma panhandle . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for example . ','40 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture . ' ))

Input: The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans , but many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months , further supporting prices .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('The Soviet Union has n't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months . ' , ' , Further supporting prices . ' ))

Input: Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline will go . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The price decline began Friday . ','The price decline began Friday . ' ))

Input: However , as expected , Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55 .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was however . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was from around $ 1.55.','Brazil waited for the crop estimate . ' ) , ' This was to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound . ' ))

Input: Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had and sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time . ','Friday 's consequent selling of futures contracts sent the November orange juice contract . ' ))

Input: It 's a dollar - priced product , and the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe , the analyst said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST('It 's a dollar-priced product . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was in Europe . ','The strong dollar has made it more expensive . ' ) , ' This was what the analyst said . ' ))

Input: Barring a cold snap or other crop problems in the growing areas , downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January , when harvesting and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak , the analyst said .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in the growing areas . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January . ','Other crop problems in the growing areas . ' ) , ' Decline pressure on prices is likely to continue into January . ' ) , ' Holding and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak . ' )

Input: Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in both futures and spot markets . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was of steadily rising crude oil prices . ','Friday capped a week . ' ))

Input: He predicted that the November contract will reach $ 21.50 a barrel or more on the New York Mercantile Exchange .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('He predicted . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is on the New York Mercantile Exchange . ','The November contract will reach $ 21.50 a barrel or more . ' ))

Input: Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and ca n't produce as much as it could sell .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('There also are recurring reports . ' , CO / LIST('That the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit . ','That the Soviet Union ca n't produce as much as it could sell . ' ))

Input: Many traders foresee a tightening of near - term supplies , particularly of high - quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is particularly . ','Many traders foresee a tightening of near-term supplies such as those . ' ) , ' Those were produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria . ' )

Input: If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , co - founders Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy - out attempt , an official close to the company said .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Charles was co-founders . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / CONDITION('A hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co .. ' , ' , Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy-out attempt . ' ) , ' This was what an official close to the company said . ' ))

Input: Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock - market sell - off in New York and turmoil in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is in the wake of Friday 's stock-market sell-off in New York . ','This is in turmoil in the junk-bond market . ' ) , ' Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday 's stock-market sell-off in New York . ' )

Input: But the beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant , which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi , has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for weeks . ','But the beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant has been the subject of intense takeover speculation . ' ) , ' The beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi . ' )

Input: Last week , Saatchi 's largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Saatchi 's largest shareholder was Southeastern Asset Management . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Saatchi 's largest shareholder said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('It had been approached by one or more third parties . ','One or more third parties were interested in a possible restructuring . ' )) )

Input: And Carl Spielvogel , chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit , said he had offered to lead a management buy - out of the company , but was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Carl Spielvogel was chief executive officer of Saatchi 's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Carl Spielvogel said . ' , CO / CONTRAST('He had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company . ','He was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi . ' )) )

Input: The executive close to Saatchi & Saatchi said that if a bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer , a crazy offer which Saatchi knew it could n't beat , it would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('A ludicrously high offer was a crazy offer . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the executive close to Saatchi & Saatchi said . ' , SUB / CONDITION('A bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Saatchi knew . ','It could n't beat . ' ) , ' It would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders . ' )) )

Input: But -LCB- otherwise -RCB- it would undoubtedly come back with an offer by management .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive said any buy - out would be led by the current board , whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the executive said . ' , CO / LIST('Any buy-out would be led by the current board . ','Any buy-out would be led by whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi . ' ) , ' Any buy-out would be led by whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi . ' ))

Input: Mr. Spielvogel is n't part of the board , nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi 's big U.S.-based ad agencies .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Spielvogel is Mr .. ' , CO / DISJUNCTION ( ' , Spielvogel is n't part of the board . ' , ' , Spielvogel are any of the other heads of Saatchi 's big U.S.-based ad agencies . ' ))

Input: The executive did n't name any price , but securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('The executive did n't name any price . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what securities analysts have said . ' , ' , Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion . ' ))

Input: That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive , Robert Louis - Dreyfus , who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Robert Louis-Dreyfus was the new chief executive . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('That speculation abounded Friday . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive . ' , CO / LIST('The new chief executive joins Saatchi . ','The new chief executive becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1 . ' )) ))

Input: Mr. Louis - Dreyfus , formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc. , has a reputation as a savvy financial manager , and will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Louis-Dreyfus was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('IMS International Inc. was the pharmaceutical research firm . ' , CO / LIST('Louis-Dreyfus formerly chief executive of IMS International Inc. has a reputation as a savvy financial manager . ','Louis-Dreyfus will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi 's poor financial state . ' )) )

Input: It has n't had any impact on us , nor do we expect it to , said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co. , a major client of Backer Spielvogel .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential - Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy - out and restructuring , or a buy - out of Backer Spielvogel alone , led by him .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Spielvogel was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Spielvogel had said . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy-out and restructuring , or a buy-out of Backer Spielvogel alone , led by him . ','Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy-out and restructuring , or a buy-out of Backer Spielvogel alone , led by him . ' )) )

Input: As expected , Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee , pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven , Conn. , to conspiracy and racketeering charges .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in federal court in New Haven , Conn .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to conspiracy and racketeering charges . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as expected . ' , CO / LIST('Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives pleaded not guilty . ','Young & Rubicam Inc. along with a former employee pleaded not guilty . ' )) ))

Input: A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister , and Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr.
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case , Eric Anthony Abrahams , former Jamaican tourism minister , and Arnold Foote Jr. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Arnold Foote Jr was Jamaican businessman . ','Arnold Foote Jr was Jamaican businessman . ' ))

Input: The Samsung Group and Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This was in South Korea . ' , CO / LIST('The Samsung Group agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency . ','Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency . ' ))

Input: Bozell Cheil Corp. , as the new agency will be called , will be based in Seoul and is 70 % owned by Samsung and 30 % owned by Bozell .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Bozell Cheil Corp. will be based in Seoul . ' , CO / LIST('Bozell Cheil Corp. is 70 % owned by Samsung . ','Bozell Cheil Corp. is 70 % owned by 30 % owned by Bozell . ' ))

Input: Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is as U.S. agencies . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is with interests in Korean agencies . ' , CO / LIST('Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates . ','Bozell joins Ogilvy Group . ' )) )

Input: Citing a payment from a supplier and strong sales of certain data - storage products , Maxtor Corp. said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24 .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Maxtor Corp. said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was from a supplier . ','This was from strong sales of certain data-storage products . ' ) , ' Maxtor Corp. was citing a payment . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter . ','Its second quarter was ended Sept. 24 . ' ))

Input: The maker of computer - data - storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million , or 23 cents a share , from year - earlier net of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the maker of computer-data-storage products said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million . ','This was from year-earlier net of five cents a share . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('Net income rose to $ 4.8 million . ','Net income rose to 23 cents a share . ' )) )

Input: Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Maxtor said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is from discontinuing the line . ','Effects may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue . ' ))

Input: A spokeswoman would n't elaborate , but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('A spokeswoman would n't elaborate . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ','The discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit . ' ))

Input: Operationally , Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high - end personal computers and computer workstations .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was operationally . ','Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is for high-end personal computers . ','This is for computer workstations . ' ) , ' Products store data . ' ))

Input: In the fiscal first half , net was $ 7 million , or 34 cents a share , up from the year - earlier $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million , or 15 cents a share . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the fiscal first half . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Net was $ 7 million . ','Net was 34 cents a share . ' )) )

Input: Robert G. Walden , 62 years old , was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services , increasing the board to eight members .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was 62 years old . ','Robert G. Walden was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was to eight members . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was 62 years old . ','Robert G. Walden was increasing the board . ' )) )

Input: He retired as senior vice president , finance and administration , and chief financial officer of the company Oct. 1 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was Oct. 1 . ' , CO / LIST('He retired as senior vice president . ','He retired as finance and administration . ','He retired as chief financial officer of the company . ' ))

Input: Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10 - K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission , but that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements and related information .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Southmark Corp. said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was with the Securities and Exchange Commission . ','It filed part of its 10-K report , but that the filing does n't include its audited financial statements and related information . ' ) , ' It filed part of its 10-K report . ' ))

Input: The real estate and thrift concern , operating under bankruptcy - law proceedings , said it told the SEC it could n't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the real estate and thrift concern , operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings , said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what it told the SEC . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense . ','It could n't provide financial statements . ' )) )

Input: Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson and will continue in those roles .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Seelenfreund is Mr .. ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson . ' , ' , Seelenfreund will continue in those roles . ' ))

Input: Messrs. Malson and Seelenfreund are directors of McKesson , which has an 86 % stake in PCS .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Malson is Messrs .. ','Malson and Seelenfreund are directors of McKesson . ' ) , ' McCesson has an 86 % stake in PCS . ' )

Input: In its lawsuit , Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages and a preliminary injunction to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in its lawsuit . ' , CO / LIST('Pharmaccia is seeking unspecified damages . ','Pharmaccia is seeking a preliminary injunction . ' ) , ' This is to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products . ' ))

Input: A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales and 10 % to 20 % of its earnings .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a MedChem spokesman said . ' , CO / LIST('The products contribute about a third of MedChem 's sales . ','The products contribute 10 % to 20 % of its earnings . ' ))

Input: In the year ended Aug. 31 , 1988 , MedChem earned $ 2.9 million , or 72 cents a share , on sales of $ 17.4 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 17.4 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the year . ','The year was ended Aug. 31 , 1988 . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('MedChem earned $ 2.9 million . ','MedChem earned 72 cents a share . ' )) )

Input: MedChem said the court 's ruling was issued as part of a first - phase trial in the patent - infringement proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what MedChem said . ' , CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the patent-infringement proceedings . ','The court 's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial . ' ) , ' The court 's ruling concerns only one of its defenses in the case . ' ))

Input: Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third - quarter results , aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage , especially in the Northeast .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was especially . ' , CO / LIST('Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results . ' , CO / LIST('Newspaper publishers were aided by favorable newsprint prices . ','Newspaper publishers were hampered by flat or declining advertising linage in the Northeast . ' )) )

Input: Adding to unsteadiness in the industry , seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships within the retail industry .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the industry . ' , ' , Seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers were adding to unsteadiness . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was within the retail industry . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership . ' , ' , Seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by general hardships . ' )) )

Input: In New York , the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , while the R.H. Macy & Co. , Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue department - store chains are for sale .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / SPATIAL('This was from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was in New York . ' , CO / LIST('The Bonwit Teller have filed for protection . ','B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection . ' ) , ' The R.H. Macy & Co. , Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue department-store chains are for sale . ' )) )

Input: Until recently , industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what industry analysts believed until recently . ' , CO / LIST('Decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out . ','Decreases in retail ad spending would in fact increase in this year 's third and fourth quarters . ' ))

Input: Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage , but the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run , said Edward J. Atorino , industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: For instance , Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income , as total ad pages dropped at USA Today , but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for instance . ','Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income . ' ) , ' Total ad pages dropped at USA Today . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was for instance . ' , CO / LIST('Advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base . ','Advertising revenue rose because of increased rates . ' )) )

Input: Gannett 's 83 daily and 35 non - daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in advertising and circulation revenue . ' , CO / LIST('Gannett 's 83 daily reported a 3 % increase . ','35 non-daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase . ' ))

Input: Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified - ad volume increased , while there was softer demand for retail and national ad linage , said John Curley , Gannett 's chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While USA Today 's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735 , a decrease of 4 % from last year , the paper 's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter and 13 % in the nine months .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('USA Today 's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the nine months . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was a decrease of 4 % from last year . ' , CO / LIST('The paper 's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter . ','The paper 's ad revenue increased 13 % . ' )) ))

Input: In the nine months , Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million , or $ 1.68 a share , from $ 247 million , or $ 1.52 a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 270 million . ','This was to $ 1.68 a share . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 247 million . ','This was from $ 1.52 a share . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the nine months . ','Gannett 's net rose 9.5 % . ' )) )

Input: Net fell to $ 28.8 million , or 29 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 33 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 32 million . ','This was from 33 cents a share . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('Net fell to $ 28.8 million . ','Net fell to 29 cents a share . ' ))

Input: The year - earlier period included a one - time gain of $ 3.5 million , or four cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was of $ 3.5 million . ','This was of four cents a share . ' ) , ' The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million . ' )

Input: The drop in profit reflected , in part , continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal . ','This was in financial advertising at Barron 's magazine . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in part . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in part . ','The drop in profit reflected continued softness . ' )) )

Input: The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million , or 12 cents a share , compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million , or 38 cents a share , for the third quarter in 1988 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million for the third quarter in 1988.','This was compared with a loss of 38 cents a share , for the third quarter in 1988 . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million . ','The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of 12 cents a share . ' ))

Input: William O. Taylor , the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer , said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('William O. Taylor was the parent 's chairman and chief executive officer . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what William O. Taylor said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in ad volume . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was at the Boston newspaper . ','Earnings continued to be hurt by softness . ' )) ))

Input: Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter , because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Atorino was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Atorino at Salomon Brothers said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what he estimates . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers . ','Times Mirror Co. 's earnings were down for the third quarter . ' )) ))

Input: New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate , Forest Products Group .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Forest Products Group was its affiliate . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was at its affiliate . ','New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings . ' )) )

Input: Times Co. 's regional daily newspapers are holding up well , but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market , said Alan Kassan , an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings , largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue . ','Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings . ' ) , ' Increasing cable revenue and publishing revenue were helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area . ' )

Input: The news - weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was from rival Time magazine . ','This was from a relatively flat magazine advertising market . ' ) , ' The news-weekly has faced heightened competition . ' )

Input: Knight - Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News , and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Knight-Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett 's Detroit News . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Knight-Ridder Inc. has told analysts . ','Earnings were down in the third quarter . ' ))

Input: However , analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers , such as the Miami Herald and San Jose Mercury News .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This is at several of its major daily newspapers . ' , SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This is such as the Miami Herald . ','This is such as San Jose Mercury News . ' ) , ' Analysts point to positive advertising spending . ' ))

Input: The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight - Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition and circulation was falling , said Bruce Thorp , an analyst for Provident National Bank .
Prediction: NONE

Input: General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada , has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle - making capacity .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what General Motors Corp. , in a series of moves , has signaled . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / SPATIAL('This was in the U.S. and Canada . ','A series of moves angered union officials . ' ) , ' As many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity . ' ))

Input: In announcements to workers late last week , GM effectively signed death notices for two full - sized van assembly plants , and cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for two full-sized van assembly plants . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in announcements to workers late last week . ','GM effectively signed death notices . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the futures of three U.S. car factories . ','GM effectively cast serious doubt . ' )) )

Input: GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(CO / LIST('GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity . ','GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce the work force in place . ' ) , ' This is to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin . ' )

Input: The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information , Mr. Yokich said .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Yokich was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST('The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray to provide consistent information . ','The auto maker 's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed an inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information . ' ) , ' This was what Yokich said . ' ))

Input: That means two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario , and the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('That means . ' , CO / LIST('Two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario , and the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991.','Two plants -- one in Scarborough , Ontario , and the other in Lordstown , Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991 . ' ))

Input: The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers and about 2,500 workers in Ohio .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This is in Ohio . ' , CO / LIST('The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers . ','The shutdowns will idle about 2,500 workers . ' ))

Input: Robert White , Canadian Auto Workers union president , used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement and its champion , Prime Minister Brian Mulroney .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Brian Mulroney was Prime Minister . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Robert White was Canadian Auto Workers union president . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('Robert White used the impending Scarborough shutdown . ','This was to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement and its champion , Brian Mulroney . ' )) )

Input: But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move . ' , CO / LIST('A separate GM move affects three U.S. car plants . ','A separate GM move affects one in Quebec . ' ))

Input: Workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , Oklahoma City and Pontiac , Mich. , were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird and Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what workers at plants in Van Nuys , Calif. , Oklahoma City and Pontiac , Mich. , were told . ' , CO / LIST('Their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird . ','Their facilities are no longer being considered to build Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars . ' ))

Input: GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro - Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec , company and union officials said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / SPATIAL('This was at a plant in St. Therese , Quebec . ','GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably . ' ) , ' This was what company and union officials said . ' )

Input: That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys and Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This was in Van Nuys . ','This was in Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures . ' ) , ' That announcement left union officials . ' )

Input: At the Oklahoma City plant , which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight - year - old A - body mid - sized cars , Steve Featherston , UAW local vice president , said the plant has no new product lined up , and none of us knows when the A - body cars will die .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Steve Featherston was UAW local vice president . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Steve Featherston said at the Oklahoma City plant . ','The plant has no new product lined up . ' ) , ' No new product was lined up . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is at the Oklahoma City plant . ','No one of us knows when the A-body cars will die . ' )) )

Input: Merieux said the government 's minister of industry , science and technology told it that he was n't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Merieux said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the government 's minister of industry , science and technology told it . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he was n't convinced . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is to Canada . ','The purchase is likely to be of net benefit . ' )) ))

Input: Both Merieux and Connaught are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns .
Prediction: NONE

Input: He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns , but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ' , CO / CONTRAST(SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was about some attempts . ','It has reached the same conclusions . ' ) , ' This was to buy closely held concerns . ' ) , ' It eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed . ' ))

Input: This is n't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before , said Jodi Redmond , press secretary for Harvie Andre , Canada 's minister of industry , science and technology .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said they had n't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada , but added they hope to have more information early this week .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said . ' , CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was by either the government . ','This was by Investment Canada . ' ) , ' They had n't been informed of specific areas of concern . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This added . ','They hope to have more information early this week . ' )) )

Input: This has become a very politicized deal , concerning Canada 's only large , world - class bio - research or pharmaceutical company , Mr. Mehta said .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mehta was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This has become a very politicized deal . ','A very politicized deal was concerning Canada 's only large , world-class bio-research or pharmaceutical company . ' ) , ' This was what Mehta said . ' ))

Input: While neither side will disclose its contents , Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mehta was Mr .. ' , CO / CONTRAST('Neither side will disclose its contents . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada . ','Merieux offered to Investment Canada . ' )) )

Input: Some analysts , such as Murray Grossner of Toronto - based Richardson Greenshields Inc. , believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders , such as Switzerland 's Ciba - Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif.
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what some analysts believe . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is such as Switzerland 's Ciba-Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for other bidders . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is such as Switzerland 's Ciba-Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville , Calif. ','The government ruling leaves the door open . ' )) ))

Input: Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred - stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock , and added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Weatherford International Inc. said . ' , CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for a preferred-stock swap . ','It canceled plans . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('It may resume payment of dividends on the stock . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('It added . ','It expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares . ' )) ))

Input: Weatherford suspended its preferred - dividend payment in October 1985 and said it has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million , but will do so some time in the future .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in October 1985.','Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Weatherford said . ' , CO / CONTRAST('It has n't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million . ','It will do so some time in the future . ' )) )

Input: Additionally , the company said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock , expected to be offered in November .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock . ','It filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . ' ) , ' , Common stock was expected to be offered in November . ' ))

Input: The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. and Howard , Weil , Labouisse , Friedrichs Inc. , underwriters for the offering , were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over - allotments .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Weil was Labouisse was Friedrichs Inc .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(CO / LIST ( ' , Salomon Brothers Inc. were granted an option . ','Howard , Weil , Labouisse were granted an option . ' ) , ' This was to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments . ' )) )

Input: Proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts said that Merck & Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Warner - Lambert Co. and the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol - Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher - priced medicines that provide wide profit margins .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('Merck & Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines . ','Eli Lilly & Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines . ','Warner-Lambert Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines . ','The Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new , higher-priced medicines . ' ) , ' Relative new , higher-priced medicines provide wide profit margins . ' ))

Input: Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products , many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is from generic drugs . ','This is from other medicines . ' ) , ' Those companies'older products face stiffening competition . ' ))

Input: Joseph Riccardo , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. , said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow - growing businesses and instituted other cost savings , such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Joseph Riccardo was an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Joseph Riccardo said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was over the past few years . ' , CO / LIST('Most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs . ','Most drug makers have instituted other cost savings . ' )) )) )

Input: Analysts said profit for the dozen or so big drug makers , as a group , is estimated to have climbed between 11 % and 14 % .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as a group . ','Profit for the dozen or so big drug makers is estimated to have climbed between 11 % and 14 % . ' ))

Input: Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck 's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 % , propelled by sales of its line - up of fast - growing prescription drugs , including its anti - cholesterol drug , Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine , Vasotec ; Primaxin , an antibiotic , and Pepcid , an anti - ulcer medication .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sweig was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sweig estimated . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Merck 's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 % . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was including its anti-cholesterol drug , Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine , Vasotec ; Primaxin , an antibiotic , and Pepcid were an anti-ulcer medication . ','About 22 % was propelled by sales of its line-up of fast-growing prescription drugs . ' )) ))

Input: In the third quarter of 1988 , Merck earned $ 311.8 million , or 79 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter of 1988 . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Merck earned $ 311.8 million . ','Merck earned 79 cents a share . ' ))

Input: In last year 's third quarter , Lilly earned $ 171.4 million , or $ 1.20 a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in last year 's third quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Lilly earned $ 171.4 million . ','Lilly earned $ 1.20 a share . ' ))

Input: Several analysts said they expected Warner - Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it reported in the like period last year .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what several analysts said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was from $ 87.7 million . ','This was from $ 1.25 a share . ' ) , ' They expected Warner-Lambert 's profit also to increase by more than 20 % , it reported in the like period last year . ' ))

Input: The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with low profit margins . ','The company is praised by analysts . ' ))

Input: Squibb 's profit , estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share , it earned in the third quarter of 1988 , was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Squibb 's profit was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease . ' , ' , Squibb 's profit was estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('It earned in the third quarter of 1988 . ' , ' , Squibb 's profit was estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share . ' ))

Input: Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering - Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % , and Bristol - Meyers 's expected profit increase of about 13 % are largely because those companies are really managed well .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Riccardo was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Riccardo of Bear Stearns said . ' , SUB / CAUSE ( ' , Schering-Plough Corp. 's expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % , and Bristol-Meyers 's expected profit increase of about 13 % are largely . ','Those companies are really managed well . ' )) )

Input: ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million , or 84 cents a share , while Bristol - Myers earned $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , in the like period a year earlier .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(CO / DISJUNCTION ( ' , ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million a year earlier . ' , ' , ScheringPlough earned 84 cents a share . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the like period a year earlier . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Bristol-Myers earned $ 232.3 million . ','Bristol-Myers earned 81 cents a share . ' )) )

Input: Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs , Feldene for treating arthritis , and Procardia , a heart medicine , have shrunk because of increased competition .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Procardia was a heart medicine . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs were Feldene for treating arthritis , and Procardia . ' , ' , Sales of Pfizer 's important drugs have shrunk because of increased competition . ' ))

Input: In the third quarter last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million , or $ 1.29 a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the third quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Last year , Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million . ','Last year , Pfizer earned $ 1.29 a share . ' ))

Input: Analysts said they expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , it earned a year ago .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('They expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million a year ago . ','They expected Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with 49 cents a share , it earned a year ago . ' ) , ' Upjohn 's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million a year ago . ' ))

Input: Upjohn 's biggest - selling drugs are Xanax , a tranquilizer , and Halcion , a sedative .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Halcion is a sedative . ' , CO / LIST('Upjohn 's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax . ','Upjohn 's biggest-selling drugs are a tranquilizer . ','Upjohn 's biggest-selling drugs are Halcion . ' ))

Input: Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was about the excessive use of the drugs . ' , CO / LIST('New state laws were restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines . ','New state laws were restricting the prescriptions of adverse publicity . ' )) )

Input: Also , the company 's hair - growing drug , Rogaine , is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year , but the company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Rogaine was the company 's hair-growing drug . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is also . ','The company 's hair-growing drug is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year . ' ) , ' The company 's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn 's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising . ' ) , ' This was what analysts said . ' ))

Input: Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million , or 12 cents a share , in the year - earlier period .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million . ','Relational Technology reported net income of 12 cents a share . ' ))

Input: While our international operations showed strong growth , our domestic business was substantially below expectations , said Paul Newton , president and chief executive officer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman said the company 's first quarter is historically soft , and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman said . ','The company 's first quarter is historically soft . ' ) , ' , Computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales . ' )

Input: Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson , vice president of corporate sales , and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Newton was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Newton said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Thomas Wilson was vice president of corporate sales . ','He accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned . ' )) )

Input: In the previous quarter , the company earned $ 4.5 million , or 37 cents a share , on sales of $ 47.2 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 47.2 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the previous quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 4.5 million . ','The company earned 37 cents a share . ' )) )

Input: The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden , a great zoo , its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and , of course , the Yankees .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('A wonderful botanical garden is a great zoo . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is of course . ' , CO / LIST('The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB-.','The Bronx has the Yankees . ' )) )

Input: But Laura Cunningham 's Bronx , her childhood Bronx of the ' 50s , is something else altogether .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Laura Cunningham 's Bronx is her childhood Bronx of the ' 50s . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is altogether . ','But Laura Cunningham 's Bronx is something else altogether . ' ))

Input: In a lovely , novelistic memoir , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- , she remembers an exotic playground , peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics and the occasional Catholic -LRB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend , the hell - kitten Diana , age five -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Diana was her sexpot friend . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Diana was age five . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf , 195 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB-.','Diana was a lovely , novelistic memoir . ' ) CO / LIST ( ' , She remembers an exotic playground . ' , ' , She remembers the occasional Catholic -LRB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend . ' )) ))

Input: Ms. Cunningham , a novelist and playwright , has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Cunningham is Ms .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Cunningham is a novelist and playwright . ' , ' , Cunningham has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall . ' ))

Input: She transforms her Bronx of the emotions , a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx , a world simmering with sex and death and intrigue .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The emotions were a place . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was into hysteria . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was into the Babylonian Bronx . ' , ' , She transforms her Bronx of the emotions . ' ) , ' The flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents . ' )) )

Input: In the Babylonian Bronx , Jewish working - class people lived in drab , Soviet - style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB- , whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks , friezes of Pompeii .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Anna was owners . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the Babylonian Bronx . ','Jewish working-class people lived in drab , Soviet-style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB- . ' ) CO / LIST('Drab , Soviet-style buildings were glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB-.','Drab , Soviet-style buildings were glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after Morris Snezak -RRB- . ' )) )

Input: Sharp - witted and funny but never mean , she 's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote , if he 'd been Jewish and female and less bitchy .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION ( ' , Sharp-witted and funny but never mean . ' , SUB / CONDITION ( ' , She 's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote . ','He 'd been Jewish and female and less bitchy . ' ))

Input: Rosie reinvented this man , who may or may not have known about his child , as a war hero for Lily 's benefit .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was as a war hero for Lily 's benefit . ','Rosie reinvented this man . ' ) , ' This man may or may not have known about his child . ' )

Input: Rosie died young and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure , who did n't interfere much with her child 's education on the streets .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Rosie died young . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was as a romantic figure . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the streets . ','Lily has remembered her . ' ) , ' A romantic figure did n't interfere much with her child 's education . ' )) )

Input: The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them , for example -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards , but Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them -RRB- seem tame by today 's crack standards . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Cunningham is Ms .. ' , ' , Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure . ' ) , ' Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them , for example -RRB- . ' ))

Input: Without official knowledge of sex or death , we flirted with both , she writes .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was without official knowledge of sex or death . ','We flirted with both . ' ) , ' This is what she writes . ' )

Input: Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE(CO / LIST('Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept . ','Maybe Lily became so obsessed with how . ' ) , ' Her own arrangements kept shifting . ' )

Input: When Rosie died , her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Rosie died . ' , CO / LIST('Her uncles moved in . ','Her uncles let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements . ' ))

Input: They painted the apartment orange , pink and white , according to her instructions .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was according to her instructions . ' , CO / LIST('They painted the apartment orange , pink and white . ','They painted the apartment orange , pink and white . ' ))

Input: With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe , an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Uncle Len , a mysterious part - time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope , like an undercover President on a good - will mission .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Gabe was her Uncle . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Len was a mysterious part-time investigator . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was like an undercover President on a good-will mission . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with loving detail . ' , ' , She recalls Gabe , an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Len . ' ) , ' A mysterious part-time investigator looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope . ' )) ))

Input: Lily 's grandmother , no cookie baker , excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album , and lugged around her perennial work - in - progress , Philosophy for Women .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Lily 's grandmother was no cookie baker . ' , CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from the family album . ','Lily 's grandmother excised the heads of disliked relatives . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was for Women . ','Lily 's grandmother lugged around her perennial work-in-progress . ' )) )

Input: The book loses some momentum toward the end , when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This is toward the end . ','The book loses some momentum . ' ) , ' Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family . ' )

Input: But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press , 200 pages , $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped and static .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Harry is now a 57 - year - old writer , whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems quaintly out - of - synch .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Harry is now a 57-year-old writer . ' , CO / LIST('A 57-year-old writer 's continuing flirtation with drugs seems quaintly out-of-synch . ','A 57-year-old writer 's continuing flirtation with marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems quaintly out-of-synch . ' ))

Input: Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife , who 's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug - seeking forays into Manhattan .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife . ','Harry has avoided all that . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('His wife 's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is into Manhattan . ' , ' , She barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays . ' )) )

Input: But it does n't take too many lines to figure Harry out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 21 - square - mile area is contaminated with lead , zinc and other metals .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The company , which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday , said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third - quarter statement .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was in its financial statements . ','This was in that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for . ' ) , ' $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement . ' ) , ' The company issued a statement on the agreement late Friday . ' ))

Input: The agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval , the company said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST('The agreement are subject to court approval . ' , ' , consent decree are subject to court approval . ' ) , ' This was what the company said . ' )

Input: Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the Superfund law .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Gulf Resources added . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is from others for both the amount of the settlement . ','This is from others for any other liabilities . ' ) , ' It will seek to recover equitable contribution . ' ) , ' It may incur under the Superfund law any other liabilities . ' ))

Input: Many of the nation 's highest - ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was as an overdue comeuppance for speculators . ','This was as an overdue comeuppance for takeover players . ' ) , ' Many of the nation 's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday 's market plunge . ' )

Input: Assuming that the market does n't head into a bottomless free fall , some executives think Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy - out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what some executives think . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The market does n't head into a bottomless free fall . ','Friday 's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign . ' ) , ' The leveraged buy-out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating . ' ))

Input: The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes . ','It lopped billions of dollars . ' ))

Input: I 'm not going to worry about one day 's decline , said Kenneth Olsen , Digital Equipment Corp. president , who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company 's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50 .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this wo n't be a problem .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort . ','This wo n't be a problem . ' ) , ' The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery . ' )

Input: Of course , established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is of course . ' , CO / LIST('Established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators . ','Established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of takeover artists . ' ))

Input: Indeed , one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday 's events was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Trump was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was indeed . ','One chief executive was Robert Crandall , chairman of AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Trump . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was indeed . ','One chief executive was downright delighted by Friday 's events . ' )) )

Input: Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate , Mr. Crandall smiled broadly and said : No comment .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Crandall was Mr .. ' , CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Crandall smiled broadly . ','Asked whether Friday 's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Crandall said . ' , ' : No comment . ' )) )

Input: Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast , only two projected periods of decline in the nation 's output over the next two years , and in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession , said Lewis Preston , chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The real estate slump that 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The real estate slump is also affecting the city 's retail real estate market . ','The real estate slump 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing . ' ) , ' The real estate slump 's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing . ' )

Input: In Manhattan , once - desirable store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / SPATIAL('This is in Manhattan . ','Once-desirable store sites sit vacant . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This was in Manhattan . ','Newly constructed space has been slow to fill . ' ))

Input: Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy , turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what retail real estate brokers say . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('Tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy . ','Tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of turmoil in their own industries . ','Tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of a belief . ' ) , ' Rents have not yet hit bottom . ' ))

Input: A handful of hot retail locations , such as the 57th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas , have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was such as the 57th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas . ','A handful of hot retail locations have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents . ' ) , ' Many see as astronomical rents . ' )

Input: And , in some neighborhoods , rents have merely hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But on average , Manhattan retail rents have dropped 10 % to 15 % in the past six months alone , experts say .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the past six months alone . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on average . ','Manhattan retail rents have dropped 10 % to 15 % . ' ) , ' This is what experts say . ' ))

Input: As businesses contract or depart , the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks , says Edward A. Friedman , senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: He says financial problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market . ','Financial problems plaguing electronics , fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- . ' ))

Input: In these locations , Mr. Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Friedman was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in these locations . ','Friedman says , Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in these locations . ','Rates have remained steady or in some cases have declined . ' )) )

Input: It is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores , which anchor retail neighborhoods , are in doubt .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('It is also no comfort to landlords . ','It is also no comfort to small New York retailers . ' ) , ' The future of larger department stores are in doubt . ' ) , ' Larger department stores anchor retail neighborhoods . ' )

Input: Hooker Corp. , parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman 's , is mired in bankruptcy proceedings and Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner , Campeau Corp.
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Hooker Corp. was parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman's . ','Hooker Corp. is mired in bankruptcy proceedings . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Campeau Corp is its owner . ','Bloomingdale 's is for sale by its owner . ' ))

Input: But , despite the recent softening , for many of these retailers there 's still been too big a jump from the rental rates of the late 1970s , when their leases were signed .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from the rental rates of the late 1970s . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for many of these retailers . ','But there 's still been too big a jump . ' ) , ' Their leases were signed . ' ))

Input: Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot , and $ 250 is not uncommon .
Prediction: CO / LIST(CO / LIST('Madison and Fifth Avenues can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot . ','East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot . ' ) , ' $ 250 is not uncommon . ' )

Input: By contrast , rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is by contrast . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by contrast . ','Rentals in the best retail locations in Boston , San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot . ' )) )

Input: And rents on Beverly Hills'Rodeo Drive generally do n't exceed about $ 125 a square foot .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It makes investment castings and has traded over - the - counter .
Prediction: CO / LIST('It makes investment castings . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was . ','It has traded over-the-counter . ' ))

Input: This role reversal holds true , as well , for his three liberal and moderate allies , Justices Thurgood Marshall , Harry Blackmun and John Stevens .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Thurgood Marshall is Justices . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Thurgood Marshall is his three liberal and moderate allies . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is as well . ','This role reversal holds true for his three liberal and moderate allies Thurgood Marshall Harry Blackmun and John Stevens . ' )) )

Input: But are these four players , three of them in their 80s , ready to assume a different role after 88 years , collectively , of service on the high court ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role , and the frustrations that go with it , but in different ways .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Every indication is . ' , CO / LIST('The four are prepared to accept this new role . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The frustrations go with it , but in different ways . ','The frustrations frustrations go with it . ' )) )

Input: Justices Brennan and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Brenan is Justices . ','Brenan and Stevens appear philosophical about it . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Marshall is Justices . ','Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad . ' ))

Input: But always , in years past , they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in years past . ','But always , they have bucked the trend . ' ) SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in years past . ','But always , they have been able to pick up a fifth vote . ' ) , ' This was to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases . ' ))

Input: But Justice Brennan foresaw his new role , strongly defending the importance of dissents in a 1985 speech .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Brendan was Justice . ' , CO / LIST('But Brennan foresaw his new role . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a 1985 speech . ','But Brennan was strongly defending the importance of dissents . ' )) )

Input: Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result , he said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('Each time the court revisits an issue , the justices will be forced by a dissent . ','This was to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result . ' ) , ' This was what he said . ' )

Input: Associates of 81 - year - old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court 's direction last spring , but is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court 's cutbacks in civil rights .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Marshall was 81-year-old Justice . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Associates of Marshall say . ' , CO / CONTRAST('He was depressed about the court 's direction last spring . ' , CO / LIST('He is feisty about his role . ','He is determined to speak out against the court 's cutbacks in civil rights . ' )) ))

Input: We could sweep it under the rug and hide it , but I 'm not going to do it , he said in a speech last month .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is under the rug . ','We could sweep it . ' ) , ' I 'm not going to do it . ' ) , ' This was what he said in a speech last month . ' )

Input: Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future , he says .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is to a more distant future . ','Brynn and Marshall are speaking in their dissents . ' ) , ' This is what he says . ' )

Input: Friends and associates who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Blackmun was Justice . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what friends and associates who saw Blackmun during the summer said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was than in recent years . ','He was no more discouraged about the court . ' )) )

Input: And his outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in August . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was after successful cataract surgery . ','And his outlook improved . ' ))

Input: But his level of frustration showed in a recent , impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This was to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a recent , impassioned speech . ','But his level of frustration showed in a recent , impassioned speech . ' ))

Input: He concluded his remarks by quoting , emotionally and at some length , according to those present , the late Martin Luther King 's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Martin Luther King was the late Martin Luther King . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was by quoting , emotionally and at some length , according to those present . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was from the 1963 March on Washington . ','He concluded his remarks . ' )) )

Input: Justice Stevens , 69 , is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role , in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Stevens is Justice . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Stevens is 69 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is about his role . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in part because he may be the least liberal of the four , but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others . ' , ' , Stevens is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters . ' )) ))

Input: The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited , says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School , but the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('A.E. Dick Howard is Prof .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy . ','They inherited a legal legacy . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('The dissenters today are defending a legacy . ','They created a legacy . ' )) )

Input: The government sold the deposits of four savings - and - loan institutions , in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts , but low bids prevented the sale of a fifth .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in its first wave of sales of big , sick thrifts . ','The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions . ' ) , ' Low bids prevented the sale of a fifth . ' )

Input: Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. , which has aggressively expanded its markets , particularly in Texas and Florida .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Charlotte was N.C .. ','Two of the four big thrifts were sold to N.C .. ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This was particularly in Texas and Florida . ','NCNB Corp. , Charlotte , N.C. has aggressively expanded its markets . ' ))

Input: Under these deals , the RTC sells just the deposits and the healthy assets .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is under these deals . ' , CO / LIST('The RTC sells just the deposits . ','The RTC sells just the healthy assets . ' ))

Input: Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits and branch systems , roughly in line with what analysts were expecting .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was roughly . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the deposits and branch systems . ','Aquirers paid premiums . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was roughly . ','Aquirers were ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % . ' )) )

Input: But it 's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps .
Prediction: NONE

Input: NCNB , for example , has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market , and in Florida , rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for example . ','NCNB has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This is in Florida . ','Rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities . ' ))

Input: The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines , but the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for quick sales . ','The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts . ' ) , ' This was to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('The delays illustrate the tough chore . ','The tough chore is facing the agency . ' ))

Input: NCNB continued its foray into the Florida and Texas markets .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This was into the Florida and Texas markets . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was . ','NCNB continued its foray . ' ))

Input: It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets , and receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in assets . ','It will also purchase $ 473 million . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is from the RTC.','It will also receive $ 550 million in assistance . ' ))

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: NONE

Input: Limited Inc. , offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities and warrants .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , John Nuveen & Co. , Prudential - Bache Capital Funding , and Bateman Eichler , Hill Richards .
Prediction: NONE

Input: PacifiCare Health Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare and 800,000 shares by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- PacifiCare 's 71 % -RRB- , via Dillon , Read & Co. Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pricor Inc. , offering of one million new shares of common stock and 300,000 shares by holders , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and J.C. Bradford & Co.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Time magazine , in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers , is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year , increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is to advertisers for the second consecutive year . ','Time magazine is lowering its circulation guarantee . ' ) , ' This is to advertisers for the second consecutive year . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers . ' , CO / LIST('Time magazine is increasing its subscription rates . ','Time magazine is cutting back on merchandise giveaways . ' )) )

Input: In an announcement to its staff last week , executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de - emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000 , to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55 .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what executives at Time Warner Inc. 's weekly magazine said in an announcement to its staff last week . ' , CO / LIST('Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by 300,000 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to four million . ','It guarantees advertisers the circulation . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is by about $ 4 to $ 55.','Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives . ' )) ))

Input: Time is following the course of some other mass - circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high , and expensive , circulations is the way to draw advertisers .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Some other mass-circulation magazines in recent years have challenged the publishing myth . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('Maintaining artificially high , and expensive , circulations is the way . ','This is to draw advertisers . ' )) )

Input: In recent years , Reader 's Digest , New York Times Co. 's McCall 's , and most recently News Corp. 's TV Guide , have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in recent years . ' , CO / LIST('Reader 's Digest have cut their massive circulation rate bases . ','New York Times Co. 's McCall 's have cut their massive circulation rate bases . ','Most recently News Corp. 's TV Guide , have cut their massive circulation rate bases . ' ) , ' This was to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers . ' ))

Input: Deep discounts in subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper - competitive world of magazine news - weeklies .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Time , as part of the more cost - conscious Time Warner , wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is away from expensive gimmicks . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is as part of the more cost-conscious Time Warner . ','But Time wants to wean itself . ' ))

Input: Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength and actually a benefit to advertisers .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to advertisers . ' , CO / LIST('The circulation was cut as a show of strength . ','The circulation was cut as actually a benefit . ' )) )

Input: What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and do n't really read it , said Mr. Heinemann .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We are trying to create quality and involvement .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Time 's paid circulation , according to Audit Bureau of Circulations , dropped 7.3 % to 4,393,237 in the six months ended June 30 , 1989 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was to 4,393,237 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was according to Audit Bureau of Circulations . ','And Time 's paid circulation dropped 7.3 % . ' ) , ' The six months were ended June 30 , 1989 . ' ))

Input: Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine 's net revenue per subscriber , or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Heinemann was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Heinemann said . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('A magazine 's net revenue per subscriber have been stripped away . ','The actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away . ' )) ))

Input: Time 's rivals news - weeklies , Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report , are less reliant on electronic giveaways , and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases .
Prediction: CO / LIST(CO / LIST('Time 's rivals news-weeklies are Washington Post Co. 's Newsweek . ','Time 's rivals news-weeklies are U.S. News & World Report . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in recent years . ','Both have been increasing their circulation rate bases . ' ))

Input: Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for 1990 within a month .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was within a month . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for 1990.','Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels . ' ))

Input: It is bigger , faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But for all its success , CNN has hit a plateau .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CNN executives worry that the network 's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale and wo n't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable - TV .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what CNN executives worry . ','The network 's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , CNN executives wo n't keep viewers . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The alternatives multiply for news and information on cable-TV.','The alternatives multiply for news and information on cable-TV . ' )) )

Input: Just the fact we 're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin , says Ed Turner , CNN 's executive vice president , news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So CNN , a unit of Atlanta - based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. , is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel , or what people in the television industry call a top of mind network .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , So CNN is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel , or what people in the television industry call a top of mind network . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc. is So . ' , ' , So CNN is a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc .. ' ))

Input: The show will be co - anchored by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier , a 34 - year - old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('Bernard Shaw were a 34-year-old former Texas judge . ','Bernard Shaw were campus beauty queen . ' ) , ' , Catherine Crier were a 34-year-old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('The show will be co-anchored by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier . ' , ' , Campus beauty queen has never held a job in television or journalism . ' ))

Input: To distinguish itself , CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global - news program .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE('This is to distinguish itself . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , CNN is also expanding international coverage . ' , ' , CNN is also adding a second global-news program . ' ))

Input: It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And it is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large investigative - reporting team .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that wo n't be easy .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('It also takes money . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent . ','Viewers will tune in specially to see . ' ))

Input: And the cable - TV operators -- CNN 's distributors and part owners -- like things just the way they are .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN 's unsteady viewership -- and what may happen to it as the cable - TV news market grows more competitive .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Already , CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is from Financial News Network Inc .. ','This is from General Electric Co. 's Consumer News and Business Channel , both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is already . ' , ' , CNN is facing stronger competition . ' ))

Input: In addition , many cable - TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs produced by local broadcast stations .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in addition . ','Many cable-TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs . ' ) , ' More local and regional news programs were produced by local broadcast stations . ' )

Input: Its watchers are , on the whole , a disloyal group of channel - zapping grazers and news junkies , who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN , according to audience research .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is on the whole . ' , CO / LIST('Its watchers are a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers . ','Its watchers are a disloyal group of news junkies . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is according to audience research . ','News junkies spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN . ' )) )

Input: The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data , and advertising , become more important to cable - TV channels .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('The brief attention viewers give . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is at a disadvantage . ' , ' , CNN could put it . ' ) , ' Ratings data , and advertising , become more important to cable-TV channels . ' ))

Input: It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world , so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Events took place . ','It could go live quicker and longer than other networks . ' ))

Input: It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak , Daywatch , Newsday , and Newsnight , but the shows varied little in content , personality or look .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('It filled its daily schedule with newscasts . ' , CO / LIST('Newcasts called Daybreak . ','Newcasts called Daywatch . ','Newcasts called Newsday . ','Newcasts called Newsnight . ' ) , ' The shows varied little in content , personality or look . ' ))

Input: And it is exploring other original programs , similar to its Larry King Live and Crossfire talk shows , which executives hope will keep people tuned in .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was similar to its Larry King Live . ','This was similar to Crossfire talk shows . ' ) , ' And it is exploring other original programs . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what executives hope . ','Will keep people tuned in . ' ))

Input: Then there 's The World Today , the prime - time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Shaw is Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The World Today is the prime-time newscast featuring Shaw and Crier . ','Then there 's The World Today . ' ))

Input: But 70 % of the cable - television - equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m. , the network discovered , so CNN wants in .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('But 70 % of the cable-television-equipped households do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m .. ','The network discovered . ' ) , ' , CNN wants in . ' )

Input: I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what , at least in the public 's mind , is the same news , says Reuven Frank , the former two - time president of NBC News and creator of the Huntley - Brinkley Report .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % , but they 're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST ( ' , CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 % . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was compared with the networks . ','They're still drastically underpaid . ' ))

Input: But to improve , they 've really got to make the investment in people .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE('This was to improve . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in people . ','But , they 've really got to make the investment . ' ))

Input: In the Pennzoil / Texaco litigation , the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the Pennzoil / Texaco litigation . ','The courts found . ' ) CO / LIST('Pennzoil intended to be bound . ','Getty Oil intended to be bound . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in Arcadian Phosphates . ','They found there was no intention to be bound . ' )) )

Input: But the outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the facts , as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits , were different .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('And the facts were different . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in these two lawsuits . ','And the facts were found by the various courts . ' ))

Input: When you suggest otherwise , you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('You suggest otherwise . ' , CO / LIST('You leave the realm of reporting . ','You enter the orbit of speculation . ' ))

Input: The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE('The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in amounts . ','Amounts were related to areas . ' ) , ' Deposits are received . ' ))

Input: Terms were n't disclosed , but Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('Terms were n't disclosed . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Valley Federal had said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in operating costs annually . ','It expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million . ' )) )

Input: Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp. , which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Valley Federal said Friday . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp .. ','It is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Imperial Corp. said . ','It is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements . ' )) )

Input: Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in their efforts . ','Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack . ' ) , ' This was to defuse suits filed by borrowers , developers and creditors . ' )

Input: The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits , numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone , should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what the thrifts'lawyers claim . ' , SUB / CAUSE('The suits should be dismissed as moot . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in Texas alone . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments . ','Neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments . ' )) ))

Input: Still , one federal appeals court has signaled it 's willing to entertain the notion , and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what one federal appeals court has signaled . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('It 's willing to entertain the notion . ' , SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This was in Texas . ','This was in eight other states . ' ) , ' The lawyers have renewed their arguments . ' ) , ' The defense is permitted under state law . ' )) )

Input: The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills , which topped $ 73 million last year .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC 's massive legal bills . ','The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way . ' ) , ' The FSLIC 's massive legal bills topped $ 73 million last year . ' )

Input: Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party , including FSLIC .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is including FSLIC.','There will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party . ' ))

Input: But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the court said . ' , CO / LIST('It lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt . ','It lacked enough financial information about the FSLIC . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This was back to federal district court in Dallas . ','It sent the cases . ' ))

Input: But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group , the developer of Valley Ranch , dismisses such arguments as a defense du jour .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Triland Investment Group is the developer of Valley Ranch . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is as a defense du jour . ','But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group dismisses such arguments . ' ))

Input: We 'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home , but has found the commute too difficult to continue .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Thygerson was Mr .. ' , CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Thygerson said . ' , CO / LIST('He had planned to travel between the job in Denver . ','He had planned to travel between his San Diego home . ' ) , ' Thygerson has found the commute too difficult to continue . ' )) )

Input: SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC 's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his release within the next few months is widely expected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots , and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Soviet Union reported . ','Thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots . ' ) SUB / PURPOSE('Food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment . ','This was to move the cargo . ' ))

Input: Strikes and mismanagement were cited , and Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures .
Prediction: CO / LIST(CO / LIST ( ' , Strikes were cited . ','Mismanagement were cited . ' ) , ' Principal Ryzhkov warned of tough measures . ' )

Input: Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape and incest .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Bush indicated . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in a bill . ','There might be room for flexibility . ' ) , ' This is to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape and incest . ' ))

Input: He reiterated his opposition to such funding , but expressed hope of a compromise .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was to such funding . ','He reiterated his opposition . ' ) , ' He expressed hope of a compromise . ' )

Input: South Korea 's President Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five - day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Roh was South Korea 's President . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / SPATIAL('This was for a five-day visit . ','Roh traveled to the U.S .. ' ) , ' A five-day visit is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul . ' ))

Input: Roh , who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea , is to meet with Bush tomorrow and is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('Roh is to meet with Bush tomorrow . ','Roh is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This is in South Korea . ','Roh is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces . ' ))

Input: China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti - party elements and wealthy private businessmen , whom they called exploiters .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST ( ' , China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti-party elements . ' , ' , China 's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of wealthy private businessmen . ' ) , ' They called exploiters wealthy private businessmen . ' ) , ' Wouldy private businessmen were the party of hostile and anti-party elements . ' )

Input: Zaire 's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mobutu was Zaire 's President . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Savimbi was Angolan rebel leader . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was with Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy . ','Mobutu met in southern France . ' ) , ' This was to revive an accord to end Angola 's civil war . ' )) )

Input: The decision is the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. Posner that began in August .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Posner was the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The decision is Posner . ','The latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. began in August . ' ))

Input: One week later , Leonard H. Roberts , president and chief executive officer of Arby 's , was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Posner was a dispute with Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Leonard H. Roberts was president and chief executive officer of Arby 's . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was one week later . ','Leonard H. Roberts was fired in Posner . ' )) )

Input: The franchisees , owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us , because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby 's system .
Prediction: CO / LIST('The franchisees , owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby 's in the U.S. , said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what we have concluded . ' , SUB / CAUSE ( ' , Continued control of Arby 's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to the Arby 's system . ','It is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage . ' )) ))

Input: We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(CO / LIST('We support all efforts . ','We support all efforts . ' ) , ' This is to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby 's Inc. and the Arby 's system . ' )

Input: The group said it would consider , among other things , withholding royalty payments and initiating a class - action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the group said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is among other things . ' , CO / LIST('It would consider withholding royalty payments . ','It would consider initiating a class-action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings . ' )) )

Input: In Florida , Renee Mottram , a senior vice president at DWG , responded : We do n't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self - serving motives .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Renee Mottram was a senior vice president at DWG . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was in Florida . ','Renee Mottram responded . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('We do n't think . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Any individual or group should disrupt a winning system . ','Any individual or group should illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives . ' )) ))

Input: September 's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists , and the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , September 's steep rise in producer prices shows . ','Inflation still persists . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('The pessimism over interest rates contributed to the stock market 's plunge Friday . ','Interest rates were caused by the new price data . ' ))

Input: That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August , and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy .
Prediction: CO / LIST('That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('That rise suggested . ','There is still healthy consumer demand in the economy . ' ))

Input: But economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('But economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The inflation threat was signaled by the new numbers . ','The inflation threat was signaled by the new numbers . ' ))

Input: The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself , but what is even worse is that excluding food and energy , the producer price index still increased by 0.7 % , said Gordon Richards , an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis , blamed rising energy prices and the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sung Won Sohn was chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in car prices . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for most of the September jump . ' , CO / LIST('But Sung Won Sohn blamed rising energy prices . ','But Sung Won Sohn blamed the annual autumn increase . ' )) ))

Input: Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index , but the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what analysts had expected . ','The climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index . ' ) , ' The 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated . ' )

Input: But Dirk Van Dongen , president of the National Association of Wholesaler - Distributors , said that last month 's rise is n't as bad an omen as the 0.9 % figure suggests .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Dirk Van Dongen was president of the National Association of Wholesaler-Distributors . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Dirk Van Dongen said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Last month 's rise is n't as bad an omen . ','The 0.9 % figure suggests . ' )) )

Input: If you examine the data carefully , the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad - based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods , he explained .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / CONDITION('You examine the data carefully . ','The increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices , rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods . ' ) , ' This was what he explained . ' )

Input: Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September , after climbing 0.5 % in August and declining in the late spring and summer .
Prediction: SUB / TEMPORAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in September . ','Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % . ' ) CO / LIST('Passenger car prices were climbing 0.5 % in August . ','Passenger car prices were declining in the late spring and summer . ' ))

Input: But at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices , analysts said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was at least . ','But part of the increase could have come from higher prices . ' ) , ' This was what analysts said . ' )

Input: Prices for crude goods , an array of raw materials , jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Prices for crude goods were an array of raw materials . ' , SUB / TEMPORAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was after declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July . ','Prices for crude goods jumped 1.1 % . ' ) , ' Prices for crude goods were declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July . ' ))

Input: Here are the Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September , before seasonal adjustment , and the percentage changes from September , 1988 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is before seasonal adjustment . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is here . ' , CO / LIST('The Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September -LRB- the percentage changes from September , 1988 -RRB-.','The Labor Department 's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September -LRB- the percentage changes from September , 1988 -RRB- . ' )) )

Input: In the year - earlier period , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 , but no per - share earnings .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period . ' , CO / CONTRAST ( ' , CityFed had net income of $ 485,000 . ' , ' , CityFed had no per-share earnings . ' ))

Input: CityFed 's president and chief executive officer , John Atherton , said the loss stems from several factors .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('John Atherton was CityFed 's president and chief executive officer . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what CityFed 's president and chief executive officer said . ','The loss stems from several factors . ' ))

Input: He said nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 700 million from $ 516 million between June and September .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was from $ 516 million between June and September . ','Nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 700 million . ' ))

Input: Accordingly , CityFed estimated that it will provide between $ 85 million and $ 110 million for credit losses in the third quarter .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what CityFed estimated . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for credit losses in the third quarter . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is according . ','It will provide between $ 85 million and $ 110 million . ' )) )

Input: City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida .
Prediction: NONE

Input: CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida and , as a result , is taking a charge for discontinued operations .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what CityFed said . ' , CO / LIST(SUB / SPATIAL('This is outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida . ','It expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is as a result . ','It is taking a charge for discontinued operations . ' )) )

Input: He added , however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves , the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was however . ','He added . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Certain accounting issues were relating to mortgages servicing . ' , ' , Certain accounting issues were relating to the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect . ' )) ))

Input: In a statement , Miami - based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses and apparent losses in its junk - bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Miami-based CenTrust said in a statement . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in its junk-bond portfolio . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in ordering the suspension of the dividends . ' , CO / LIST('The regulators cited the thrift 's operating losses . ','The regulators cited apparent losses . ' )) ))

Input: David L. Paul , chairman and chief executive officer , criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision , which issued the directive , saying it was inappropriate and based on insufficient reasons .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('David L. Paul was chairman and chief executive officer . ','David L. Paul criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what David L. Paul was saying . ' , CO / LIST('It was inappropriate . ','It was based on insufficient reasons . ' )) )

Input: In March , regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution , largely because of its big junk - bond holdings and its operating losses .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in March . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was largely because of its big junk-bond holdings . ','This was largely because of its operating losses . ' ) , ' Regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution . ' ))

Input: Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Paul was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Paul said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities . ','Tradeable securities were registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission . ' )) )

Input: The remainder , he said , are commercial loan participations , or private placements , that are n't filed with the SEC and do n't have a ready market .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('The remainder are commercial loan participations . ','The remainder are private placements . ' ) , ' , Commercial loan participations or private placements are n't filed with the SEC . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('The remainder do n't have a ready market . ' , ' , Private placements do n't have a ready market . ' ))

Input: CenTrust and regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings , but CenTrust has said it ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what CenTrust has said . ' , CO / LIST('It ca n't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds . ','It ca n't easily obtain such values because of lack of a ready market . ' )) )

Input: Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's and other thrifts'junk - bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk - bond market .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation . ','This was in light of the recent deep decline in the junk-bond market . ' ) , ' Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust 's and other thrifts'junk-bond holdings . ' )

Input: In a statement Friday , Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision , saying the thrift 's operating losses and apparent junk - bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Paul was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Paul challenged the regulators'decision in a statement Friday . ' , CO / LIST('Paul was saying the thrift 's operating losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank . ','Paul was saying apparent junk-bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank . ' )) )

Input: Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction , which was announced in July , long before now .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the proposed transaction . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was long before now . ','Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision . ' ) , ' The proposed transaction was announced in July . ' ))

Input: Branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the event . ','Federal regulators take over an institution . ' ) , ' Branches and deposits can be sold at a premium . ' )

Input: CenTrust , however , touts the branch sale , saying it would bring in $ 150 million and reduce the thrift 's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is however . ' , ' , CenTrust touts the branch sale . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what CenTrust is saying . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to $ 6.7 billion . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is from $ 9 billion . ','It would bring in $ 150 million . ' )) ))

Input: It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million , or about 1.2 % of assets , from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 , thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what it said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30 . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards . ','The sale would give it positive tangible capital of about 1.2 % of assets thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards . ' )) )

Input: Critics , however , say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits and junk bonds .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what critics say . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is on brokenred deposits . ','This is on junk bonds . ' ) , ' The branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever . ' ))

Input: The thrift is also working to unload its junk - bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds , and it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by continuing to sell off the bonds . ','The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a separate affiliate , as required under the new thrift law . ','It plans to eventually place some of them . ' ))

Input: But perhaps even more remarkable , the three - hour - show , Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- , regularly wins the top slot in the country 's TV ratings , sometimes drawing as many as 50 % of West German households .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Wilten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- is the three-hour-show . ' , CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in the country 's TV ratings . ','But perhaps even more remarkable , Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- regularly wins the top slot . ' ) , ' But perhaps even more remarkable , Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB- is sometimes drawing as many as 50 % of West German households . ' ))

Input: As the 1992 economic integration approaches , Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism , threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas , Miami Vice and L.A. Law .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('The 1992 economic integration approaches . ' , CO / LIST('Europe 's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism . ' , SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This was as Dallas . ','This was as Miami Vice . ','This was as L.A. Law . ' ) , ' Europe 's cultural curators have threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders . ' )) )

Input: But much of what the Europeans want to protect seems every bit as cheesy as what they are trying to keep out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers , who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers . ' , CO / LIST('French television and movie producers have demanded quotas . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('French television and movie producers were ensuring . ','A full 60 % of Europe 's TV shows be produced in Europe . ' )) )

Input: A glance through the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why .
Prediction: NONE

Input: While there are some popular action and drama series , few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('There are some popular action and drama series . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Few boast the high culture and classy production values . ','One might expect the high culture and classy production values . ' ))

Input: More European air time is filled with low - budget game shows , variety hours , movies and talk shows , many of which are authorized knock - offs of their American counterparts .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows . ','More European air time is filled with variety hours . ','More European air time is filled with movies . ','More European air time is filled with talk shows . ' ) , ' Many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts . ' )

Input: Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost , agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans - Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Burt was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Hans-Dietrich Genscher was West German Foreign Minister . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as if he had lost . ','Burt nonetheless paid the penalty , agreeing to spend a day with Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes . ' )) )

Input: European programs usually target only their own local audience , and often only a small portion of that .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mega - hits in Germany or Italy rarely make it even to France or Great Britain , and almost never show up on U.S. screens .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / SPATIAL('This is even to France or Great Britain . ','Mega-hits in Germany or Italy rarely make it . ' ) , ' Mega-hits in Germany or Italy almost never show up on U.S. screens . ' )

Input: For the most part , what 's made here stays here , and for good reason .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is for the most part . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for good reason . ','What 's made here stays here . ' ))

Input: There is , for instance , One Man and His Dog , a herding contest among sheep dogs .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is for instance . ','This is for One Man . ','This is for His Dog . ' ) , ' There is a herding contest among sheep dogs . ' )

Input: Also riveting to the British are hours of dart - throwing championships , even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A French knock - off of Dallas , called Chateauvallon and set in a French vineyard , had a good run in France , which ended after the female lead was injured in a real - life auto accident .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / SPATIAL('A French knock-off of Dallas had a good run in France . ','A French knock-off of Dallas was called Chateauvallon and set in a French vineyard . ' ) SUB / TEMPORAL('France ended . ','The female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident . ' ))

Input: Schwarzwaldklinik , -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB- , a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa , is popular in Germany , and has spread into France .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Schwarzwaldklinik was a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Schwarzwaldklinik is popular in Germany . ' , ' , Schwarzwaldklinik has spread into France . ' ))

Input: Italy 's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra , or The Octopus , which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Italy 's most popular series is a drama . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('A drama was called La Piovra . ','A drama was called The Octopus . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This is in Palermo . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is against the Mafia . ','A drama chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator . ' )) ))

Input: But frequently there is n't much choice .
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 've basically got to start from scratch , to train writers and producers to make shows that other people will want to see , concedes Colin Young , head of Britain 's National Film Theatre School .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Until recently , national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was until recently . ','National governments in Europe controlled most of the air time . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was until recently . ','National governments in Europe allowed little or no advertising . ' ))

Input: Since production costs were guaranteed , it did n't matter that a program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication , as most American programs are .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE('Production costs were guaranteed . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('It did n't matter . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A program could n't be sold abroad or put into syndication . ','Most American programs are . ' )) )

Input: But not much money was spent on the shows , either , a situation that encouraged cheap - to - make talk and game shows , while discouraging expensive - to - produce dramas .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The shows were either . ','A situation encouraged cheap-to-make talk and game shows , while discouraging expensive-to-produce dramas . ' ) , ' But not much money was spent on the shows . ' )

Input: Now , however , commercial channels are coming to most European countries , and at the same time , satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is however . ' , ' , Commercial channels are coming to most European countries . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is now . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is at the same time . ' , ' , Satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly . ' )) )

Input: The result is a new and huge appetite for programming .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas , most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S ..
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the consternation of those . ','Those were calling for quotas . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('But perhaps to the consternation of those is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows . ' , ' , Shows were made in the U.S .. ' ))

Input: Lisa Grishaw - Mueller in Bonn , Laura Colby in Milan , Tim Carrington in London and Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to this article .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn was Laura Colby in Milan . ' , CO / LIST('Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article . ','Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article . ','Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article . ','Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article . ','Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article . ','Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn contributed to this article . ' ))

Input: British Aerospace PLC and France 's Thomson - CSF S.A. said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided - missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what British Aerospace PLC and France 's Thomson-CSF S.A. said . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('They are nearing an agreement . ','This is to merge their guided-missile divisions , greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors . ' ))

Input: The 50 - 50 joint venture , which may be dubbed Eurodynamics , would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world 's largest missile makers .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('The 50-50 joint venture would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB-.','The 50-50 joint venture would be among the world 's largest missile makers . ' ) , ' The 50-50 joint venture may be dubbed Eurodynamics . ' )

Input: After two years of talks , plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French and British government clearance .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was after two years of talks . ','Plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies . ' ) , ' This was to seek French and British government clearance . ' )

Input: The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies , and help make them a leading force in European defense contracting .
Prediction: CO / LIST('The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in European defense contracting . ','The venture would help make them a leading force . ' ))

Input: In recent months , a string of cross - border mergers and joint ventures have reshaped the once - balkanized world of European arms manufacture .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in recent months . ' , CO / LIST('A string of cross-border mergers have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture . ','Joint ventures have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture . ' ))

Input: Already , British Aerospace and French government - controlled Thomson - CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air - traffic control radar system .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is already . ' , CO / LIST('British Aerospace collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air-traffic control radar system . ','French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air-traffic control radar system . ' ))

Input: The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe 's defense industry .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This is in Western Europe 's defense industry . ' , CO / LIST('The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy . ','The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy . ' ))

Input: Most threatened by closer British Aerospace - Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals , including Matra S.A. in France and Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(CO / LIST('This is including Matra S.A. in France . ','This is including Britain 's General Electric Co. PLC . ' ) , ' Most threatened by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals . ' )

Input: But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is as their competitors join forces . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is unrelated to Stamford , Conn.-based General Electric Co .. ','But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford , Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by . ' ))

Input: Yesterday , a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight , as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson - CSF .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a source close to GEC confirmed . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is as part of a possible consortium . ','His company may join the Ferranti fight . ' ) , ' A possible consortium would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF . ' ))

Input: Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra , Britain 's Dowty Group PLC , West Germany 's Daimler - Benz AG , and France 's Dassault group .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('Matra is Britain 's Dowty Group PLC.','Matra is West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG.','Matra is France 's Dassault group . ' ) , ' , Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra . ' )

Input: But it may be weeks before GEC and its potential partners decide whether to bid , the source indicated .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / TEMPORAL('But it may be weeks . ' , CO / LIST('GEC decide whether to bid . ','Its potential partners decide whether to bid . ' ) , ' This was what the source indicated . ' ))

Input: Also , any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC 's main competitor on several key defense - electronics contracts , and its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country 's defense industry .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was also . ','Any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is about concentration in the country 's defense industry . ','Its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries . ' ))

Input: A consortium bid , however , would diminish GEC 's direct role in Ferranti and might consequently appease ministry officials .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / SPATIAL('This is in Ferranti . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is however . ','A consortium bid would diminish GEC 's direct role . ' ) , ' A consortium bid might consequently appease ministry officials . ' ))

Input: For both Thomson and British Aerospace , earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight - fisted defense ministries ; and Middle East sales , a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports , have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for both Thomson and British Aerospace . ','Earnings in their home markets have come under pressure . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Middle East sales were a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports . ','Middle East sales have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices . ' )) )

Input: The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance , West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co. , and Daimler - Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt - Boelkow Blohm G.m.b . H.
Prediction: CO / LIST('The European defense industry is consolidating . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a takeover of Britain 's Plessey Co .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for instance . ','West Germany 's Siemens AG recently joined GEC . ' ) , ' Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b . H. ' ))

Input: In missiles , Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival , France 's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to better compete , Thomson officials say , they need a partnership .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('France 's Aerospatiale S.A. was its home rival . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in missiles . ','Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival . ' ) SUB / PURPOSE('This is to better compete . ','Thomson officials say , they need a partnership . ' )) )

Input: Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S. , said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Interprovincial , Canada 's biggest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S. said . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what revised industry forecasts indicate . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by 1991 , 8 % lower than a previous estimate . ' , ' , Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day . ' )) )

Input: The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping , and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically , as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas , said Ronald Watkins , vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial 's parent , Interhome Energy Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January and is expected to fall further , making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Watkins was Mr .. ' , CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Watkins said . ','Volume on Interprovincial 's system is down about 2 % since January . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was until perhaps the mid-1990s . ','Watkins is expected to fall further , making expansion unnecessary . ' )) )

Input: Many of Canada 's oil and gas producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil , and have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what many of Canada 's oil and gas producers say . ','The outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was accordingly . ','Many of Canada 's oil and gas producers have shifted their exploration and development budgets . ' ))

Input: The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago , and the number of completed oil wells is down more than that , due to the increasing focus on gas exploration , said Robert Feick , manager of crude oil with Calgary 's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada , and almost 60 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude . ','All crude was produced in western Canada . ' ) , ' Almost 60 % of Interprovincial 's total volume consists of light crude . ' )

Input: Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial 's system , whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region , including Chicago , Buffalo , Toronto and Montreal .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / SPATIAL('This was including Chicago , Buffalo , Toronto and Montreal . ','Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial 's system . ' ) SUB / SPATIAL('This is to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is including Chicago , Buffalo , Toronto and Montreal . ','Interprovincial 's system 's main line runs from Edmonton . ' )) )

Input: Canada 's current oil exports to the U.S. total about 600,000 barrels a day , or about 9.1 % of net U.S. crude imports , said John Lichtblau , president of the New York - based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: That ranks Canada as the fourth - largest source of imported crude , behind Saudi Arabia , Nigeria and Mexico .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This is as the fourth-largest source of imported crude . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is behind Saudi Arabia , Nigeria and Mexico . ','That ranks Canada . ' ))

Input: But when something is inevitable , you learn to live with it , he said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Something is inevitable . ','But , you learn to live with it . ' ) , ' This was what he said . ' )

Input: Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third - quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume and increased costs .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume . ','This was from the previous quarter as a result of increased costs . ' ) , ' Third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % . ' ))

Input: In the second quarter , the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share , including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit , on sales of $ 1.11 billion .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was including a pretax charge of $ 17 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 1.11 billion . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million . ','The steelmaker had net income of $ 1.25 a share . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the second quarter . ','The steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share . ' )) ))

Input: The company said normal seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter , compared with the second quarter .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was by 200,000 tons . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the latest quarter . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was compared with the second quarter . ','Normal seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments . ' )) ))

Input: At the same time , the integrated - steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair and maintenance expenses , as well as higher labor costs under its new contract .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was under its new contract . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was at the same time . ' , CO / LIST('The integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs . ','The integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in repair and maintenance expenses , as well as higher labor costs . ' )) )

Input: The service - center business was hurt by reduced margins and start - up costs associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins . ','The service-center business was hurt by start-up costs . ' ) , ' , Start-up costs were associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit . ' )

Input: The company said it is beginning to see some shipping - rate improvements in both the intergrated - steel and steel - service - center segments , which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in both the intergrated-steel and steel-service-center segments . ','It is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements . ' ) , ' , Some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel and steel-service-center segments should result in improved results for the fourth quarter . ' ))

Input: In the year - earlier third quarter , when the industry was in the midst of a boom , the company had net of $ 61 million , or $ 1.70 a share , on sales of $ 1.02 billion .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 1.02 billion . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier third quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The industry was in the midst of a boom . ','The company had net of $ 61 million . ','The company had net of $ 1.70 a share . ' )) )

Input: Take Microsoft Corp. , the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Microsoft Corp. was the largest maker of personal computer software . ' , CO / LIST('Take Microsoft Corp .. ','Take Microsoft Corp. generally considered an industry bellwether . ' ))

Input: But that was all of three months ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: To illustrate , Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer - related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year 's results , and half above those results .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Rogers was Mr .. ' , SUB / PURPOSE('This was to illustrate . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Rogers said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is below last year 's results , and half above those results . ','Of the 14 computer-related firms he follows , half will report for their most recent quarter earnings . ' )) ))

Input: Among those companies expected to have a down quarter are Hewlett - Packard Co. , Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc. , generally solid performers in the past .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was among those companies . ','Those companies are Hewlett-Packard Co. , Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc .. ' ) , ' Those companies are expected to have a down quarter . ' )

Input: In July , the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million , or 23 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the company reported in July . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was to $ 7.4 million . ','This was to 23 cents a share . ' ) , ' Its fourth quarter was ended June 30 . ' )) )

Input: In computer publishing , a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc. , which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in computer publishing . ','A battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc .. ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Adobe Systems Inc. sells software . ' , ' , Software controls the image produced by printers and displays . ' ))

Input: Until recently , Adobe had a lock on the market for image software , but last month Apple , Adobe 's biggest customer , and Microsoft rebelled .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was until recently . ','Adobe had a lock on the market for image software . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Apple was last month . ' , CO / LIST('Apple 's biggest customer rebelled . ','Microsoft rebelled . ' )) )

Input: Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe 's approach , and analysts say they are likely to carry IBM , the biggest seller of personal computers , along with them .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is to Adobe 's approach . ','Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('IBM is the biggest seller of personal computers . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is along with them . ','They are likely to carry IBM . ' )) ))

Input: It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales , said Russ Crabs , an analyst at Soundview Financial Group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel , while the nine other leading computer makers , including H - P and Compaq Computer Corp. , have chosen another method .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('IBM is backing one type of bus . ','Bus was called microchannel . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was including H-P and Compaq Computer Corp .. ','The nine other leading computer makers have chosen another method . ' ))

Input: He said Apple 's family of Macintosh computers , for instance , uses four different buses and no one seems to mind .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for instance . ','Apple 's family of Macintosh computers uses four different buses . ' ) , ' No one seems to mind . ' ))

Input: The gap between winners and laggards will grow .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In personal computers , Apple , Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold on their business .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on their business . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in personal computers . ','Apple , Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold . ' ))

Input: Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business , but they have n't delivered products that sell , said Kimball Brown , an analyst at Prudential - Bache Securities .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Ever - more powerful desk - top computers , designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains , are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Ever-more powerful desk-top computers are expected to increasingly take on functions . ','Facilities were carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes . ' ) , ' Ever-more powerful desk-top computers were designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains . ' )

Input: As a result of this trend , longtime powerhouses H - P , IBM and Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor - based systems of their own .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('H-P is longtime powerhouses . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is as a result of this trend . ' , CO / LIST('Longtime powerhouses H-P are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own . ','Longtime powerhouses IBM are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own . ','Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own . ' )) )

Input: But they will have to act quickly .
Prediction: NONE

Input: So are Indiana , Ohio and Michigan .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Iowa , for instance , saw its population grow by 11,000 people , or 0.4 % , between 1987 and 1988 , the Census Bureau says .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was between 1987 and 1988 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for instance . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Iowa saw its population grow by 11,000 people . ','Iowa saw its population grow by 0.4 % . ' ) , ' This is what the Census Bureau says . ' )) )

Input: Between 1987 and 1988 , North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population , a loss of 4,000 people .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Population was a loss of 4,000 people . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was between 1987 and 1988.','North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population . ' ))

Input: Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois , Kansas , Minnesota , Missouri , South Dakota and Wisconsin .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade , they are growing again .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was earlier in the decade . ','Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines . ' ) , ' And , they are growing again . ' )

Input: At the same time , several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was at the same time . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was at the same time . ' , ' , Several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround . ' ))

Input: Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia , Mississippi , Louisiana , Oklahoma , Montana , Wyoming and Alaska .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST ( ' , Seven states are now losing population -- West Virginia . ' , ' , Seven states are now losing population -- Mississippi . ' , ' , Seven states are now losing population -- Louisiana . ' , ' , Seven states are now losing population -- Oklahoma . ' , ' , Seven states are now losing population -- Montana . ' , ' , Seven states are now losing population -- Wyoming . ' , ' , Seven states are now losing population -- Alaska . ' ))

Input: Overall , though , the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest , and fast - growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is though . ','The South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is overall . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Fast-growing states like Florida and California ensure . ','The pattern will continue . ' )) )

Input: But the growth gap between the Sun Belt and other regions has clearly started narrowing .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even after losing a spouse , more of the elderly are staying independent .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even among those aged 75 and older , the share living with a spouse rose slightly , to 40 % in 1988 from 38 % in 1970 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from 38 % in 1970 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to 40 % in 1988 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was among those . ','Those were aged 75 and older . ' ) , ' But , the share living with a spouse rose slightly . ' )) )

Input: Only 17 % of those aged 75 and older lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988 , down from 26 % in 1970 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in 1988 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was down from 26 % in 1970.','Only 17 % of those aged 75 and older lived with relatives other than spouses . ' ))

Input: More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE('More people are remaining independent longer presumably . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is probably . ','They are better off physically and financially . ' ))

Input: MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success and money above family .
Prediction: NONE

Input: At least that 's what a survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich , Clancy , Shulman indicates .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Yankelovich is Clancy . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich is Shulman . ','At least that 's . ' ))

Input: Being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group .
Prediction: CO / LIST(CO / LIST('They are being successful in careers . ','They are spending the money . ' ) , ' They make top priorities for this group . ' )

Input: Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 , and average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the sample . ','Average net assets were reported as $ 775,000 . ' ))

Input: Across the board , these consumers value quality , buy what they like rather than just what they need , and appreciate products that are distinctive .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is across the board . ','These consumers value quality . ' ) CO / LIST('They like rather than just what they need . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('These consumers appreciate products . ','Products are distinctive . ' )) )

Input: Despite their considerable incomes and assets , 40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure , and one - fourth do n't feel that they have made it .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is despite their considerable incomes and assets . ','40 % of the respondents in the study do n't feel financially secure . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('One-fourth do n't feel . ','They have made it . ' ))

Input: While twothirds feel some guilt about being affluent , only 25 % give $ 2,500 or more to charity each year .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is about . ','Twothirds feel some guilt about being affluent . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is to charity each year . ','Only 25 % give $ 2,500 or more . ' ))

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE NUMBER of women and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation 's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('The NUMBER of women and minorities has more than doubled since 1978 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in top management in the nation 's largest banks . ','Women and minorities hold jobs . ' ))

Input: The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials and managers in the top 50 banks , up from 33 % in 1978 .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what the American Bankers Association says . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in the top 50 banks . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is up from 33 % in 1978.','Women make up 47 % of officials and managers . ' )) )

Input: The amount of income divvied up for each man , woman and child was $ 16,489 in 1988 , up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in 1988.','The amount of income divvied up for each man , woman and child was $ 16,489 . ' ))

Input: About 54 % are women , and 44 % are part - time students .
Prediction: CO / LIST('About 54 % are women . ','44 % are part-time students . ' )

Input: Trouble with a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mayor Lynn Spruill and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison 's main street .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Lynn Spruill was Mayor . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Lynn Spruill and two members of the council said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('They were worried about setting a precedent . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This is along Addison 's main street . ','A precedent would permit pool halls . ' )) ))

Input: And the mayor , in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Prof. Hill 's , warned that alcohol leads to betting , which leads to fights .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in an admonition . ','And the mayor warned . ' ) , ' An admonition bears a rhythmic resemblance to Hill 's . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Alcohol leads to betting . ','Betting leads to fights . ' ))

Input: Pool is hot in New York and Chicago , he insists , where upscale , suit - and - tie places are adding tables .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('Pool is hot in New York and Chicago . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what he insists . ','Where upscale , suit-and-tie places are adding tables . ' ))

Input: With today 's tougher drunk driving laws , he adds , people do n't want to just sit around and drink .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is with today 's tougher drunk driving laws . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('He adds , people do n't want to just sit around and drink . ','He adds , people do n't want to just sit around and drink . ' ))

Input: Besides , rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski , where rooms average $ 200 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This is besides . ','Rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski . ' ) CO / LIST('Rooms average $ 200 a night . ','The cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop . ' ))

Input: At the lounge , manager Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons in jeans , T - shirts or tennis shoes .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Elizabeth Dyer is manager . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This is in jeans . ','This is in T-shirts . ','This is in tennis shoes . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is at the lounge . ','Elizabeth Dyer wo n't admit patrons . ' )) )

Input: But a majority of the Addison council did n't buy those arguments .
Prediction: NONE

Input: After its previous mayor committed suicide last year , an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects , gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town 's coffers for trips and retreats .
Prediction: SUB / TEMPORAL('Its previous mayor committed suicide last year . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what an investigation disclosed . ' , CO / LIST('Town officials regularly voted on their own projects . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to developer friends . ','Town officials regularly gave special favors . ' ) , ' Town officials regularly dipped into the town 's coffers for trips and retreats . ' )) )

Input: The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS 's new show Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Island Son was CBS 's new show . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts , Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color . ','Robert Goldberg could praise about Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts -RRB- unfortunately . ' ) , ' Neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework . ' ))

Input: Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole , tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves .
Prediction: CO / LIST('Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole . ' , CO / LIST('Richard Chamberlain is tucking in a Hawaiian shirt . ','Richard Chamberlain is rolling up its long sleeves . ' ))

Input: And the local expression for brother is brah , not bruddah .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty , if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left , not right , ear .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION('A nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is behind her left , not right , ear . ' , SUB / CONDITION ( ' , She were engaged . ','And she would know to wear them . ' )) )

Input: A good bet would be the tension between blacks and Jews in New York City .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or so it must seem to Jackie Mason , the veteran Jewish comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- 9:30 - 10 p.m. EDT -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Jackie Mason is the veteran Jewish comedian . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Or so it must seem to Jackie Mason . ','The veteran Jewish comedian is appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- 9:30-10 p.m. EDT -RRB- . ' ))

Input: Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup , and he 's currently a man in hot water .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Mason is Mr .. ','Not only is Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Not only is Mason the star of Chicken Soup , he 's currently a man in hot water . ','A comedic tradition is dating back to Duck Soup . ' ))

Input: Here , in neutral language , is the gist of Mr. Mason 's remarks , quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign , and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mason was the gist of Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in neutral language . ','Here is Mason 's remarks . ' ) CO / CONTRAST('Mason 's remarks were quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign . ','Mason 's remarks were quoted then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company . ' )) )

Input: As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt , live television and the nightclub circuit , Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mason was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was as a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt . ','This was as a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was as a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt . ','Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular . ' )) )

Input: He said Jews were sick with complexes ; and he called David Dinkins , Mr. Giuliani 's black opponent , a fancy shvartze with a mustache .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Giuliani was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ','Jews were sick with complexes . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Giuliani 's black opponent was a fancy shvartze with a mustache . ','He called David Dinkins . ' )) )

Input: It probably would , because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mason was Mr .. ' , SUB / CAUSE('It probably would . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Few or none of the people upset by Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language . ','The people upset by Mason 's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language . ' )) )

Input: These critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group , such as Polish jokes ; and the type that is double - edged , aiming inward as well as outward .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is such as Polish jokes . ','These critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor ; and the type , aiming inward as well as outward . ' ) , ' Ethnic humor aims at disparaging another group . ' )

Input: The latter typically is the humor of the underdog , and it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves .
Prediction: CO / LIST('The latter typically is the humor of the underdog . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the minstrel and vaudeville stage . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves . ','It was perfected by both blacks and Jews . ' )) )

Input: In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce , this double - edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is to ribbons . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce . ' , CO / LIST('This double-edged blade could cut both the self . ','This double-edged blade could cut both the audience . ' )) )

Input: But wielded by a pro like Jackie Mason , it is a constructive form of mischief .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing , they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co - existence of groups in conflict .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / CAUSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing . ','They are similar in one respect . ' ) , ' Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict . ' )

Input: That 's why it 's dangerous to have well - intentioned thought police , on college campuses and elsewhere , taboo all critical mention of group differences .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('That 's . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is on college campuses . ','This is on elsewhere . ' ) , ' It 's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police taboo all critical mention of group differences . ' ))

Input: The question is , if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB- , and if Mr. Mason 's type of ethnic humor is passe , then what other means do we have for letting off steam ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Do n't say the TV sitcom , because that happens to be a genre that , in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody , resembles politics more than it does comedy .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE('Don't say the TV sitcom . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('That happens to be a genre . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is more than it does comedy . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody . ','A genre resembles politics . ' )) ))

Input: But these are not the differences that make headlines .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('But these are not the differences . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The differences make headlines . ','The differences make headlines . ' ))

Input: In Chicken Soup , Mr. Mason plays Jackie , a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB- , an Irish widow and mother of three , against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB- .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mason is Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Jackie is a Jewish bachelor . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB- . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in Chicken Soup . ','Mason plays Jackie . ' )) ))

Input: At least , they both speak with strong accents , as do Jackie and Maddie .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is at least . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is as do Jackie and Maddie . ','They both speak with strong accents . ' ))

Input: And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Back in the 1920s , the play and movie versions of Abie 's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author , Anne Nichols , lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Anne Nichols was its author . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was back in the 1920s . ','The play and movie versions of Abie 's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the grounds . ','Its author lost a plagiarism suit . ' ) , ' The plot has entered the public domain . ' )) )

Input: And it has remained there , as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie , whose sole distinction was that it led to the real - life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('And it has remained there . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie . ','Bridget Loves Bernie 's sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney . ' ) , ' A 1972 CBS sitcom was evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom . ' ))

Input: Clearly , the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over , but whether it will simmer at all .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is clearly . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is not whether the pot will boil over , but whether it will simmer at all . ','The question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over , but whether it will simmer at all . ' ))

Input: So far , the bubbles have been few and far between .
Prediction: NONE

Input: For instance , Michael dislikes Jackie not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman , but because he quits his well - paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is for instance . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is not because he 's a shrewd Jewish businessman , but because he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for instance . ','Michael dislikes Jackie . ' )) )

Input: Even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom preachiness and Mr. Mason 's comic persona .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mason is Mr .. ' , CO / LIST('Even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom preachiness . ','Even more problematic is Mason 's comic persona . ' ))

Input: The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- , when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode and starts meting out that old - fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB- . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Mason was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to other people as well as to himself . ','Mason slips into his standup mode and starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief . ' )) )

Input: But too often , these routines lack spark because this sitcom , like all sitcoms , is timid about confronting Mr. Mason 's stock in trade - ethnic differences .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mason is Mr .. ' , SUB / CAUSE('But too often , these routines lack spark . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is like all sitcoms . ','This sitcom is timid about confronting Mason 's stock in trade-ethnic differences . ' )) )

Input: But I am suggesting that they stop requiring Mr. Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about caring for other people that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Mason is Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('But I am suggesting . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is about . ','They stop requiring Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line . ' ) , ' , Some line is caring for other people that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America . ' )) )

Input: The economy , he added , remains well - balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('The economy remains well-balanced . ','He added . ' ) , ' The outlook is for continued moderate growth . ' )

Input: After the 1929 crash , Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound and prosperous basis .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was after the 1929 crash . ','Herbert Hoover said . ' ) , ' The fundamental business of the country ... is on a sound and prosperous basis . ' )

Input: James Robinson , 57 years old , was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was for disk drives . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was 57 years old . ','James Robinson was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads . ' ))

Input: He has been president and chief executive officer of Amperex Electronics Corp. , a division of North American Philips Corp. , itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Amperex Electronics Corp. was a division of North American Philips Corp .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('A division of North American Philips Corp. itself was a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands . ','He has been president and chief executive officer of Amperex Electronics Corp .. ' ))

Input: The former president and chief executive , Eric W. Markrud , resigned in June .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Eric W. Markrud was the former president and chief executive . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in June . ','The former president and chief executive resigned . ' ))

Input: Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special - interest tax breaks and spending increases .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE('Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to blunt criticism . ' , CO / LIST('It was bloated with special-interest tax breaks . ','It was bloated with spending increases . ' )) )

Input: But Senate supporters of the trimmer legislation said that other bills would soon be moving through Congress that could carry some of the measures that had been cast aside , including a capital - gains tax cut .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Senate supporters of the trimmer legislation said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Other bills would soon be moving through Congress . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Congress could carry some of the measures . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was including a capital-gains tax cut . ','The measures had been cast aside . ' )) ))

Input: House - Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek and last for a while .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But , he added , I believe Republicans and Democrats will work together to get capital - gains reform this year .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i believe . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('Republicans and Democrats will work together . ','This is to get capital-gains reform this year . ' ))

Input: The Senate 's decision was a setback for President Bush and will make approval of a capital - gains tax cut less certain this year .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Bush was a setback for President . ' , CO / LIST('The Senate 's decision was Bush . ','The Senate 's decision will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year . ' ))

Input: And a senior aide to the House Ways and Means Committee , where tax legislation originates , said there are n't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a senior aide to the House Ways and Means Committee said . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('There are n't any plans . ','This is to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year . ' ) , ' Tax legislation originates . ' ))

Input: One obvious place to attach a capital - gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit - reduction bill , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill , is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit . ' , CO / LIST('One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill . ','One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut , and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill . ' ))

Input: Although I am encouraged by the Senate action , said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D. , Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways and Means Committee , it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital - gains issue on the floor , so they went ahead with the streamlined bill .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / PURPOSE('But Republican senators saw no way . ','This was to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor . ' ) , ' They went ahead with the streamlined bill . ' )

Input: These include a child - care initiative and extensions of soon - to - expire tax breaks for low - income housing and research - and - development expenditures .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is for low-income housing . ','This is for research-and-development expenditures . ' ) , ' These include a child-care initiative and extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks . ' )

Input: One high - profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Lloyd Bentsen was Chairman . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / SPATIAL('D. was Texas . ','One high-profile provision was the proposal by Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee . ' ) , ' This was to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts . ' ))

Input: Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties , which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in fiscal 1990.','The maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties would have raised $ 65 million . ' ))

Input: Mr. Mitchell 's relations with Budget Director Darman , who pushed for a capital - gains cut to be added to the measure , have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Darman was Budget Director . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Mitchell 's relations with Darman have been strained since Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill . ','Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill . ' ) , ' Darman pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure . ' ))

Input: The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 , and $ 26 billion over five years .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is in fiscal 1990.','This is in $ 26 billion over five years . ' ) , ' The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion . ' )

Input: -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by . ','-- Raise $ 851 million . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes . ','-- Raise $ 851 million . ' ))

Input: -- Impose a tax on ozone - depleting chemicals , such as those used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam , beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is such as those . ','Those were used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is on ozone-depleting chemicals . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is beginning at $ 1.10 a pound . ','-- Impose a tax starting next year . ' )) )

Input: -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air - passenger departure tax , and impose a $ 3 - a - person tax on international departures by commercial ships .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax . ','-- Increase to $ 6 a person . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is by commercial ships . ','-- impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures . ' ))

Input: The measure also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is in federal fees . ' , CO / LIST('The measure also includes spending cuts . ','The measure also includes increases . ' ))

Input: -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline - landing rights at New York 's LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports , O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and National Airport in Washington .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators , ship stations and mobile radio facilities .
Prediction: CO / LIST(CO / LIST('-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ','-- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties . ' )

Input: I was laid off in August 1988 , and after a thorough and exhausting job search , was hired in August 1989 .
Prediction: CO / LIST('I was laid off in August 1988 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was after a thorough and exhausting job search . ','I was hired in August 1989 . ' ))

Input: My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / TEMPORAL('My unemployment insurance ran out . ','I found a job . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in many companies . ','I found cutbacks and layoffs . ' ))

Input: The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date , certainly as an average for the Northeast , and possibly for the rest of the country .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was certainly . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the Northeast , and possibly for the rest of the country . ','The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date . ' ))

Input: I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , and if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller 's market .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think . ' , SUB / CONDITION('What bothered me most about the piece was . ' , SUB / CONDITION('There seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you 're getting laid off do n't worry , and if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller 's market . ','You're getting laid off do n't worry , and if you 're unemployed , it 's a seller 's market . ' )) )

Input: Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the agency said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on the thrift 's subordinated debt to B-2 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was from Ba-2.','It reduced its rating . ' ) , ' The agency will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade . ' )) )

Input: The rating concern said Franklin 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade , citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary and the possible sale of other subsidiaries .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the rating concern said . ' , CO / LIST('Frankfurt 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade . ' , CO / LIST('Frankfurt 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary . ','Frankfurt 's troubled diversification record in the securities business was citing the troubles at the possible sale of other subsidiaries . ' )) )

Input: Or is this an extraordinary buying opportunity , just like Oct. 19 , 1987 , eventually turned out to be ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here 's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday 's action , what happens next and what investors should do .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I 'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre , all through late August and September , says Mr. Granville , once a widely followed market guru and still a well - known newsletter writer .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Well , in some ways it is different , but technically it is just the same .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in some ways . ','Well it is different . ' ) , ' Technically it is just the same . ' )

Input: Right now they 're telling me to get the hell out and stay out .
Prediction: NONE

Input: This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 and 1979 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was like those . ','An October massacre . ' ) , ' Those occurred in 1978 and 1979 . ' )

Input: So she thinks the damage will be short - lived and contained .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what she thinks . ' , CO / LIST('The damage will be short-lived . ','The damage will be contained . ' ))

Input: Those corrections lasted one to four weeks and took the market 10%-12 % down , she says .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was to four weeks . ','Those corrections lasted one . ' ) , ' Those corrections took the market 10%-12 % down . ' ) , ' This is what she says . ' )

Input: She says that ratio could climb to 14.5 , given current interest rates , and still be within the range of fair value .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what she says . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is given current interest rates . ','Ration could climb to 14.5 , and still be within the range of fair value . ' ))

Input: But Mr. Davis , whose views are widely respected by money managers , says he expects no 1987 - style crash .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Davis is Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Davis says . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('His views are widely respected by money managers . ','He expects no 1987-style crash . ' )) )

Input: We will probably have a year - end rally , and then go down again .
Prediction: CO / LIST('We will probably have a year-end rally . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is then . ','We will probably go down again . ' ))

Input: I do n't think that 's the case at all , says Mr. Cooperman , a partner at Goldman , Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains , but he does n't think there 's any need to rush .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Cooperman is Mr .. ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is as a good time . ' , ' , Cooperman sees this . ' ) , ' This is to pick up bargains . ' ) , ' He does n't think there 's any need to rush . ' ))

Input: I expect the market to open weaker Monday , but then it should find some stability .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i expect . ','The market to open weaker Monday . ' ) , ' Then it should find some stability . ' )

Input: He ticks off several major differences between now and two years ago .
Prediction: NONE

Input: And unlike 1987 , the economy does n't appear to be in any danger of overheating .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the economy 's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits is n't good , he says .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('But the economy 's slower growth this year also means . ','The outlook for corporate profits is n't good . ' ) , ' This is what he says . ' )

Input: If I had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios , I would not do any buying .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios . ','I had come into Friday . ' ) , ' I would not do any buying . ' )

Input: But we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio , so I would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was with a conservative portfolio . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is on behalf of clients . ','But we came into Friday . ' ))

Input: The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors and loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the hands of investors . ','The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has loaded the corporations . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with huge amounts of debt rather than equity . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The corporations are the objects of takeovers . ','The corporations are feared takeovers . ' )) ))

Input: This has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable .
Prediction: NONE

Input: It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try .
Prediction: NONE

Input: These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Gabelli is Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('These sorts of takeovers do n't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them , so Gabelli figures . ','They will continue . ' ))

Input: He thinks another crash is unlikely , and says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday 's plunge .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what he thinks . ','Another crash is unlikely . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what he says . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was during Friday 's plunge . ','He was nibbling at selected stocks . ' )) )

Input: It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon , says Mr. Rogers , a professor of finance at Columbia University and former co - manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history , Quantum Fund .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Dealers would give you a quote , but then refuse to make the trade .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('Dealers would give you a quote . ' , SUB / TEMPORAL('Dealers then refuse to make the trade . ','Dealers then give you a quote . ' ))

Input: If the dollar stays weak , he says , that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION('The dollar stays weak . ' , CO / LIST(SUB / SPATIAL('This is in the U.S .. ','He says , that will add to inflationary pressures . ' ) , ' He says , that will make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much . ' ))

Input: Mr. Rogers wo n't decide what to do today until he sees how the London and Tokyo markets go .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Rogers is Mr .. ' , SUB / CONDITION('Rogers wo n't decide . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('He sees . ','The London and Tokyo markets go . ' )) )

Input: He recommends that investors sell takeover - related stocks , but hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities , which often do well during periods of economic weakness .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what he recommends . ' , CO / CONTRAST('Investors sell takeover-related stocks . ','Investors hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities . ' ) , ' , Some other stocks -- especially utilities often do well during periods of economic weakness . ' ))

Input: Stock prices would still have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks , says Mr. Terrizzi , president and managing director of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Renaissance , which manages about $ 1.8 billion , drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year and thus missed a strong rally .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / CAUSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from many clients . ','Renaissance drew stiff criticism earlier this year . ' ) , ' It pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year . ' ) CO / LIST('Renaissance manages about $ 1.8 billion . ','Renaissance thus missed a strong rally . ' ))

Input: Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos , chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing , alleging :
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Tom Lantos is Rep .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Tom Lantos is chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Tom Lantos is alleging . ','Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Tom Lantos : . ' )) )

Input: 1 . That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate and deliberately misleading .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what i thought . ' , CO / LIST('Your editorial was factually accurate . ','Your editorial was deliberately elucidative . ' ))

Input: As your editorial rightly pointed out , Samuel Pierce , former HUD secretary , and Lance Wilson , Mr. Pierce 's former aide , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Pierce was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Your editorial rightly pointed out . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Samuel Pierce are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment . ','Former HUD secretary are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment . ','Lance Wilson are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment . ','Lance Wilson 's former aide , are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment . ' )) )

Input: My colleagues and I fully realize we are not a court ... etc .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By any reasonable man criterion , Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Lantos was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was by any reasonable man criterion . ' , CO / LIST('Lantos have a whole bunch of people . ','His colleagues have a whole bunch of people . ' ) , ' People were tried and convicted . ' )) )

Input: But if his explanation of motivation is true , why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Such as , what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats or whatever they supposedly cost ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: 4 . That the Journal defends the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD , etc . and so forth .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Pierce was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('4 . That the Journal defends the sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence-peddling and abuse of the public . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Pierce was place while Pierce was secretary of HUD , etc . and so forth . ','The public took Pierce was secretary of HUD . ' )) )

Input: No , to my mind , the Journal did not defend sleaze , fraud , waste , embezzlement , influence - peddling and abuse of the public trust ...
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to my mind . ' , CO / LIST('No , the Journal did not defend sleaze .... ','No , the Journal did not defend fraud .... ','No , the Journal did not defend waste .... ','No , the Journal did not defend embezzlement .... ','No , the Journal did not defend influence-peddling .... ','No , the Journal did not defend abuse of the public trust . ' ))

Input: it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards and practical common sense .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The problem , which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles , is not the likes of Mr. Lantos , who after all is really a bit player on the stage , but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi - parliamentary / judicial body .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Lantos is the likes of Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is into a quasi-parliamentary / judicial body . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is after all . ','Lantos is really a bit player on the stage , but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself . ' ) , ' The Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles The problem . ' )) )

Input: But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is than any incompetency -LRB- and , yes , maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate . ','The kind of congressional investigation is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom . ' ) , ' The kind of congressional investigation has been pursued . ' ))

Input: Thus , in a criminal case , a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant 's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness , thus forcing him to take the Fifth .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was thus . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a criminal case . ','A prosecutor can not comment on a defendant 's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness , thus forcing him to take the Fifth . ' ))

Input: The Supreme Court and some states have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Supreme Court and some states have specifically recognized . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to a civil cause . ','The privilege is claimed by a party . ' )) )

Input: Thus , in a civil case , a defendant may be called as a witness , he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth , and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was thus . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a civil case . ','A defendant may be called as a witness . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was thus . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the civil matter . ','His taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him . ' )) ))

Input: He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in a civil matter . ','He may take the Fifth . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('He has a good faith and justifiable belief . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to criminal prosecution . ','His testimony may subject him . ' )) )

Input: Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter , but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in a civil matter . ','Alallowing the defendant to take the Fifth is not based on a constitutional right . ' ) , ' This was to refuse to testify where one 's testimony harms him in the civil matter , but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution . ' )

Input: The subcommittee , Congress and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Mr. Pierce 's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Pierce is Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The subcommittee , Congress and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Pierce 's own belief . ','His testimony could help convict him of a crime . ' ))

Input: It was Friday the 13th , and the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points .
Prediction: CO / LIST('It was Friday the 13th . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was nearly 200 points . ','The stock market plummeted . ' ))

Input: Or is triskaidekaphobia -- fear of the number 13 -- justified ?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In academia , a so - called Friday the 13th effect has been set up and shot down by different professors .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in academia . ' , CO / LIST('A so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up . ','A so-called Friday the 13th effect has been shot down by different professors . ' ))

Input: Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez , professors of finance at the University of Miami , found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez were professors of finance at the University of Miami . ','Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez found evidence . ' ) , ' The market is spooked by Friday the 13th . ' )

Input: But their study , which spanned the 1962 - 85 period , has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('But their study has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data . ','Their study spanned the 1962-85 period . ' ) , ' Their study spanned the 1962-85 period . ' )

Input: But the date tends to be a plus , not a minus , for stocks , according to Yale Hirsch , a collector of stock market lore .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Yale Hirsch is a collector of stock market lore . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for stocks . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is according to Yale Hirsch . ','But the date tends to be a plus , not a minus . ' )) )

Input: In a similar vein , he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash and Saturday 's full moon could have played a part , too , in Friday 's market activity .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in a similar vein . ','He adds . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was too . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in Friday 's market activity . ' , CO / LIST('The anniversary of the 1987 crash could have played a part . ' , ' , Saturday 's full moon could have played a part . ' )) ))

Input: reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated , some phone calls to market makers in over - the - counter stocks went unanswered .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was during the 1987 crash . ' , ' , Stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated . ' ))

Input: Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not , Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION('Unanswered phone calls had any effect or not . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was than those on the New York and American exchanges . ','Nasdaq stocks sank far less . ' ))

Input: Nonetheless , the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever , diving 14.90 , or 3 % , to 467.29 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was nonetheless . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year . ','The Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its sixth worst ever , diving 14.90 , or 3 % , to 467.29 . ' ))

Input: By comparison , the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday and the American Stock Exchange Composite fell 4 % .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was by comparison . ','The New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was by comparison . ','The American Stock Exchange Composite fell 4 % . ' ))

Input: On Oct. 16 , 1987 , the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points , or 3.8 % , followed by its devastating 46.12 - point , or 11 % slide , three days later .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on Oct. 16 , 1987 . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points three days later . ','The Nasdaq Composite fell 3.8 % . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was three days later . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('16.18 points were followed by its devastating 46.12-point . ','3.8 % were followed by 11 % slide . ' )) )

Input: Mr. King of Robinson - Humphrey and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('King was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('King of Robinson-Humphrey and others were quick to add . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what they believe . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('The problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls , rather than a deliberate attempt . ','This was to avoid making trades . ' )) ))

Input: The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market - making companies , which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who could n't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq . ','The subject is a sore one for its market-making companies . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from investors . ','Investors could n't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash . ' ) , ' Its market-making companies were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors . ' ))

Input: There were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But , he added , you can only take one call at a time .
Prediction: NONE

Input: When selling is so frenzied , prices fall steeply and fast .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Selling is so frenzied . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is fast . ','Prices fall steeply and frenzied . ' ))

Input: But , with profits sagging on Wall Street since the crash , companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on hand . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with profits . ','Profits were sagging on Wall Street since the crash . ' ) , ' But , companies have kept smaller share stockpiles . ' ))

Input: Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was two years ago . ','We were carrying huge inventories . ' ) , ' That was the big culprit . ' )

Input: Because Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre - crash levels , traders and OTC market officials hope the damage wo n't be permanent .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE('Nasdaq 's trading volume has n't returned to pre-crash levels . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what traders and OTC market officials hope . ','The damage wo n't be permanent . ' ))

Input: But they are worried .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big and small institutional investors , as well as individual investors and market makers .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares to 50,000 shares , compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what grateful traders said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to 50,000 shares . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago . ','The sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares . ' )) )

Input: Shearson 's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to bargain - hunt .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('DaPuzzo was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Shearson 's DaPuzzo said . ' , CO / LIST('Retail investors nervously sold stock Friday . ','Retail investors nervously never returned to bargain-hunt . ' )) )

Input: We had a good amount of selling from institutions , but not as much panic , Mr. DaPuzzo said .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('DaPuzzo was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / CONTRAST('We had a good amount of selling from institutions . ','Not as much panic , DaPuzzo said . ' ) , ' This was what DaPuzzo said . ' ))

Input: In addition , Mr. DaPuzzo said computer - guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 2000 small stocks and the Standard & Poor 's 500 - stock Index sent occasional waves through the market .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('DaPuzzo was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what DaPuzzo said in addition . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Computer-guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 2000 small stocks sent occasional waves through the market . ','The Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index sent occasional waves through the market . ' )) )

Input: The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues , including the big OTC technology issues , tumbled 4.2 % , or 19.76 , to 449.33 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to 449.33 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was including the big OTC technology issues . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues tumbled 4.2 % .','The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues tumbled 19.76 . ' )) )

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 % , or 9.31 , to 462.98 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to 462.98 . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 % .','The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 9.31 . ' ))

Input: But they fell sharply .
Prediction: NONE

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications , for instance , has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests , and in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to Contel Cellular . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for instance . ','McCaw Cellular Communications has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia 's New York City cellular telephone interests , and in a separate transaction , sell certain McCaw properties . ' ))

Input: McCaw lost 8 % , or 3 1/2 , to 40 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to 40 . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('McCaw lost 8 % .','McCaw lost 3 1/2 . ' ))

Input: LIN Broadcasting , dropped 5 1/2 , or 5 % , to 107 1/2 .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was to 107 1/2 . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('LIN Broadcasting dropped 5 1/2.','LIN Broadcasting dropped 5 % . ' ))

Input: Among other OTC issues , Intel , dropped 2 1/8 to 33 7/8 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1/8 to 19 1/2 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 1/4 to 10 1/4 ; MCI Communications slipped 2 1/4 to 43 1/2 ; Apple Computer fell 3 to 45 3/4 and Nike dropped 2 1/4 to 66 3/4 .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was among other OTC issues . ','Intel dropped 2 1/8 to 33 7/8 . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was among other OTC issues . ','Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1/8 to 19 1/2 . ' ) CO / LIST('MCI Communications slipped 2 1/4 to 43 1/2.','Apple Computer fell 3 to 45 3/4.','Nike dropped 2 1/4 to 66 3/4 . ' ))

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is to general levels . ','The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide . ' ) , ' The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below do n't always represent actual transactions . ' )

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was in amounts of $ 1 million or more . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for overnight use . ','Reserves traded among commercial banks . ' ))

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was usually . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on amounts of $ 1 million and more . ','Average of top rates paid by major New York banks . ' )) )

Input: Pension funds , insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday 's market rout .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what pension funds , insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was during Friday 's market rout . ','They began scooping up stocks . ' ))

Input: And they plan to buy more today .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rightly or wrongly , many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by applying the lesson . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was rightly or wrongly . ','Many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the October 1987 crash . ','They learned the lesson . ' ) , ' Buying at the bottom pays off . ' ))

Input: They could still panic and bail out of the market .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But their 1987 performance indicates that they wo n't abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what their 1987 performance indicates . ' , SUB / CONDITION('They wo n't abandon stocks . ' , ' , Conditions get far worse . ' ))

Input: Last time , we got rewarded for going out and buying stocks when the panic was the worst , said John W. Rogers , president of Chicago - based Ariel Capital Management Inc. , which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- and I 'll be buying again because I know we 're getting good value , said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , Greenwich , Conn.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Unlike mutual funds , which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money , big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is unlike mutual funds . ','Big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock . ' ) , ' Mutual funds can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money . ' )

Input: The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long - term holders , and that they ca n't react to short - term events , good or bad , said Stephen L. Nesbitt , senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica , Calif.
Prediction: NONE

Input: You could go down 400 points and still have a good year in the market , said James D. Awad , president of New York - based BMI Capital Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Awad , however , worries that the market could go down 800 or 900 points in the next few days .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Awad is Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is however . ','Awad worries . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is in the next few days . ','The market could go down 800 or 900 points . ' )) )

Input: He said he discerns many parallels with 1987 , including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re - emergence of computerized program trading .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what he said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is including the emphasis on takeover stocks . ','This is including the emphasis on the re-emergence of computerized program trading . ' ) , ' He discerns many parallels with 1987 . ' ))

Input: Not really insurance , this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was not really insurance . ','This tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts . ' ) , ' This tactic was not really insurance . ' )

Input: In its severest test , the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work , as stock buyers disappeared and stock and futures prices became disconnected .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in its severest test . ','The $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash did n't work . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was in its severest test . ' , ' , Stock buyers disappeared . ' ) , ' , Stock and futures prices became disconnected . ' )

Input: We 're not making a killing , but we had a good day .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('We're not making a killing . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was but . ','We had a good day . ' ))

Input: Food and Drug Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Jeff Nesbit was Food and Drug Administration spokesman . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Jeff Nesbit said . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc .. ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Baltimore . ','The agency has turned over evidence . ' )) ))

Input: Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens , N.Y. , company 's officials or employees have been charged with any crimes .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Vitarine acknowledged . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as its own . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in tests . ','It substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product . ' )) ))

Input: But so far the company has n't complied with that request , the spokesman said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was so far . ','The company has n't complied with that request . ' ) , ' This was what the spokesman said . ' )

Input: Bolar , the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General 's office of the Health and Human Services Department , only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers , Mr. Nesbit said .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Nesbit was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Bolar was the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General 's office of the Health and Human Services Department . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was as far down as direct customers , mostly wholesalers . ','Bolar only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin . ' ) , ' This was what Nesbit said . ' )) )

Input: Bolar , of Copiague , N.Y. , earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('This was of Copiague , N.Y .. ' , CO / LIST('Bolar earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug . ','Bolar earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug . ' ))

Input: The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management - controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE('The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('AsKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is to management-controlled trusts . ' , ' , Companies aresuing voting preferred shares . ' ) , ' This is to dilute voting power of common stockholders . ' )) )

Input: ASKO says the Dutch - based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what ASKO says . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('The Dutch-based international food retailer had n't reasonable grounds . ','This was to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders . ' ))

Input: A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position and the propriety of the preferred - share issue .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for Ahold said . ' , CO / LIST('His company is confident of its own position . ','His company is confident of the property of the preferred-share issue . ' ))

Input: Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican , but on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush 's economic policy - making .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(CO / LIST ( ' , Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker . ' , ' , Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a loyal Republican . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Bush was President . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on Friday morning . ','He had few kind words for Bush 's economic policy-making . ' )) )

Input: I 'd like to see that initiative , and I have n't .
Prediction: CO / LIST('I 'd like to see that initiative . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is . ','I have n't . ' ))

Input: But Mr. Butcher 's comments make one thing clear : Some on Wall Street wonder if anyone is in charge of economic policy .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Butcher is Mr .. ','Butcher 's comments make one thing clear . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Some on Wall Street wonder . ','If anyone is in charge of economic policy . ' ))

Input: The cuts are necessary because Congress and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a deficit - cutting bill .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE('The cuts are necessary . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on a deficit-cutting bill . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , Congress have failed to reach agreement . ','The administration have failed to reach agreement . ' )) )

Input: We simply do n't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices , House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Leon Panetta was House Budget Committee Chairman . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / PURPOSE('We simply do n't have strong leadership . ','This is to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices . ' ) , ' This was what Leon Panetta -LRB- D. , Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News 's Meet the Press . ' ))

Input: -- For the last two weeks , the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi - public battle over international economic policy .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was over international economic policy . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for the last two weeks . ' , CO / LIST('The Bush administration have been engaged in a semi-public battle . ','The Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi-public battle . ' )) )

Input: One of the things that continues to worry me is this monetary warfare between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve Board , said Lawrence Kudlow , a Bear , Stearns & Co. economist , on ABC 's This Week .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury and the White House over that decision .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was from the Treasury . ','This was from the White House . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was over that decision . ','But he has since run into opposition . ' ))

Input: And he has kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines , which includes a big stake by British Airways PLC .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by British Airways PLC.','United Airlines includes a big stake . ' ) , ' And he has kept mum . ' ))

Input: Then , as now , the budget debate was behind schedule and automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was then . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as now . ','The budget debate was behind schedule . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was then . ','Automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold . ' )) )

Input: And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax - writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('And concern about official actions -- then by the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was before the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee . ','Official actions were aimed at takeovers . ' ))

Input: The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration and Democratic lawmakers to the table for the first budget summit , resulting in a two - year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the table for the first budget summit . ' , CO / LIST('The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration . ','The 1987 crash brought Democratic lawmakers . ' ) SUB / PURPOSE('The 1987 crash was resulting in a two-year plan . ','This was to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period . ' )) )

Input: But , barring further drops in the market this week , a similar outcome does n't seem likely this year .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is in the market this week . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is barring further drops . ','But , a similar outcome does n't seem likely this year . ' ))

Input: Lawmakers and administration officials agree that Friday 's drop , by itself , is n't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit - reduction agreement that would be more serious and more far - reaching than last spring 's gimmick - ridden plan , which still is n't fully implemented .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what lawmakers and administration officials agree . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by itself . ','Friday 's drop is n't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit-reduction agreement . ' ) , ' A deficit-reduction agreement would be more serious and more far-reaching than last spring 's gimmick-ridden plan . ' ) , ' Last spring 's gimmick-ridden plan still is n't fully implemented . ' ))

Input: One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is that , as everyone learned in 1987 , the economy and the market can survive a one - day 508 - point tumble .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('One of the biggest reasons that new talks are n't likely to come about is . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Everyone learned in 1987 . ' , CO / LIST('The economy can survive a one-day 508-point tumble . ','The market can survive a one-day 508-point tumble . ' )) )

Input: But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta , who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Panetta was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what administration officials privately agree with Panetta . ','A precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Panetta said . ','A precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy . ' )) )

Input: There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit and that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut , said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D. , Texas -RRB- .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Nevertheless , it clearly will take more than Friday 's 190 - point decline to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and White House Budget Director Richard Darman over the capital - gains fight .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Richard Darman was White House Budget Director . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is nevertheless . ','It clearly will take more than Friday 's 190-point decline . ' ) , ' This was to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and Richard Darman over the capital-gains fight . ' ))

Input: Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush 's claim that the capital - gains cut was part of April 's budget accord and his insistence on combining it with the deficit - reduction legislation .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Bush was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was with the deficit-reduction legislation . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Bush 's claim . ' , CO / LIST('The capital-gains cut was part of April 's budget accord . ','The capital-gains cut was part of his insistence on combining it . ' )) ))

Input: There is no prospect of any so - called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal , Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('George Mitchell was Senate Majority Leader . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / CAUSE('There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise or deal next year . ','The administration simply did n't live up to this year 's deal . ' ) , ' This was what George Mitchell -LRB- D. , Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News 's Face the Nation . ' ))

Input: During last week 's maneuverings on the deficit - cutting bill and the capital - gains issue , there were signs that Senate Republicans and the administration were at odds .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was during last week 's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill . ','This was during last week 's maneuverings on the capital-gains issue . ' ) , ' There were signs . ' ) CO / LIST ( ' , Senate Republicans were at odds . ','The administration were at odds . ' ))

Input: Friday 's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit - reduction measure , a process that is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The deficit-reduction measure was a process . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit-reduction measure . ','Friday 's market tumble could spur action . ' ) , ' A process is n't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest . ' ))

Input: Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate , which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Senate Republicans expressed the hope . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The House would follow the lead of the Senate . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The Senate on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks . ','A variety of spending measures and tax breaks would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit . ' )) )

Input: The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction , and the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions , Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- . said yesterday .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Warren Rudman was Sen .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST('The market needs a strong signal that we 're serious about deficit reduction . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('The best way to do that is for the House of Representatives . ','This was to strip their bill of similar provisions . ' ) , ' This was what Warren Rudman -LRB- R. , N.H. -RRB- said yesterday . ' )) )

Input: The White House Office of Management and Budget , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm - Rudman targets are met , estimated that the House - passed deficit - reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the White House Office of Management and Budget , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met , estimated . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by $ 6.2 billion , almost half of the Congressional Budget Office 's estimate of $ 11.0 billion . ','The House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall . ' ) , ' The White House Office of Management and Budget , whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met , estimated . ' ))

Input: Rep. Panetta said that OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across - the - board cuts , but added : We 're getting very close to the margins here .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Panetta was Rep .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Panetta said . ','OMB 's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts , but added . ' ) , ' We 're getting very close to the margins here . ' ))

Input: But some players were quick to seize the moment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital - gains tax cut , Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance , but I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('Mitchell was Sen .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('There have been many preposterous reasons . ','Many preposterous reasons were advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what I suggest . ','Is perhaps more than any of the others . ' )) )

Input: The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: NONE

Input: $ 15.2 billion of three - month and six - month bills .
Prediction: NONE

Input: $ 68,230,000 of various bonds , including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B , via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds . ','This is including Series 1989A.','This is including $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds , Series 1989B. ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This is via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . ','$ 68,230,000 of various bonds . ' ))

Input: University of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey --
Prediction: NONE

Input: West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development And Tourism Authority --
Prediction: NONE

Input: $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend , but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in anxiety . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was over the weekend . ' , ' , Small investors matched their big institutional brethren . ' ) CO / LIST('Most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what most said . ','They were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market . ' )) ))

Input: But he 's not so sure about everyone else .
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell , predicted Mr. Sullivan , whose investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sullivan was Mr .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think on Monday . ','The small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell , predicted Sullivan . ' ) , ' Sullivan 's investments include AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and several mutual funds . ' ))

Input: And I think institutions are going to come in and buy ...
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one - third of its value following the Black Monday crash , but no one got discouraged , and we gained that back -- and more .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Crump was Mrs .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Crump said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was following the Black Monday crash . ','Her Ashwood Investment Club 's portfolio lost about one-third of its value . ' ) , ' No one got discouraged . ','We gained that back -- and more . ' )) )

Input: But Robert Showalter , an official of the association , said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors'clubs are planned .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Robert Showalter was an official of the association . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Robert Showalter said . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('No special bulletins are planned . ','No emergency meetings of the investors'clubs are planned . ' )) )

Input: Not everyone is reacting so calmly , however , and many wonder about the long - term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy - out of UAL Corp. , parent of United Airlines .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('UAL Corp. was parent of United Airlines . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was however . ','Not everyone is reacting so calmly . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday 's slide , reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp .. ','This was to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp .. ' )) )

Input: Sara Albert , a 34 - year - old Dallas law student , says she 's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sara Albert is a 34-year-old Dallas law student . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Sara Albert says . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , She 's generally skittish about the stock market . ' , ' , She 's generally skittish about the takeover activity . ' ) , ' The takeover activity seems to fuel it . ' ))

Input: I have this feeling that it 's built on sand , she says , that the market rises but there 's no foundation to it .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('I have this feeling . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('It 's built on sand . ','This is what she says . ' ) , ' The market rises . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is to it . ','There 's no foundation . ' )) )

Input: She and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash , although she still owns some Texaco stock .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was out of the market after the 1987 crash . ' , CO / LIST ( ' , She pulled most of their investments . ','Her husband pulled most of their investments . ' ) , ' , She still owns some Texaco stock . ' ))

Input: Partly because of concern about the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school , I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what i think at this point . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was partly because of concern about the economy . ','This was partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant . ' ) , ' This was to go to school . ' ) , ' This is what we want to be a lot more liquid . ' ))

Input: Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash and , to his regret , never went back even as the market soared .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Greenberg was Mr .. ' , CO / LIST('Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to his regret . ','Greenberg never went back even as the market soared . ' )) )

Input: Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday , but mostly through mutual funds .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was following Black Monday , but mostly . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was through mutual funds . ' , ' , Small investors have tiptoed back into the market . ' ))

Input: Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago , says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But it 's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('But it 's not only the stock market . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The stock market has some small investors . ' , ' , Some small investors were worried . ' ))

Input: Alan Helfman , general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston , said he and his mother have some joint stock investments , but the overall economy is his chief worry .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('Alan Helfman was general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Alan Helfman said . ' , CO / LIST('He have some joint stock investments . ','His mother have some joint stock investments . ' ) , ' The overall economy is his chief worry . ' )) )

Input: And I can tell you that a high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('And I can tell you . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is by Maserati . ','A high roller is n't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC . ' ))

Input: And , finally , there were the gloaters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everything , said Pascal Antori , an Akron , Ohio , plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Compaq Computer Corp. 's long - awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , the current market leader , and on a swarm of promising start - ups .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Zenith Electronics Corp. was the current market leader . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on others in the market , especially Zenith Electronics Corp. , and on a swarm of promising start-ups . ' , ' , Compaq Computer Corp. 's long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat . ' ))

Input: One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard - sized computer called a notepad , and two others have introduced even smaller palmtops .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('One manufacturer already has produced . ','A clipboard-sized computer called a notepad . ' ) , ' Two others have introduced even smaller palmtops . ' )

Input: But those machines are still considered novelties , with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was with keyboards . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was only a munchkin could love and screens to match . ','But those machines are still considered novelties . ' ))

Input: Analysts say they 're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts say . ','They're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market . ' ) , ' They 're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000 . ' )

Input: All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('All of this comes in a machine . ' , CO / LIST('A machine weighs only six pounds . ','A machine fits comfortably into most briefcases . ' ))

Input: In recent months , Compaq 's competition , including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was in recent months . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was including Zenith , Toshiba Corp. , Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp .. ' , ' , Compaq 's competition all have introduced portables . ' ) CO / LIST('Portables weigh approximately the same . ','Portables are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly . ' )) )

Input: Instead of a keyboard , it features a writing surface , an electronic pen and the ability to read block printing .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is instead of a keyboard . ' , CO / LIST('It features a writing surface . ','It features an electronic pen . ','It features the ability . ' ) , ' This is to read block printing . ' ))

Input: At 4 1/2 pounds , it may be too ambitiously named , but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is at 4 1/2 pounds . ','It may be too ambitiously named . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is at 4 1/2 pounds . ','It nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities . ' ) , ' Marketing possibilities make analysts froth . ' ))

Input: Atari Corp. 's Portfolio , introduced in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September , weighs less than a pound , costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries , yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('Atari Corp. 's Portfolio weighs less than a pound . ','Atari Corp. 's Portfolio in the U.S. in early September , costs a mere $ 400 . ' ) CO / CONTRAST('Atari Corp. 's Portfolio runs on three AA batteries . ','Atari Corp. 's Portfolio has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs . ' ))

Input: Poquet Computer Corp. , meanwhile , has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1 - 2 - 3 and other sophisticated software programs , but costs five times as much .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was meanwhile . ','Poquet Computer Corp. has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop . ' ) CO / CONTRAST(CO / LIST('A much more sophisticated palmtop can run Lotus 1-2-3.','A much more sophisticated palmtop can run other sophisticated software programs . ' ) , ' Poquet Computer Corp. costs five times as much . ' ))

Input: Whether it 's $ 5 billion or $ 3.5 billion , it does n't matter .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('It 's $ 5 billion . ','It 's $ 3.5 billion . ' ) , ' It does n't matter . ' )

Input: Size and weight considerations also have limited screen displays .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Toward that end , experts say the real battle will take place between center - stage players like Toshiba , Zenith and now Compaq .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what experts say toward that end . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is like Toshiba . ','This is like Zenith . ','This is like now Compaq . ' ) , ' The real battle will take place between center-stage players . ' ))

Input: Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start - up firms like Dynabook Inc. , which introduced in June a computer that , like Compaq 's , uses an Intel 286 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Compaq 's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Dynabook Inc. introduced in June a computer . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is like Compaq's . ','A computer uses an Intel 286 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive . ' ) , ' Dynabook Inc. introduced in June a computer . ' )) )

Input: But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq 's .
Prediction: CO / LIST('But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is than Compaq's . ','But the Dynabook product costs more . ' ))

Input: Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith , which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market but recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie . des Machines Bull , the French government - owned computer maker .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Cie . des Machines Bull was the French government-owned computer maker . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Compaq 's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith . ' , CO / CONTRAST('Zenith last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to Cie . des Machines Bull . ','Zenith recently agreed to sell its computer business . ' )) ))

Input: Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale , a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith 's share and sales .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('The proposed $ 635 million sale was a price . ' , SUB / CAUSE('A price could slip . ','It is pegged to Zenith 's share and sales . ' ) , ' Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale . ' ))

Input: Rod Canion , Compaq 's president and chief executive officer , notes pointedly that Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two - inch floppy disk , whereas Compaq 's new machines use the more common 3 1/2 - inch disk .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Rod Canion was Compaq 's president and chief executive officer . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Rod Canion notes pointedly . ' , CO / CONTRAST('Zenith 's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk . ' , ' , Compaq 's new machines use the more common 3 1/2-inch disk . ' )) )

Input: I ca n't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who wo n't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq and a stopper for everyone else , says Gene Talsky , president of Professional Marketing Management Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Compaq 's machines include the 3 1/2 - inch floppy disk drive , a backlit screen that is only 1/4 - inch thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST ( ' , Compaq 's machines include the 3 1/2-inch floppy disk drive . ' , ' , Compaq 's machines include a backlit screen . ' , ' , Compaq 's machines include an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words , almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine . ' ) , ' A backlit screen is only 1/4-inch thick . ' )

Input: Others undoubtedly will follow , but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six - month lead on the competition .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('Others undoubtedly will follow . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what most analysts believe . ' , ' , Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition . ' ))

Input: Toshiba 's line of portables , for example , features the T-1000 , which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory , and the T-1600 , which also uses a 286 microprocessor , but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is for example . ' , CO / LIST('Toshiba 's line of portables features the T-1000.','Toshiba 's line of portables features the T-1600 . ' ) , ' Toshiba 's line of portables features the T-1000 . ' ) CO / CONTRAST('Toshiba 's line of portables is in the same weight class . ','Toshiba 's line of portables is much slower . ','Toshiba 's line of portables has less memory . ' ) , ' The T-1600 also uses a 286 microprocessor . ','The T-1600 weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size . ' ))

Input: A third model , marketed in Japan , may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990 , but by then , analysts say , Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by the end of the first quarter of 1990.','A third model may hit the U.S .. ' ) , ' A third model was marketed in Japan . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was as one of three major players . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was by then . ','Analysts say , Compaq will have established itself . ' )) )

Input: International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market and shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market . ','International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon . ' ) , ' International Business Machines Corp. , analysts say , has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market . ' )

Input: Honeywell Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space .
Prediction: SUB / PURPOSE(CO / LIST('Honeywell Inc. received Air Force contracts . ','International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts . ' ) , ' This was to develop integrated circuits for use in space . ' )

Input: Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million , and IBM 's $ 68.8 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was $ 69.7 million . ','This was $ 68.8 million . ' ) , ' Honeywell 's contract totaled $ 69.7 million . ' )

Input: The index , which registered 156.8 at the end of September , has a base of 100 set in 1983 and is n't seasonally adjusted .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('The index has a base of 100 set in 1983.','The index is n't seasonally adjusted . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was at the end of September . ','The index registered 156.8 . ' ))

Input: Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Felipe Gonzalez was Socialist Prime Minister . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the first nine months of the year . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Prices have risen 5.9 % , outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % .','The initial 3 % inflation goal was set by the government of Felipe Gonzalez and the second , revised goal of 5.8 % . ' )) )

Input: Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier and were up 0.4 % from the previous month , the Bank of Japan announced Friday .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was from a year earlier . ','Japan 's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % . ' ) , ' Japan 's wholesale prices in September were up 0.4 % from the previous month . ' ) , ' This was what the Bank of Japan announced Friday . ' )

Input: And among the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Edison Co. and Niagara Mohawk Power Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , Westinghouse Electric Corp. , Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp. , the big insurer .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Cigna Corp. was the big insurer . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('American Telephone & Telegraph Co. was Westinghouse Electric Corp .. ' , CO / LIST('Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co .. ','Other major issues hitting highs included Exxon Corp .. ','Other major issues hitting highs included Cigna Corp .. ' )) )

Input: Other new lows included Navistar International Corp. , Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp. , all of which are included in the industrial average .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('Other new lows included Navistar International Corp .. ','Other new lows included Union Carbide Corp .. ','Other new lows included Bethlehem Steel Corp .. ' ) , ' All of which are included in the industrial average . ' )

Input: Shares of Rally 's Inc. , an operator of fast - food restaurants , closed at $ 17 each , up from its $ 15 offering price and shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. , a health - care consultant , closed at $ 14.125 , up from its $ 12 offering price .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('Rally 's Inc. was an operator of fast-food restaurants . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was up from its $ 15 offering price . ' , ' , Shares of Rally 's Inc. closed at $ 17 each . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('Employee Benefit Plans Inc. were a health-care consultant . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was up from its $ 12 offering price . ' , ' , Shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc. closed at $ 14.125 . ' )) ))

Input: Jaguar , the London Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions , the company said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST('Jaguar are being notified of the transactions . ','The London Stock Exchange are being notified of the transactions . ','The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions . ' ) , ' This was what the company said . ' )

Input: That 's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans .
Prediction: SUB / CAUSE('That 's . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral . ','The collateral is backing their loans . ' ))

Input: But some big brokerage firms said they do n't expect major problems as a result of margin calls .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what some big brokerage firms said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is as a result of margin calls . ','They do n't expect major problems . ' ))

Input: Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , but reasonable , a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(SUB / ELABORATION('Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , but reasonable . ','Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual , but reasonable . ' ) , ' This was what a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said . ' )

Input: The Garden City , N.Y. , car - rental company said it wo n't renew contracts with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit , Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways unit and Midway Airlines at the end of this year .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what the Garden City , N.Y. , car-rental company said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is with NWA Inc. 's Northwest Airlines unit . ','This is with Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways unit . ','This is with Midway Airlines . ' ) , ' It wo n't renew contracts at the end of this year . ' ))

Input: But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit and Delta Air Lines .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines unit . ','This was with Delta Air Lines . ' ) , ' But it remains involved in programs . ' )

Input: Industry estimates put Avis 's annual cost of all five programs at between $ 8 million and $ 14 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was at between $ 8 million and $ 14 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was of all five programs . ','Industry estimates put Avis 's annual cost of all five . ' ))

Input: A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST('A spokesman for Avis would n't specify the costs . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what a spokesman for Avis said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was for far less than half of the total . ','The three airlines were being dropped account . ' )) )

Input: Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , and National Car Rental Systems Inc. , of Minneapolis , both said they had no plans to follow suit .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Budget Rent a Car Corp. , of Chicago , and National Car Rental Systems Inc. , of Minneapolis , said . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('They had no plans . ','This was to follow suit . ' ))

Input: In fact , Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs , in which renters earn frequent - flier miles and fliers can get car - rental discounts .
Prediction: SUB / DESCRIBING_DEFINITION(SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Budget indicated in fact . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to staying involved in these programs . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in fact . ','It saw some benefit . ' ) , ' Rates earn frequent-flier miles and fliers can get car-rental discounts . ' )) )

Input: I can not see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget 's programs , said Bob Wilson , Budget 's vice president , marketing planning .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Northwest and Midway are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements .
Prediction: NONE

Input: National also participates in the Northwest frequent - flier program along with four other airlines , including Delta and USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This is including Delta . ','This is including USAir Group Inc. 's USAir unit . ' ) , ' National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines . ' )

Input: A month ago , Hertz , of Park Ridge , N.J. , said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta , America West and Texas Air Corp. 's Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines , and that pacts with American Airlines , UAL Inc 's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hertz , of Park Ridge , N.J. , said a month ago . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was at year end with Delta . ','This was at year end with America West . ','This was at year end with Texas Air Corp. 's Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines , and that pacts with American Airlines , UAL Inc 's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 . ' ) , ' Pats with American Airlines , UAL Inc 's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended ... sometime after Dec. 31 . ' ))

Input: At the time , Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Hertz said at the time . ' , CO / LIST('Its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was at the time . ','That the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million . ' )) )

Input: Analysts and competitors , however , doubt the numbers were that high .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what analysts and competitors doubt . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was however . ','The numbers were that high . ' ))

Input: Robert D. Cardillo , Avis vice president of marketing , said , The proliferation and costs attached to -LCB- frequent - flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Robert D. Cardillo was Avis vice president of marketing . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('Robert D. Cardillo said . ' , CO / LIST('The proliferation have significantly diminished their value . ' , ' , Costs attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value . ' )) )

Input: This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis , said Charles Finnie , car - rental industry analyst at Alex . Brown & Sons .
Prediction: NONE

Input: They 've been looking to get their costs down , and this is a fairly sensible way to do it , he said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / LIST('They've been looking to get their costs down . ','This is a fairly sensible way to do it . ' ) , ' This was what he said . ' )

Input: I have every intention of making this the best possible show and having it run one hour is the best way to it , said Rod Perth , who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August .
Prediction: NONE

Input: But CBS News will extend its four - hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes and begin at 1:30 a.m.
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by 30 minutes . ','But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch . ' ) , ' But CBS News will begin at 1:30 a.m. ' )

Input: The show , despite a promising start , has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Nightline on ABC - TV , a unit of Capital Cities / ABC Inc.
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('A unit of General Electric Co. was Nightline on ABC-TV , a unit of Capital Cities / ABC Inc. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was despite a promising start . ','The show has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co. , finishing far below Tonight on NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Nightline on ABC-TV . ' ))

Input: Tandem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said it expects to post higher revenue and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tandem Computers Inc. , preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business , said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was for its fiscal fourth quarter . ','Its fiscal fourth quarter was ended Sept. 30 . ' ) , ' It expects to post higher revenue and earnings . ' ))

Input: Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Tandem said . ' , CO / LIST('It expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million . ','It expects to report earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share . ' ))

Input: In the year - earlier period , Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , on revenue of $ 383.9 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on revenue of $ 383.9 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the year-earlier period . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million . ','Tandem reported net income of 31 cents a share . ' )) )

Input: Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Analysts have predicted . ' , CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is to $ 460 million . ','The Cupertino , Calif. , company will report revenue of $ 430 million . ' ) , ' The Cupertino , Calif. , company will report earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share . ' ))

Input: Tandem makes fault - tolerant computers -- machines with built - in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges , networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- . ' , CO / LIST('Fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- run stock exchanges . ','Fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- run networks of automatic tellers . ','Fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- run other complex computer systems . ' ))

Input: But Mr. Treybig questions whether that will be enough to stop Tandem 's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions that large organizations previously sought from Big Blue 's machines .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Treybig was Mr .. ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what Treybig questions . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('That will be enough to stop Tandem 's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions . ','Large organizations previously sought from Big Blue 's machines . ' )) )

Input: The answer is n't price reductions , but new systems , he said .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION(CO / CONTRAST('The answer is n't price reductions . ','New systems , he said . ' ) , ' This was what he said . ' )

Input: It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit and it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar .
Prediction: CO / LIST(SUB / PURPOSE('It is forcing the Federal Reserve . ','This is to ease its grip on credit . ' ) , ' It took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar . ' )

Input: The resulting decline in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business -- indeed , the entire economy .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is indeed . ' , CO / LIST('The resulting decline in interest rates could reinvigorate American business . ','The value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business . ' ))

Input: Its spasms ca n't be traced to fundamental business conditions , nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy .
Prediction: CO / DISJUNCTION('Its spasms ca n't be traced to fundamental business conditions . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is in the economy . ','They appear to presage major shifts . ' ))

Input: Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth , damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance .
Prediction: CO / LIST ( ' , Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth . ' , ' , Sharply falling stock prices do damage business confidence . ' , SUB / ELABORATION ( ' , Sharply falling stock prices discourage the foreign investors . ','The U.S. now relies for financial sustenance . ' ))

Input: But if the stock market does n't continue to plummet , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION('The stock market does n't continue to plummet . ' , CO / LIST('But , the beneficial effects of lower interest rates may well dominate . ','But , the beneficial effects of a lower dollar may well dominate . ' ))

Input: But the experience of the 1987 crash suggests the Fed is likely to bring down short - term interest rates in its effort to calm markets .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what the experience of the 1987 crash suggests . ' , SUB / PURPOSE(SUB / ELABORATION('This is in its effort . ','The Fed is likely to bring down short-term interest rates . ' ) , ' This is to calm markets . ' ))

Input: That was n't the case in 1987 , when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S ..
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL('That was n't the case in 1987 . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The dollar was so weak . ' , SUB / SPATIAL('This was among foreign investors . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was to the U.S .. ' , ' , Some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse , producing panic and diminishing the flow of foreign capital . ' )) ))

Input: Another big difference between 1987 and 1989 is n't so comforting .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly and for a short period of time , recalls Mr. Zarnowitz , a longtime student of business cycles .
Prediction: NONE

Input: -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Today , he frets , exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week and if consumers retrench in reaction .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Today , he frets . ' , CO / LIST('Exports may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week . ','Business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if consumers retrench in reaction . ' ))

Input: But , in the process , the Fed risks reigniting inflation .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even before Friday 's events , Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets , banks and highly leveraged corporations .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Benjamin Friedman was Harvard University economist . ' , SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Benjamin Friedman was arguing before Friday 's events . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets , banks and highly leveraged corporations . ','The Fed wo n't be able to live up to its tough words . ' )) )

Input: The economy does , however , depend on the confidence of businesses , consumers and foreign investors .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This is however . ' , CO / LIST('The economy does depend on the confidence of businesses . ','The economy does depend on the confidence of consumers . ','The economy does depend on the confidence of foreign investors . ' ))

Input: A 190 - point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over , though , and it will .
Prediction: CO / LIST('A 190-point drop is n't likely to make much of a dent . ' , CO / LIST(SUB / ELABORATION('This is though . ','A 190-point drop is multiply that a few times over . ' ) , ' It will . ' ))

Input: And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well , the dollar 's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it .
Prediction: SUB / CONDITION('Foreign investors become a tad more cautious . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('And , the dollar 's recent strength suggests . ','The U.S. can stand it . ' ))

Input: Two years ago , about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash and the subsequent Depression .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was two years ago . ' , CO / LIST('About the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash . ','About the only point of comparison was the subsequent Depression . ' ))

Input: This could be the first of five or six down quarters .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals , the company still has a big stake in polyethylene , which is used in packaging and housewares .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / CONTRAST('Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals . ','The company still has a big stake in polyethylene . ' ) , ' Polyethylene is used in packaging and housewares . ' )

Input: Analysts'third - quarter estimates for the Midland , Mich. , company are between $ 3.20 a share and $ 3.30 a share , compared with $ 3.36 a year ago , when profit was $ 632 million on sales of $ 4.15 billion .
Prediction: SUB / SPATIAL(SUB / ELABORATION('This was compared with $ 3.36 a year ago . ' , CO / LIST('Analysts'third-quarter estimates for the Midland , Mich. , company are between $ 3.20 a share . ','Analysts'third-quarter estimates for the Midland , Mich. , company are between $ 3.30 a share . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 4.15 billion . ','Profit was $ 632 million . ' )) )

Input: You will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better , says James Wilbur , a Smith Barney analyst .
Prediction: NONE

Input: Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments , fibers and polymers .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was in white pigments . ','This was in fibers . ','This was in polymers . ' ) , ' Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth . ' )

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share , on sales of $ 7.99 billion .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 7.99 billion . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 third quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The company earned $ 461 million . ','The company earned $ 1.91 a share . ' )) )

Input: Monsanto Co. , too , is expected to continue reporting higher profit , even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe and the western U.S ..
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was too . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / LIST('This was by drought in northern Europe . ','This was by drought in the western U.S .. ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was too . ','Monsanto Co. is expected to continue reporting higher profit . ' )) )

Input: Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year , but Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989 .
Prediction: CO / CONTRAST(SUB / ELABORATION('This was through the first half of the year . ' , ' , Searle continued to operate in the red . ' ) SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Monsanto has said . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is for all of 1989.','It expects Searle to post a profit . ' )) )

Input: Most estimates for Monsanto run between $ 1.70 and $ 2 a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: A year ago , the company posted third - quarter profit of $ 116 million , or $ 1.67 a share , on sales of $ 2.02 billion .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 2.02 billion . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was a year ago . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('The company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million . ','The company posted third-quarter profit of $ 1.67 a share . ' )) )

Input: But the commodity - chemical producers are caught on the downside of a pricing cycle .
Prediction: NONE

Input: By some accounts on Wall Street and in the industry , the inventory reductions are near an end , which may presage firmer demand .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This is by some accounts on Wall Street and in the industry . ','The inventory reductions are near an end . ' ) , ' An end may presage firmer demand . ' )

Input: But doubters say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early 1990s .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This is what doubters say . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is on prices . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is into the early 1990s . ','Growing production capacity could keep pressure . ' )) )

Input: Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product , polypropylene , while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene , whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Polypropylene is its mainstay product . ','Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product . ' ) SUB / PURPOSE('It goes forward with a heavy capital investment program . ','This is to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene , whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries . ' ))

Input: At Quantum Chemical Corp. , New York , the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene , higher debt costs and the idling of an important plant due to an explosion .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('Quantum Chemical Corp. is New York . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This is at Quantum Chemical Corp .. ' , CO / LIST('The trouble is lower prices for polyethylene . ','The trouble is higher debt costs . ','The trouble is the idling of an important plant due to an explosion . ' )) )

Input: But the estimates range from break - even to 35 cents a share .
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the 1988 third quarter , Quantum earned $ 99.8 million , or $ 3.92 a share , on sales of $ 724.4 million .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 724.4 million . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was in the 1988 third quarter . ' , CO / DISJUNCTION('Quantum earned $ 99.8 million . ','Quantum earned $ 3.92 a share . ' )) )

Input: Another big polyethylene producer , Union Carbide Corp. , is expected to post profit of between $ 1 a share and $ 1.25 , compared with $ 1.56 a share a year earlier , when the company earned $ 213 million on sales of $ 2.11 billion .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('Union Carbide Corp. was another big polyethylene producer . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was compared with $ 1.56 a share a year earlier . ' , CO / LIST('Another big polyethylene producer is expected to post profit of between $ 1 a share . ','Another big polyethylene producer is expected to post profit of $ 1.25 . ' ) SUB / ELABORATION('This was on sales of $ 2.11 billion . ','The company earned $ 213 million . ' )) ))

Input: Himont , Quantum and Union Carbide all declined to comment .
Prediction: NONE

Input: The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non - U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION(SUB / ELABORATION('This was with terms and syndicate manager . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('This was as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report . ','The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets : . ' ) , ' The following was compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report . ' ))

Input: Rated single - A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single - A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the non - callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets .
Prediction: CO / LIST('The non-callable issue was rated single-A-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp .. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters . ','Underwriters were led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . ' ))

Input: Rated Baa-1 by Moody 's and triple - B - plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
Prediction: CO / LIST('The issue was rated Baa-1 by Moody 's and triple-B-plus by S&P. ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The issue will be sold through underwriters . ','Underwriters were led by Morgan Stanley & Co. ' ))

Input: Among classes for which details were available , yields ranged from 8.78 % , or 75 basis points over two - year Treasury securities , to 10.05 % , or 200 basis points over 10 - year Treasurys .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('This was among classes for which details were available . ' , SUB / ELABORATION(CO / DISJUNCTION('This was to 10.05 % .','This was to 200 basis points over 10-year Treasurys . ' ) CO / DISJUNCTION('Yields ranged from 8.78 % .','Yields ranged from 75 basis points over two-year Treasury securities . ' )) )

Input: The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest - only and principal - only securities .
Prediction: SUB / ELABORATION('The agency 's first strips issue , collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant , will be divided into interest-only and principal-only securities . ' , SUB / ELABORATION('The agency 's first strips issue was collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities . ','A single security was called a Giant . ' ))

Input: Freddie Mac said the principal - only securities were priced at 58 1/4 to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model .
Prediction: SUB / ATTRIBUTION('This was what Freddie Mac said . ' , SUB / PURPOSE('The principal-only securities were priced at 58 1/4.','This was to yield 8.45 % , assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model . ' ))

Input: There were no major Eurobond or foreign bond offerings in Europe Friday .
Prediction: NONE

