Input: But while the New York Stock Exchange didn't fall apart Friday as the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 190.58 points -- most of it in the final hour -- it barely managed to stay this side of chaos.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test, traders say, unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks and futures.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some circuit breakers installed after the October 1987 crash failed their first test, traders say, unable to cool the selling panic in both stocks." \SEP " Some circuit breakerers installed before the October1987 crash failed Their first test, traders say, unable tocool the selling anxiety in both futures." \P )

Input: The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers and sellers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again couldn't handle the selling pressure.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 49 stock specialist firms on the Big Board floor -- the buyers of last resort who were criticized after the 1987 crash -- once again couldn't handle the selling pressure." \SEP " The 49 Stock specialist firmson the Big board floor -- those sellers of last Resort who were criticizing after the1987 crash --once again couldn't handleThe selling pressure. \SEB )

Input: Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL, AMR, BankAmerica, Walt Disney, Capital Cities\/ABC, Philip Morris and Pacific Telesis Group -- stopped trading and never resumed.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Seven Big Board stocks -- UAL -- stopped trading." \SEP " Seven BigBoard stocks -- OAL -- never resumed." \SP " Eight Big Board stock -- AMR -- stopped Trading." \" \SEPs " Seven big Board stocks - AMR - never resumed. Seven Big board stocks -- BankAmerica -- stopped reporting." \EP " Nine Big Boardstocks -- Walt Disney -- never resume." \NONE

Input: Many money managers and some traders had already left their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many money managers had already departed their offices early Friday afternoon on a warm autumn day -- because the stock market was so quiet." \SEP " some traders had already left their offices Early Friday afternoonon a warm Autumn day -- although the stock markets was so silent." \P )

Input: Then in a lightning plunge, the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year, chalking up a 190.58-point, or 6.9 %, loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then in a lightning plunge, the Dow Jones industrials in barely an hour surrendered about a third of their gains this year, chalking up a 190.58-point, loss on the day in gargantuan trading volume." \SEP " Now in a thunder plunge, The Dow Jones Industrials on barely anhour surrendered about to a thirdof their gains these year, chalking up a 6.9 %, losses on the days in gargANTuan trading volumes." \P )

Input: In percentage terms, however, the Dow's dive was the 12th-worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83, or 8 %, a week after Black Monday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In percentage terms, however, the Dow's dive was the 12th-worst ever and the sharpest since the market fell 156.83, a week after Black Monday." \SEP " In percentages terms, meanwhile, the dow's plunge was the 18th-best ever and and thesharpest since The market fell 8 %, a year after BlackMonday." \P )

Input: Shares of UAL, the parent of United Airlines, were extremely active all day Friday, reacting to news and rumors about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of UAL, the parent of United Airlines, were extremely active all day Friday, reacting to news about the proposed $ 6.79 billion buy-out of the airline by an employee-management group." \SEP " Shares of UnitedAL, its parent ofUnited Airlines,were extremely active most day Friday, reacting to rumors about the threatened $ 6.79 billion purchase-out to the passenger by an Employee-management company." \P )

Input: Wall Street's takeover-stock speculators, or risk arbitragers, had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed and UAL stock would rise.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wall Street's takeover-stock speculators, had placed unusually large bets that a takeover would succeed." \SEP " Wall Street "s takeover‐stock speculator, hadplaced unusuallyLarge bets that UAL stock would rise." \NONE

Input: And 10 minutes after the UAL trading halt came news that the UAL group couldn't get financing for its bid.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Arbitragers couldn't dump their UAL stock -- but they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Arbitragers couldn't dump their UAL stock." \SEP " they rid themselves of nearly every rumor stock they had." \P )

Input: For example, their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group, which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2, Delta Air Lines, which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4, and Philips Industries, which sank 3 to 21 1\/2.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For example, their selling caused trading halts to be declared in USAir Group, which closed down 3 7\/8 to 41 1\/2, Delta Air Lines, which fell 7 3\/4 to 69 1\/4, and Philips Industries, which sank 3 to 21 1\/ 2." \SEP )

Input: But as panic spread, speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris and International Business Machines to offset their losses.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But as panic spread, speculators began to sell blue-chip stocks such as Philip Morris to offset their losses." \SEP " But as anxiety spread, speculative began to selling blue-chips such as International Business Machines to offsetTheir losses." )

Input: Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, trading was temporarily halted in Chicago.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under an agreement signed by the Big Board and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, trading was temporarily halted in Chicago." \SEP )

Input: After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago, waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board, and specialists continued to notch prices down.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After the trading halt in the S&P 500 pit in Chicago, waves of selling continued to hit stocks themselves on the Big Board." \SEP " after the trading halted in the s&P500 pit inChicago, specialists continued to notch prices down." \P )

Input: As a result, the link between the futures and stock markets ripped apart.
Prediction: NONE

Input: This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading, stock index arbitrage, that closely links the futures and stock markets, and has been blamed by some for the market's big swings.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This confusion effectively halted one form of program trading, stock index arbitrage, that closely links the futures and stock markets." \SEP " This confusion has been blamed by some for the market's big swings." \P )

Input: -LRB- In a stock-index arbitrage sell program, traders buy or sell big baskets of stocks and offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference. -RRB-
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LRB- In a stock-index arbitrage sell program, traders offset the trade in futures to lock in a price difference. -RRB-" \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" - LRB- in a stock -index arbitrate sell program, traders buy big baskets of stocks. - RRB-"\SEP " -L RB- Ina stock- index arbitrage selling program, trader sell big basketsof stocks. --RRB..." \SEPs ))

Input: But stocks kept falling.
Prediction: NONE

Input: I just think it's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped or hurt things.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just think it's nonproductive at this point to get into a debate if index arbitrage would have helped things." \SEP " I just thought it'm nonproductiveat this pointto get into the debate if Index arbitrage might have hurt things." )

Input: Under another post-crash system, Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter-exchange hot line to the other exchanges, the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal Reserve Board.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under another post-crash system, Big Board President Richard Grasso -LRB- Mr. Phelan was flying to Bangkok as the market was falling -RRB- was talking on an inter-exchange hot line to the other exchanges, the Securities Commission." \SEP " Under another Post-crashing system, Little Board PresidentRichard Grasso-LRB - Mr. Ghelan were flying to Thailand as the markets was falling --RRB– was talking in an inter‐exchange Hot line to those exchanges, and the Federal Reserve Board." \P )

Input: He camped out at a high-tech nerve center on the floor of the Big Board, where he could watch updates on prices and pending stock orders.
Prediction: NONE

Input: At about 3:30 p.m. EDT, S&P futures resumed trading, and for a brief time the futures and stock markets started to come back in line.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:30 p.m. EDT, S&P futures resumed trading." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" for a brief time the futures markets started to come back in line." \SP " for a fleeting time the stock markets started going back in lines." \P ))

Input: But the build-up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market, and the link with stocks began to fray again.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the build-up of S&P futures sell orders weighed on the market." \SEP " But the link with stocks began to fray again." \P )

Input: At about 3:45, the S&P market careened to still another limit, of 30 points down, and trading was locked again.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At about 3:45, the S&P market careened to still another limit, of 30 points down." \SEP " trading was locked again." \P )

Input: The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987 and that there are still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The release cautioned that there are significant differences between the current environment and that of October 1987." \SEP " The release warned that there ARE still attractive investment opportunities in the stock market." \P )

Input: And I think a lot of people will harp on program trading.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But there were no buyers.
Prediction: NONE

Input: At those levels, stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers, who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall, and simultaneously sell off stocks.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Those levels, stocks are set up to be hammered by index arbitragers, who lock in profits by buying futures when futures prices fall." \SEP " At those levels, stock areset up tobe hammered by Index arbitrager, who simultaneously sell off stocks." \P )

Input: But nobody knows at what level the futures and stocks will open today.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But nobody knows at what level the futures will open today." \SEP " But nobody know at which level the stocks will open Today." \P )

Input: The de-linkage between the stock and futures markets Friday will undoubtedly cause renewed debate about whether Wall Street is properly prepared for another crash situation.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the exchange will look at the performance of all specialists in all stocks.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But specialists complain privately that just as in the 1987 crash, the upstairs firms -- big investment banks that support the market by trading big blocks of stock -- stayed on the sidelines during Friday's blood-letting.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Phelan said, It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying and selling Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Phelan said, It will take another day or two to analyze who was buying Friday." \SEP " Mr. Petersselan said, It will taking another dayor two to identify who was selling Friday."\SEP )

Input: Concerning your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles and the leeches : It's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom.
Prediction: COORDINATION("cerning your Sept. 21 page-one article on Prince Charles : It's a few hundred years since England has been a kingdom." \SEP "cerning your September. 21 article on the leeches : It may be a few 100 years sinceEngland has been to kingdom." )

Input: It's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, comprising Wales, Northern Ireland, Scotland, and... oh yes, England, too.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It's now the United Kingdom of Great Britain, comprising Wales, the Northern Ireland, too." \SEP " It is now theUnited Kingdom of great Britain, including Scotland, the same." \SP " Its now the U Kingdom ofGreat Britain, comprising... oh yes, England, here." \NONE

Input: The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt and other obligations resulting from the currently suspended air-charter operations.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said a portion of the $ 32 million realized from the sales will be used to repay its bank debt resulting from the currently suspended air-charter operations." \SEP " The company announced a portion from the sale will beused to repay other obligations stemming from the current suspended air.-charter Operations." \P )

Input: A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp.'s real-estate and shopping-center holdings.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium of private investors operating as LJH Funding Co. said it has made a $ 409 million cash bid for most of L.J. Hooker Corp.'s real-estate holdings." \SEP " A consortiumof private investors Operating as L JH Funding Corp. saidit has made $ 409. million cashbid for mostof L.L.J. Hooker Inc. 'S shopping-center holdings."\SEP )

Input: The group is led by Jay Shidler, chief executive officer of Shidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu, and A. Boyd Simpson, chief executive of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The group is led by Jay Shidler, chief executive officer ofShidler Investment Corp. in Honolulu." \SEP " The group has led by A. Boyd Simpson, chief Executive of the Atlanta-based Simpson Organization Inc." \P )

Input: Mr. Shidler's company specializes in commercial real-estate investment and claims to have $ 1 billion in assets ; Mr. Simpson is a developer and a former senior executive of L.J. Hooker.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The assets are good, but they require more money and management than can be provided in L.J. Hooker's current situation, said Mr. Simpson in an interview.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hooker's philosophy was to build and sell.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Hooker's philosophy was to build." \SEP " Hooker�s philosophywas to sell." \P )

Input: We want to build and hold.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We want to build what we want to hold." \SEP " We wants to hold what we need to make." \SP )

Input: Sanford Sigoloff, chief executive of L.J. Hooker, said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid but that he would review it and bring it to the attention of the creditors committee.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sanford Sigoloff, chief executive of L.J. Hooker, said yesterday in a statement that he has not yet seen the bid." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Sanford sigoloff, chief executiveof L.L.J. Hooker, said yesterday on a statement he would review it to the attention of the creditors committee." \SP " Sanford Sigolaoff, chairman of L.J. hooker, told yesterday ina statement that it would bring it to it to us of the creditor committee."\SEP ))

Input: Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller or B. Altman & Co., L.J. Hooker's department-store chains.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not included in the bid are Bonwit Teller, L.J. Hooker's department-store chains." \SEP " Not excluded in the bidding are B. Altman & Co., L.J. hooker 'S department-Store chains."\SEP )

Input: The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati, the 800,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia, S.C., and the 700,000 square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton, Colo.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The offer covers the massive 1.8 million-square-foot Forest Fair Mall in Cincinnati, the 800,000 square-foot Richland Fashion Mall in Columbia, S.C.,." \SEP " The offer includes the 700,000 Square-foot Thornton Town Center mall in Thornton, Colo." \P )

Input: Other Hooker properties included are a 20-story office tower in midtown Atlanta, expected to be completed next February ; vacant land sites in Florida and Ohio ; L.J. Hooker International, the commercial real-estate brokerage company that once did business as Merrill Lynch Commercial Real Estate, plus other shopping centers.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We don't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid, said Allan Campbell, the head of mergers and acquisitions at Hoare Govett, in an interview.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We don't anticipate any problems in raising the funding for the bid, said Allan Campbell, the head of mergers at Hoare Govett, in an interview." \SEP " We do no anticipate any difficulties in raising raising the funds for the takeover, said Allen Campbell, head of acquisitions at Hoares Govet, inan interview." )

Input: Mr. Herscu proceeded to launch an ambitious, but ill-fated, $ 1 billion acquisition binge that included Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co., as well as majority positions in Merksamer Jewelers, a Sacramento chain ; Sakowitz Inc., the Houston-based retailer, and Parisian Inc., the Southeast department-store chain.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Eventually Mr. Simpson and Mr. Herscu had a falling out over the direction of the company, and Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Simpson said he resigned in 1988." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Eventually Mr. Homer had a falling out over the direction of the company."\SEP " EventuallyMr. Herscu had a fall out over what direction ofthe company." \ \SEPs ))

Input: Since then, Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian's management and is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since then, Hooker Corp. has sold its interest in the Parisian chain back to Parisian's management." \SEP " Since now, Hookger Corp. is currently attempting to sell the B. Altman & Co. chain." \P )

Input: These aren't mature assets, but they have the potential to be so, said Mr. Shidler.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These aren't mature assets, said Mr. Shidler." \SEP " they have the potential to be so, saidMr. Shadler." )

Input: Managed properly, and with a long-term outlook, these can become investment-grade quality properties.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Managed properly, these can become investment-grade quality properties." \SEP " with a long-term outlook,these can become Investment-gradequality properties."\SEP )

Input: The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills and redeeming $ 9.58 billion of maturing bills.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Treasury plans to raise $ 175 million in new cash Thursday by selling about $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills." \SEP " Theasury plans to raising $ 175 billion in new Cash Thursday by redeeming $ 9,58 billion of maturing bills."\SEP )

Input: The bills will be dated Oct. 26 and will mature Oct. 25, 1990.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The bills will be dated Oct. 26." \SEP " The bills can mature Oct. 25, 1990." \P )

Input: Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bids must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Thursday at the Treasury." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Bonds must be receive by 1p.m.* Thursday at Federal Reserve banks." \SP " Bonds mustbe received by one p.pm. Thursday at federal Reserve branches." \P ))

Input: And many fund managers have built up cash levels and say they will be buying stock this week.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And many fund managers have built up cash levels." \SEP " And many Fund managers have say they will be buying stock this week." \P )

Input: At Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest fund company, telephone volume was up sharply, but it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest fund company, telephone volume was up sharply." \SEP " it was still at just half the level of the weekend preceding Black Monday in 1987." \P )

Input: Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend and a lot of fear around, said C. Bruce Johnstone, who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity-Income Fund.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago there were massive redemption levels over the weekend, said C. Bruce Johnstone, who runs Fidelity Investments'$ 5 billion Equity-Income Fund." \SEP " Two years yesterday there were a lot of fear around, said c. BruceJohnstone,who runs F Investments'' $ five billion Equity.-Income fund." \P )

Input: But fund managers say they're ready.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Windsor Fund's John Neff and Mutual Series'Michael Price said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 % and 30 %, respectively, this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION("Windsor Fund's John Neff said they had raised their cash levels to more than 20 %, respectively, this year." \SEP " Windsor fund'sJohn Neff told they had raise their cash level to more like 30 %, alike, thisyear." \SP " Mutual Series'Michael Price said they were raised their Cash levels to More than 20%., respectively, this year." Mutual series'MichaelPrice said they have raised theircash levels to 30 %, respectively, these year."\SEP )

Input: Even Peter Lynch, manager of Fidelity's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund, the nation's largest stock fund, built up cash to 7 % or $ 850 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even Peter Lynch, manager of Fidelity's $ 12.7 billion Magellan Fund, the nation's largest stock fund, built up cash to 7 % for $ 850 million." \SEP )

Input: One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions, the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August and September.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One reason is that after two years of monthly net redemptions, the fund posted net inflows of money from investors in August." \SEP " One reason Is that aftertwo years of Monthly net rediscoverions, The fund posting net inflOWS of moneyfrom investors in September." \P )

Input: That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August and September of 1987.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was modestly higher than the 8.8 % and 9.2 % levels in August of 1987." \SEP " That was inexpensively higher above the 8.8 % or 9. 2 % level in September of 1987. \SEB )

Input: But a strong level of investor withdrawals is much more unlikely this time around, fund managers said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months, but monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Stock-fund sales have rebounded in recent months." \SEP " monthly net purchases are still running at less than half 1987 levels." \P )

Input: Vincent Bajakian, manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund, added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Vincent Bajakian, manager of the $ 1.8 billion Wellington Fund, added to his positions in Bristol-Myers Squibb, Woolworth and Dun & Bradstreet Friday." \SEP )

Input: And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly, Pfizer and American Home Products whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And today he 'll be looking to buy drug stocks like Eli Lilly whose dividend yields have been bolstered by stock declines." \SEP " And today his 'llbe looking to bought drug stocks such as Pfizer whose dividend yield have been boosted by stock losses." \P " Today he's looking to buying drug stocks Like American Home Products whose dividend rates have been supported by stock collapses." \SP )

Input: If the market drops further today, he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers and Kellogg.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the market drops further today, he said he 'll be buying blue chips such as Bristol-Myers." \SEP " if the market Drops further today, he said I 'llbe buying blue chip such as Kellogg." \SP )

Input: But most investors were seeking share prices and other information.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But most investors were seeking share prices." \SEP " But most investor were seeking other information." \P )

Input: They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines and other snags that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They hope to avoid the jammed phone lines that infuriated some fund investors in October 1987." \SEP " They hopeto avoid the other snags that infuriating some fund Investors in October1987." \P )

Input: But most investors seemed to be in an information mode rather than in a transaction mode, said Steven Norwitz, a vice president.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And Vanguard, among other groups, said it was adding more phone representatives today to help investors get through.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Some early selling is likely to stem from investors and portfolio managers who want to lock in this year's fat profits.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some early selling is likely to stem from investors who want to lock in this year's fat profits." \SEP " Some initial selling is Likely to stemfrom portfolio managers who wantto lock in the year 'S fat profits. \SEB )

Input: Elaine Garzarelli, who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.'s $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio, predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors and some panic selling.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elaine Garzarelli, who runs Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc.'s $ 335 million Sector Analysis Portfolio, predicts the market will open down at least 50 points on technical factors." \SEP " Elaine Garanzarelli, who runs Itarson Lehmann Hutton INC. 'S $ 335. million Sector analysis Portfolio, predicts the markets will open up at least50 points on some panic selling." \P )

Input: But she expects prices to rebound soon and is telling investors she expects the stock market won't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But she expects prices to rebound soon." \SEP " But she is telling investors she expects the stock market won't decline more than 10 % to 15 % from recent highs." \P )

Input: Half of them are really scared and want to sell, she said, but I'm trying to talk them out of it.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I'm trying to talk them out of it." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Half of them are really scared, she said." \SP " Half of they want to sell, she says."\SEP ))

Input: Two years ago, unlike today, the dollar was weak, interest rates were rising and the market was very overvalued, they say.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago, unlike today, the dollar was weak, they say." \SEP " Two years yesterday, unlike Today, interest rates were rising, they says." \EP " two years old, unlikeToday, the market was very overvalued, they said." \P )

Input: From the investors'standpoint, institutions and individuals learned a painful lesson... by selling at the lows on Black Monday, said Stephen Boesel, manager of the $ 580 million T. Rowe Price Growth and Income Fund.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Newport Corp. said it expects to report fiscal-first-quarter earnings of between 15 cents and 19 cents a share, somewhat below analysts'estimates of 19 cents to 23 cents.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The maker of scientific instruments and laser parts said orders fell below expectations in recent months.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The makers of scientific instruments said orders fell below expectations in recent months." \SEP " The maker of scientific laser parts said orders fall below expected in recentmonths." \P )

Input: A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter's figure, when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million, or 21 cents a share, on $ 14.1 million in sales.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman added that sales in the current quarter will about equal the yearearlier quarter's figure, when Newport reported net income of $ 1.7 million, or 21 cents a share, on $ 14.1 million in sales." \SEP )

Input: Peter Otradovec, vice president for planning at the Phoenix, Ariz., carrier, said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing, now entering its 13th day, has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Peter Otradovec, vice president for planning at the Phoenix, Ariz., carrier, said in an interview that the work stoppage at Boeing, now entering its 13th day, has caused some turmoil in our scheduling and that more than 500 passengers who were booked to fly out of Houston on America West would now be put on other airlines." \SEP )

Input: Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday wouldn't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights, including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Otradovec said Boeing told America West that the 757 it was supposed to get this Thursday wouldn't be delivered until Nov. 7 -- the day after the airline had been planning to initiate service at Houston with four daily flights, including three nonstops to Phoenix and one nonstop to Las Vegas." \SEP )

Input: At this point, no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio, Texas ; Newark, N.J. ; and Palmdale, Calif. -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At this point, no other America West flights -- including its new service at San Antonio, Texas -- have been affected by the delays in Boeing deliveries." \SEP " At this time, no others America West flight -- including Newark, N.J. -- have be affected by that delays in aerospace deliveries."\SEP'At thispoint, no alternative America West fares -- including flights -- at Palmdale, Calif. - have beenaffected by the setbacks in Boeing shipments." \P )

Input: I just don't feel that the company can really stand or would want a prolonged walkout, Tom Baker, president of Machinists'District 751, said in an interview yesterday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I just don't feel that the company can really stand, Tom Baker, president of Machinists'District 751, said in an interview yesterday." \SEP " I just doesn't feels that the companies would want a prolonged walkout, Tom Brady, presidentof Machinist'District seven51, made in an interviews yesterday." )

Input: America West, though, is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" America West, though, is a smaller airline than many of its competitors would be." \SEP "America West, however, is therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than manyof its competitors Would be."\SEP )

Input: I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets, they might not miss one at all, Mr. Otradovec said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I figure that American probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets, they might not miss one at all, Mr. Otradovec said." \SEP " I figure That United probably have so a hard effort counting all of planes intheir fleets,they might not missed one at at all, Mr.Otradovesc said. \SEB )

Input: Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery at the end of this month and expects to have the plane on time.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Southwest Airlines has a Boeing 737-300 set for delivery at the end of this month." \SEP " Southwest Airlines expects to have the plane on time." \P )

Input: American is preparing to take delivery of another 757 in early December and 20 more next year and isn't anticipating any changes in that timetable.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American is planning to take delivery of 20 more next year." \SEP " American isn't anticipating any changes in that timetable." \P )

Input: In Seattle, a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Seattle, a Boeing spokesman explained that the company has been in constant communication with all of its customers and that it was impossible to predict what further disruptions might be triggered by the strike." \SEP )

Input: Meanwhile, supervisors and non-striking employees have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company's Everett, Wash., plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile, supervisors have been trying to finish some 40 aircraft -- mostly 747 and 767 jumbo jets at the company's Everett, Wash., plant -- that were all but completed before the walkout." \SEP " Meanwhile, non-striking employees have been tried to start some 40 airplanes -- mostly 767 and 757 jumbo jet at the companies's Seattle, Wash., plant - that were almost but completed by the walkouts." \SP )

Input: As of Friday, four had been delivered and a fifth plane, a 747-400, was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As of Friday, four had been delivered." \SEP " a fifth plane, a 747-400, was supposed to be flown out over the weekend to Air China." \P )

Input: The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term and that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term, said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market has taken two views : that the labor situation will get settled in the short term, said Howard Rubel, an analyst at Cyrus J. Lawrence Inc." \SEP " The market have taken two ideas : that things look very rosy for Boeing in the long term, described Howard Rubsel,an analyst at C. Lawrence INC." \P )

Input: But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month, hinting that the company and union may resume negotiations as early as this week.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mr. Baker said he thinks the earliest a pact could be struck would be the end of this month, hinting that the company may resume negotiations as early as this week." \SEP " But Mr. Baker said his thinks the early a pact if be struckwould be the ending of thismonth, hintings that the union may resume proceedings as earlyas this week. \SEB )

Input: But Mr. Baker called the letter -- and the company's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact, plus bonuses -- very weak.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mr. Baker called the letter -- very weak." \SEP " But he called the company's offer of a 10 % wage increase over the life of the pact, plus bonuses -- very strong." \P )

Input: He added that the company miscalculated the union's resolve and the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added that the company miscalculated the union's resolve." \SEP " He added the workers'disgust with being forced to work many hours overtime." \P )

Input: In separate developments : -- Talks have broken off between Machinists representatives at Lockheed Corp. and the Calabasas, Calif., aerospace company.
Prediction: NONE

Input: It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday, but that has been pushed back indefinitely.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It had planned a strike vote for next Sunday." \SEP " that has been pushed back indefinitely." \P )

Input: -- And Boeing on Friday said it received an order from Martinair Holland for four model 767-300 wide-body jetliners valued at a total of about $ 326 million.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons, but not because of the strike.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A Boeing spokeswoman said a delivery date for the planes is still being worked out for a variety of reasons, but not because of the strike." \SEP )

Input: Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants, some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB-, in Great Britain and elsewhere.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Atco Ltd. said its utilities arm is considering building new electric power plants, some valued at more than one billion Canadian dollars -LRB- US$ 851 million -RRB-, in Great Britain." \SEP " Atco Lt. announced its utilities arms is considering Building new electric Power plants, many valued at More than one million Canadian dollars,LRB.- US$ eight51 billion -RRb-, elsewhere." \P )

Input: C.S. Richardson, Atco's senior vice president, finance, said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada, and conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere, including Britain, where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" C.S. Richardson, Atco's senior vice president, finance, said its 50.1%-owned Canadian Utilities Ltd. unit is reviewing cogeneration projects in eastern Canada." \SEP " C.s. Richardson, Atco�s Senior vice president, finance, cited conventional electric power generating plants elsewhere, including Britain, where the British government plans to allow limited competition in electrical generation from private-sector suppliers as part of its privatization program." \P )

Input: But we wouldn't go into them alone, and Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But we wouldn't go into them alone, he said." \SEP " But Canadian Utilities'equity stake would be small, he says." \P )

Input: Ideally, we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB- and a modest equity investor.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ideally, we 'd like to be the operator -LCB- of the project -RCB-." \SEP " Personally, we want to be a modest equity investor." \P )

Input: Mr. Richardson wouldn't offer specifics regarding Atco's proposed British project, but he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country's plan to privatize its massive water and electric utilities.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Richardson wouldn't offer specifics regarding Atco's proposed British project." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" he said it would compete for customers with two huge British power generating companies that would be formed under the country's plan to privatize its massive water utilities." \P " he said he would compete with customers with Two huge British Power generating companies which would be forming under the government's plans to privatise its massive electric utilities."\SEP ))

Input: Britain's government plans to raise about  20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water and electric utilities, beginning next month.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Britain's government plans to raise about # 20 billion -LRB- $ 31.05 billion -RRB- from the sale of most of its giant water utilities, beginning next month." \SEP "Britain'sgovernment plans to raising about # 21 billion - LRB- U 31.35 billion - RRB-from the saleof most of Its giant electric utilities, begin next month. \SEB )

Input: Under terms of the plan, independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994, and for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under terms of the plan, independent generators would be able to compete for 15 % of customers until 1994." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Under Terms of the Plan, independent generator would be allowed to for another 10 % between 1994 and 1998." \SP ))

Input: Canadian Utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion, mainly from its natural gas and electric utility businesses in Alberta, where the company serves about 800,000 customers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Canadian utilities had 1988 revenue of C$ 1.16 billion, mainly from its natural gas businesses in Alberta, where the company serves about 800,000 customers." \SEP " Canadian Utilities had 1988 Revenue of C $ 1. 16 billion, mostly from its electric utility businesses in Manitoba, whereThe company serves almost 800,00 customers."\SEP )

Input: There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity, Mr. Richardson said, and Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There seems to be a move around the world to deregulate the generation of electricity." \SEP " Canadian Utilities hopes to capitalize on it." \P )

Input: We're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England, said Bruce Stram, vice president, corporate strategy and corporate planning, with Enron Corp., Houston, a big natural gas producer and pipeline operator.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We're certainly looking at some power generating projects in England, said Bruce Stram, vice president, corporate strategy and corporate planning, with Enron Corp., Houston, a big natural gas producer." \SEP " We's certainly looking on some power generated projects inEngland, saidBruce Stram, vice president, corporate strategy or corporate planning, with EnRON Corp., Houston,a big naturalgas pipeline operator." \SP )

Input: PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million, or 14 cents to 18 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" PSE Inc. said it expects to report third earnings of $ 1.3 million to $ one.7 million." \SEP " PSE INC. saidit expects to file third earnings for 14 cents to 18 cents a share." \P )

Input: In the year-ago quarter, the designer and operator of cogeneration and waste heat recovery plants had net income of $ 326,000, or four cents a share, on revenue of about $ 41.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-ago quarter, the designer of cogeneration plants had net income of $ 326,000, or four cents a share, on revenue of about $ 41.4 million." \SEP " In theyear-agoquarter, the Designer of waste heat recovery plants had Net income of$ 326,00, or two cents a shares, on Revenue of about$ 41. 4 million."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" In this year-old quarter, The designer of ceneration plant had net incomes of $ 329,000, on revenueof about $ 21.4 billion." \SP'In the week-ago month, the designers of ciseration plants were net incomeof $ 326.000, on income of about dollars 41.2 million."}\SEP ))

Input: CONCORDE trans-Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris and $ 3,200 to London.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CONCORDE trans-Atlantic flights are $ 2,400 to Paris." \SEP " CONCOR DE trans-atlantic flights are 3,200 to London." \P )

Input: The well flowed at a rate of 2.016 million cubic feet of gas a day through a 16 64-inch opening at depths between 5,782 and 5,824 feet.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The partnership, Kaufman & Broad Land Development Venture Limited Partnership, is a 50-50 joint venture with a trust created by institutional clients of Heitman Advisory Corp., a unit of Heitman Financial Corp., a real estate advisory, management and development company with offices in Chicago and Beverly Hills, Calif.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The land to be purchased by the joint venture hasn't yet received zoning and other approvals required for development, and part of Kaufman & Broad's job will be to obtain such approvals.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" part of Kaufman & Broad's job will be to obtain such approvals." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" The land to be purchased by the joint venture hasn't yet received zoning required for development." \SP " The landto be purchased from the jointventure has not yet received other approvals required fordevelopment." \P ))

Input: The partnership runs the risk that it may not get the approvals for development, but in return, it can buy land at wholesale rather than retail prices, which can result in sizable savings, said Bruce Karatz, president and chief executive officer of Kaufman & Broad.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Typically, developers option property, and then once they get the administrative approvals, they buy it, said Mr. Karatz, adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Typically, developers option property, said Mr. Karatz, adding that he believes the joint venture is the first of its kind." \SEP " Typically, once they get the administrative approvals, they buy it, saidMr.Karatz, added that he wants the joint joint venture to the very first of their kind."\SEP )

Input: The company is putting up only 10 % of the capital, although it is responsible for providing management, planning and processing services to the joint venture.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But now prices have nose-dived and Quantum's profit is plummeting.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But now prices have nose-dived." \SEP " But now Quantum's profit is plummeting." \P )

Input: Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter, compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million, or $ 3.92 a share, on sales of $ 724.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some securities analysts are looking for no better than break-even results from the company for the third quarter, compared with year-earlier profit of $ 99.8 million, or $ 3.92 a share, on sales of $ 724.4 million." \SEP )

Input: And the financial decline of some looks steep only in comparison with the heady period that is just behind them.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp., the company exited the wine and spirits business and plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive's job in 1986.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Once known as National Distillers & Chemical Corp., the company plowed more of its resources into plastics after Mr. Stookey took the chief executive's job in 1986." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Previously known as national Distillgers & Chemical Dr., The company exited the wine business." \P " Once knownas National Distillingers & chemical Corp. the company entered the spirits business."\SEP ))

Input: Mr. Stookey, 59 years old, declined to be interviewed for this article, but he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks and the troughs of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Stookey, 59 years old, declined to be interviewed for this article." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" he has consistently argued that over the long haul -- across both the peaks of the plastics market -- Quantum will prosper through its new direction." \P " he has repeatedly argued that he over the longer haul -- among both the troughs of the plastic market -- quantum will prosper among its new directions." \SP ))

Input: Quantum's lot is mostly tied to polyethylene resin, used to make garbage bags, milk jugs, housewares, toys and meat packaging, among other items.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co., Union Carbide Corp. and several oil giants -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But its competitors -- including Dow Chemical Co. -- have much broader business interests and so are better cushioned against price swings." \SEP " But its competitor -- including Union Carbide Corp. -- are much broaderbusiness interests and even are better cushionioned against prices swings."\SEP )

Input: Benchmark grades, which still sold for as much as 50 cents a pound last spring, have skidded to between 35 cents and 40 cents.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world, other buyers then bet that prices had peaked and so began to draw down inventories rather than order new product.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Calculating that excess polyethylene would soon be sloshing around the world, other buyers then bet that prices had peaked." \SEP " Calculated that excesspolyethylene will soon be sliding around the globe, Other buyers then began to draw down inventories rather than order new product." \P )

Input: No one knows, however, whether the new posted prices will stick once producers and customers start to haggle.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No one knows, however, whether the new posted prices will stick once producers start to haggle." \SEP " No one know, however, whether the current posted prices Will stick once customers start to gaggle. \SEB )

Input: One doubter is George Krug, a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co. and a bear on plastics stocks.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One doubter is George Krug, a chemical-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co.." \SEP " One doubtter isGeorge Krug, an bear on plastics stocks." \P )

Input: But others came away thinking he had given something less than his usual straight-from-the-shoulder performance.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two workers died and six remain in the hospital.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two workers died." \SEP " six remain in the hospital." \P )

Input: Until this year, the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate and picking up trade-group safety awards.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until this year, the company had been steadily lowering its accident rate." \SEP " Until this month, the government had been picking up trade-group safety awards." \P )

Input: When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand, calculating lost profit and thus claims under business-interruption insurance is straightforward.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When a plant has just been running flat out to meet demand, calculating lost profit under business-interruption insurance is straightforward." \SEP " When a Plant has just recently been runningflat out to face demand, counting claims under business.-interruption Insurance is straightforward. \SEB )

Input: But the numbers become trickier -- and subject to dickering between insured and insurer -- when demand is shifting.
Prediction: NONE

Input: You say you could have sold X percent of this product and Y percent of that, recalls Theodore Semegran, an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You say you could have sold X percent of this product, recalls Theodore Semegran, an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton who went through this exercise during his former career as a chemical engineer." \SEP " You say it could have sales Y percent of that, recallsodore Semegrain, an Analyst at She Carson LehmanHutton who came through this Exercise during his previous career as an chemical engineer. \SEB )

Input: And then you still have to negotiate.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum's polyethylene production and 50 % of its ethylene production.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The plant usually accounts for 20 % to 25 % of Quantum's polyethylene production." \SEP " The plant generally accounts for 50 % of its ethylene production." )

Input: Asked about a bid for Quantum, a BP spokesman says, We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors, and I think that falls in that category.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked about a bid for Quantum, a BP spokesman says, We pretty much have a policy of not commenting on rumors." \SEP " I think that falls in that category." \P )

Input: A spokesman for the New York-based food and tobacco giant, taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit, and dismissing its 14 employees, in a move to save money.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the New York-based food giant, taken private earlier this year in a $ 25 billion leveraged buy-out by Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co., confirmed that it is shutting down the RJR Nabisco Broadcast unit, and dismissing its 14 employees, in a move to save money." \SEP " A spokesman of the New New York.-based tobacco giant, given private earlier last year in $ 25 million leveraged purchase-out from Kohlberger KravisRoberts & Co., confirmedThat it is shut down the SJR Nabsa Broadcast unit, and dismissing Its 14 employees, in a moving to save time." \P )

Input: The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network-buying plans with its two main advertising firms, FCB\/Leber Katz and McCann Erickson.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said RJR is discussing its network-buying plans with its two main advertising firms, FCB\/Leber Katz." \SEP " The spokesman described RJR are discussing its networks-buiting plans with two mainadvertising firms, McCann Erickson." \P )

Input: The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1, and the move won't affect RJR's print, radio and spot-television buying practices.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The spokesman said the broadcast unit will be disbanded Dec. 1." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" The spokeswoman said the move won't affect RJR's print buying practices." \SP " The spokesman added the moves wo nt affect R JR's radio buying practices. \SEPs " The spokeswoman added the movewon't impact RJR "s spot-television buying practices. \SEPP ))

Input: The U.S., which is finalizing its steel-import quotas, is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The U.S., which is finalizing its steel-import quotas, is allocating a larger share of its steel market to developing and newly industrialized countries which have relatively unsubsidized steel industries." \SEP )

Input: Meanwhile, the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan's steel quota, and made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Meanwhile, the U.S. has negotiated a significant cut in Japan's steel quota." \SEP " Meanwhile, Japan has made only a minor increase to the steel allotment for the European Community." \P )

Input: Brazil, similar to Mexico and South Korea, is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas, which expired Sept. 30.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil, similar to Mexico, is expected to negotiate a somewhat bigger share of the U.S. market than it had under the previous five-year steel quotas, which expired Sept. 30." \SEP " Brazil,similar to South Korea, isexpected to negotiatea somewhat bigger proportion of theU.S.- market than It had under previous five‑year steel quota, which expire Sept.30." \P )

Input: Brazil and Venezuela are the only two countries that haven't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1, 1990.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brazil are the only two countries that haven't completed steel talks with the U.S. for the year ending Oct. 1, 1990." \SEP " Venezuela are the ones two countries who have n:// completed steel discussions with theU.S.— for theyear ending Oct. 1,1990." \P )

Input: Other countries that don't have formal steel quotas with the U.S., such as Taiwan, Sweden and Argentina, also have supplied steel.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other countries that don't have formal steel quotas with the U.S., such as Taiwan, also have supplied steel." \SEP " Other countries who do nt have formal Steel quotas with Japan, suchas Sweden, respectively have supplied Steel." \EP "Other countries that doesn'thave formal steel quota with Japan, such as Argentina, also having supplied steel. \SEPs )

Input: It also said it would use that two-and-a-half year period to work toward an international consensus on freeing up the international steel trade, which has been notoriously managed, subsidized and protected by governments.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The EC and Japan -- the U.S.'s largest steel suppliers -- haven't been filling their quotas to the full extent.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The EC are the U.S.'s largest steel suppliers -- haven't been filling their quotas to the full extent." \SEP " Japan -- the U.-S. "s largest Steel suppliers -- havenn't be filling their quota to the fullest extent."\SEP )

Input: But its quota has been as high as 6.9 % in 1984.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Japan, the EC, Brazil, Mexico and South Korea provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japan provide about 80 % of the steel imported to the U.S. under the quota program." \SEP " the EC provide about80 % of what steel imported from the U.-S. during the quota season." \NONE

Input: The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters, such as Australia and Venezuela.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The balance is supplied by a host of smaller exporters, such as Australia." \SEP " The balance Is supplied by the host of small exporters, such as Venezuela." \P )

Input: That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program and 1 % from cutting Japan's allowance.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That was essentially made up of a 1 % increase in the overall quota program." \SEP " That was basically made up from 1 % from cutting Japan's allowance." \P )

Input: These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration's steel-quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies and protectionism from their own steel industries.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These optional 1%-a-year increases to the steel quota program are built into the Bush administration's steel-quota program to give its negotiators leverage with foreign steel suppliers to try to get them to withdraw subsidies from their own steel industries." \SEP " These optional 2%-a.-year increases of the steel quotas program are manufactured into the administration 'S steel- quota program for give its negotiations leverage with external steel suppliersto try to getting them to pull protectionism from their very steel industries. \SEB )

Input: Elcotel Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results, but anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elon Inc. expects fiscal second-quarter earnings to trail 1988 results." \SEP " Elcotel Inc. anticipates that several new products will lead to a much stronger performance in its second half." \P )

Input: Elcotel, a telecommunications company, had net income of $ 272,000, or five cents a share, in its year-earlier second quarter, ended Sept. 30.
Prediction: COORDINATION("Elcotel, a telecommunications company, had net income of $ 272,000, in its year-earlier second quarter, ended Sept. 30." \SEP " Elcotel, a telecommunications companies, had Net income of five cents a share, inIts year-Earlier secondquarter, ended September. 30.� \SEB )

Input: George Pierce, chairman and chief executive officer, said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" George Pierce, chairman, said in an interview that earnings in the most recent quarter will be about two cents a share on revenue of just under $ 4 million." \SEP "George Pierce, chief executive officer, said In an interviewthat earnings inthe most recentquarter will be as two cents to share on Revenue of just below $ 4 millions." \P )

Input: Within the next year, Elcotel expects to place 10,000 fax machines, made by Minolta in Japan, in hotels, municipal buildings, drugstores and other public settings around the country.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect, store and forward billing data.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel will provide a credit-card reader for the machines to collect billing data." \SEP " Elcotil will provide software reader for those machines to store billing data. \SEPs " Elotel will provides software readerfor the machines that forward billing data. \SEB )

Input: Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company's system for automating and handling credit-card calls and collect calls.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elcotel has also developed an automatic call processor that will make further use of the company's system for automating credit-card calls and collect calls." \SEP " Elcotil has alsodeveloped an automatic calling processor that is make further uses of the man's systems for automates credit-Card calls and collects calls."\SEP )

Input: The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones, which don't accept coins, for use in hotel lobbies, office lobbies, hospitality lounges and similar settings.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company will also be producing a new line of convenience telephones, which don't accept coins, for use in hotel lobbies." \SEP " The company plans also beproducing a new company of convenience telephone, which doesn't accepted coins, to use in office lobbies. \SEp " The man will alsobe producing a New line of convenient telephones, which do not accept coins, for use at hospitality lounges." \SP "The company will now be producing new lineof convenience telephone, which Don't accepting coins,for use in similar settings." \P )

Input: Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors and convenience phones would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Pierce estimated that the processors would produce about $ 5 of recurring net earnings for each machine each month." \SEP " Mr. Paul estimated that The convenience phones would produced about $ five of recurring Net earnings for every machine eachmonth." \P )

Input: Britain's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August and was up 7.6 % for the year, the Central Statistical Office said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Britain's retail price index rose 0.7 % in September from August, the Central Statistical Office said." \SEP "Britain's consumer price index was up 7.6 % for the year, theCentral Statistical Office announced." \P )

Input: The company said the plan wasn't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest, a maker and marketer of hospital products.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said the plan wasn't adopted in response to any known offers for Quest, a maker of hospital products." \SEP " The company denied the plan weren't abandoned in response of any known offerings for Quest, a marketer of hospital services." \P )

Input: The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person or group acquires more than 15 % of the company's common stock or announces a tender offer.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rights allow shareholders to purchase Quest stock at a discount if any person acquires more than 15 % of the company's common stock or announces a tender offer." \SEP " The rights allowed shareholders to purchased Quest stock on a discount when any group acquires More than 15% of the country'sCommon stock or announcements a tender offering." \P )

Input: While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging and convenience of concentrated products, the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market, where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While the Japanese have embraced the compact packaging of concentrated products, the true test for P&G will be in the $ 4 billion U.S. detergent market, where growth is slow and liquids have gained prominence over powders." \SEP " While theJapanese have embraced The compact convenience of concentrated product, the real test of P&Gs will be on the $ 2 billion U.-S. deterrentgent market, where development is slow or liquids have gaining prominence over powderers."\SEP )

Input: But the product, which wasn't as concentrated as the new Cheer, bombed in a market test in Denver and was dropped.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the product, which wasn't as concentrated as the new Cheer, bombed in a market test in Denver." \SEP " But the products, which weren'tas concentrated than the new cheer, was dropped." \P )

Input: P&G and others also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent and fabric softener combinations in pouches, but they haven't sold well, despite the convenience.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" P&G also have tried repeatedly to hook consumers on detergent combinations in pouches." \SEP " they haven't sold well, despite the convenience." \SP " P &G also continue to try repeatedly to hooks consumers on fabric softener combinations in Pouches,." \

Input: But P&G contends the new Cheer is a unique formula that also offers an ingredient that prevents colors from fading.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And retailers are expected to embrace the product, in part because it will take up less shelf space.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But with so many brands vying for space, that's no longer the case.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S., but so far the company has focused on acquisitions, such as last year's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co., a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Kao officials previously have said they are interested in selling detergents in the U.S.." \SEP " so far the company has focused on acquisitions, such as last year's purchase of Andrew Jergens Co., a Cincinnati hand-lotion maker." \P )

Input: This is something P&G would do with or without Kao, says Mr. Zurkuhlen.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This is something P&G would do with Kao, says Mr. Zurkuhlen." \SEP " This issomething P&Gs would do without Kao." \P )

Input: With economic tension between the U.S. and Japan worsening, many Japanese had feared last week's visit from U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Instead, they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. and Japan to work together and of the importance of the long-term view.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead, they got a discussion of the need for the U.S. to work together." \SEP " Instead,they got a debate of the importance of the long-term view." \SP "Instead, they received a discussion about the need to Japan to work Together." \P " Mr, they heard a discussionof the importance for theLong-term views." \

Input: He said such results should be measurable in dollars and cents in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said such results should be measurable in dollars or cents in reducing the U.S. trade deficit with Japan." \SEP )

Input: But Mrs. Hills, speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday, stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring or summer, it is rather to have a blueprint for action.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Mrs. Hills, speaking at a breakfast meeting of the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan on Saturday, stressed that the objective is not to get definitive action by spring, it is rather to have a blueprint for action." \SEP " But Mrs. Hills,speaking at a Breakfast meeting of The American Chamberof Commerce in Japanese on Saturday, stressed that if the objective does not get definitiveaction by summer, it has rather to having a blueprint of action." )

Input: She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment... some small step to convince the American people and the Japanese people that we're moving in earnest.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She added that she expected perhaps to have a down payment... some small step to convince the American people that we're moving in earnest." \SEP " She added That she expectedPerhaps to have the down payment -- some smallstep to convince those Japanese people that our'removing in earnest. \SP )

Input: American and Japanese officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" American officials offered several theories for the difference in approach betwen Mr. Mosbacher and Mrs. Hills." \SEP " Japanese officials offeredSeveral theories for what difference in Approach betwenMr. Mosabacher and Mr. Hills. \SEPs )

Input: But some saw it as a classic negotiating tactic.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And some said it reflected the growing debate in Washington over pursuing free trade with Japan versus some kind of managed trade.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher's, Mrs. Hills replied : I didn't hear every word he spoke, but as a general proposition, I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked to compare her visit to Mr. Mosbacher's, Mrs. Hills replied : I didn't hear every word he spoke." \SEP " Asked to comparison her visit with Mr.Mosbacher "s, Mr. Hills responded : as a general proposition, I think we have a very consistent trade strategy in the Bush administration." \P )

Input: I don't feel either hard or soft.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I don't feel either hard or soft." \SEP )

Input: I feel committed to the program of opening markets and expanding trade.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I feel committed to the program of opening markets." \SEP " I feels committed to development of expanding trade." \P )

Input: When she met the local press for the first time on Friday, Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products, satellites and supercomputers, three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When she met the local press for the first time on Friday, Mrs. Hills firmly reiterated the need for progress in removing barriers to trade in forest products, three areas targeted under the Super 301 provision of the 1988 trade bill." \SEP " When she interviewed the local media for the First time on Monday, Mrs. Hills firmly affirmed the need to progress in remove barriers to trading in satellites, three spots targeted under that Super 301 provisions of the1988 trade bill. \SEPs " When we met thelocal press for a first time in Friday, Mr. Hills strongly reiterated the needs for progress for removing barriers of trade in supercomputers, three places targeted under this Super 301 proposal of the 1989 trade bill. \SEB )

Input: But her main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade and open competition.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But she main thrust was to promote the importance of world-wide free trade." \SEP " But her main thrustwas to promote what importance of open competition." \SP )

Input: She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors and shouldn't be tackled by setting quantitative targets.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She said the trade imbalance was mainly due to macroeconomic factors." \SEP " She said it shouldn't be tackled by setting quantitative targets." \P )

Input: But I am relieved to see that you are beautiful and gentle and intelligent and a person of integrity.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991, but the Japanese have denied making any such promise.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many Americans have interpreted a 1986 agreement as assuring U.S. companies a 20 % share by 1991." \SEP " the Japanese have denied making any such promise." \P )

Input: But she stressed, I am against managed trade.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30 and is seeking new financing.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traditional Industries Inc. said it expects to report a net loss for the fourth quarter that ended June 30." \SEP " Traditional Industries INC. announced it is seeking new financing." \P )

Input: The seller of photographic products and services said it is considering a number of financing alternatives, including seeking increases in its credit lines.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The seller of photographic products said it is considering a number of financing alternatives, including seeking increases in its credit lines." \SEP " The sellerof photographic services said it are considering a series of financing options, including seek increases in Its credit lines. \SEB )

Input: Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss and wouldn't say if it expects to show a profit for the year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Traditional declined to estimate the amount of the loss." \SEP " Traditional wouldn't say if it expects to show a profit for the year." \P )

Input: In the year ended June 30, 1988, Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million, or $ 1.21 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended June 30, 1988, Traditional reported net income of $ 4.9 million." \SEP " In theyear ended June beginning June 30, 1988,Traditional reported netincome of $ 1.21 a share." \P )

Input: In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million, or $ 1.31 a share, on revenue of $ 44.3 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the latest nine months net income was $ 4.7 million, on revenue of $ 44.3 million." \SEP " In thelatest ninemonths net income were $ 1.31 a share, on Revenue of $44.3 billion." \P )

Input: Separately, the company said it would file a delayed fiscal-year report with the Securities and Exchange Commission within approximately 45 days.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Separately, the company said it would file a delayed fiscal-year report with the Securities Commission within approximately 45 days." \SEP " Separly, the man said it expected file a delay fiscal- year report with The Exchange Commission withinapproximately 45 days. \SEB )

Input: A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system's about $ 3 million purchase price and cancellation of a software license provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Information International said the lawsuit by two units of Morris Communications Corp. seeks restitution of the system's about $ 3 million purchase price provided by the Morris units to Information International for alleged failure to pay royalties." \SEP " A spokesperson for Information international said the suit by two unit of Morris communications Corp. seek cancellation of a software license provided by those Morris unitsto Information Internationalfor alleged failure not pay royalties.� \SEB )

Input: The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp. and Florida Publishing Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The units that filed the suit are Southeastern Newspapers Corp.." \SEP " The units who filed the lawsuit are Florida Publishing Co." \P )

Input: A spokeswoman said Sulka operates a total of seven stores in the U.S. and overseas.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago, largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability.
Prediction: COORDINATION("Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago, largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices." \SEP " Major oil companies within the nextfew days areexpected to report Much less robust Earn than they do for the second quarter ayear ago, generally reflecting deteriorating gasoline profitability." \P )

Input: The gasoline picture may improve this quarter, but chemicals are likely to remain weak, industry executives and analysts say, reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals, Glenn Cox, president of Phillips Petroleum Co., said in an interview.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The industry is seeing a softening somewhat in volume and certainly in price in petrochemicals, Glenn Cox, president of Phillips Petroleum Co., said in an interview." \SEP )

Input: That change will obviously impact third and fourth quarter earnings for the industry in general, he added.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That change will obviously impact third quarter earnings for the industry in general, he added." \SEP " That change Will obviously impact fourth quarter earningsfor the industry as general, his added." )

Input: But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third-quarter earnings.
Prediction: NONE

Input: So, too, many analysts predict, will Exxon Corp., Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So, too, many analysts predict, will Exxon Corp..." \SEP " So, far, many analyst predict,will Chevron Corp.." \EP "So, too, many analysts expect, will Amoco Corp." \P )

Input: Beginning in mid-1987, prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy and the weak dollar spurred demand.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Beginning in mid-1987, prices began accelerating as a growing U.S. economy spurred demand." \SEP " Beginning inmid- 1987, prices begun accelerating as the weak dollar spurred demand. \SEB )

Input: Now, greatly increased supplies are on the market, while the dollar is stronger, and domestic economic growth is slower.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now, greatly increased supplies are on the market, while the dollar is stronger." \SEP " Now, domestic economic growth is slower." \P )

Input: Refining margins were so good in the third quarter of last year and generally not very good this year, said William Randol, a securities analyst at First Boston Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Operating margins were so good in the third quarter of last year, said William Randol, a securities analyst at First Boston Corp." \SEP " Refining margins were generally not very good this year, described William Randoll, a Securities analyst at Second Boston Corp.." \P )

Input: Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July and August that didn't materialize.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Oil company refineries ran flat out to prepare for a robust holiday driving season in July that didn't materialize." \SEP " Oil company refinery ran flatout to prepare to a robust Holiday driving season on August that didn't materialized." \P )

Input: Refiners say margins picked up in September, and many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter, though still not to the level of 1988's fourth quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Refiners say margins picked up in September." \SEP " many industry officials believe gasoline profits will rebound this quarter, though still not to the level of 1988's fourth quarter." \P )

Input: During the 1988 second half, many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During the 1988 second half, many companies posted record gasoline and chemical profits." \SEP )

Input: Demand has been much stronger than anticipated, and it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Demand has been much stronger than anticipated." \SEP " it typically accelerates in the fourth quarter." \P )

Input: Last summer was notable for a heat wave and drought that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last summer was notable for a heat wave that caused utilities to burn more natural gas to feed increased electrical demand from air conditioning use." \SEP " Last summer is notable for an drought that causes utilities to fire more naturalgas to feedIncreased electrical demandfrom air conditioning practice." \P )

Input: Most of the Western European members of Coordinating Committee on Multilateral Export Controls, the unofficial forum through which the U.S. and its allies align their export-control policies, are expected to argue for more liberal export rules at a meeting to be held in Paris Oct. 25 and 26.
Prediction: NONE

Input: They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools, computers and other high-technology products.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They plan to press specifically for a relaxation of rules governing exports of machine tools." \SEP " They Plan to press directly for a relax of rules regulating exports of computers." \P " Their plan to Press specifically for the relaxation ofrules governing exports from other high-technology products." \SP )

Input: But the Bush administration says it wants to see evidence that all Cocom members are complying fully with existing export-control procedures before it will support further liberalization.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A State Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government and Cocom, but declined to confirm any details.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A State Department spokesman declined to confirm any details." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" A state Department spokesman acknowledged that the U.S. is discussing the allegations with the Italian government." \SP " A State department spokesman admitted that the government is discussing what allegations with Cocom." \P ))

Input: Although the legality of these sales is still an open question, the disclosure couldn't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon and the intelligence community.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although the legality of these sales is still an open question, the disclosure couldn't be better timed to support the position of export-control hawks in the Pentagon." \SEP " Although the criminality of these purchases is stillan open question, the disclosure shouldn'tbe better timed for support the positions of export.-control hawKS in the intelligence community." \P )

Input: But more recently, the Pentagon and the Commerce Department openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But more recently, the Pentagon openly feuded over the extent to which Cocom should liberalize exports of personal computers to the bloc." \SEP " But more recent, the Commerce Department openly feuding over the amount to which cocom shouldliberalize exports from personal computersto the bloc. \SEB )

Input: The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each and are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 %.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 50 million warrants will be priced at HK$ 1.25 each." \SEP " They are expected to carry a premium to the share price of about 26 %." \P )

Input: Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares, or options to purchase shares, to cover its entire position.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Salomon will cover the warrants by buying sufficient shares, to cover its entire position." \SEP " Salomon has cover the warrant by buying options to purchase shares,to cover its own position."\SEP )

Input: Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield, high-risk junk bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara filed suit against former stock speculator Ivan F. Boesky, charging they defrauded the thrift by concealing their relationship when persuading it to buy $ 284 million in high-yield, high-risk junk bonds." \SEP " Financial Corp. of Santabara filed suitagainst former stock speculativeulator Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., charging them defrauding the thrifts by conceals their relationship while persuading It to buy about $ 284 billion in high.-yield, high-stakes junk bonds. \SEB )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds, the suit alleged, after Mr. Boesky and Drexel negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. purchased the bonds, the suit alleged, after Mr. Boesky negotiated an agreement for Vagabond Hotels to purchase a 51 % stake in the thrift for about $ 34 million." \SEP " Financial Corp. purchased the documents, the suits alleged, while Drexel negotiated an Agreement for Vagaboond HotELS to purchase an 51 % share in the Thrift for almost $ 34 billion." \P )

Input: Officials at Drexel said they hadn't seen the suit and thus couldn't comment.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Officials at Drexel said they hadn't seen the suit." \SEP " Officials at Lrexel denied they couldn't comment." \P )

Input: Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp. and Northview Corp., the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also named in the suit is Ivan F. Boesky Corp., the successor company to Vagabonds Hotels." \SEP " Also listed in the suits is Northview Corp.., the heir company to vagabonds hotels."\SEP )

Input: Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983 and said Financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. said it agreed to buy the bonds after a representative of Ivan F. Boesky Corp. visited it in November 1983." \SEP " Financial Corp.- said it said financial Corp. could improve its financial condition by purchasing the bonds." \P )

Input: Shortly before the visit, Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials and had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shortly before the visit, Mr. Boesky and Drexel representives had met with Financial Corp. officials." \SEP " Shortly before The visit,Mr. Boeky and drexel representingives had signed a letter of intent to acquire the 51 % stake in the company." \P )

Input: Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 and since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them, the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Financial Corp. purchased the bonds in at least 70 different transactions in 1984 and since then has realized $ 11 million in losses on them, the company said." \SEP )

Input: HOFI, the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd., previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. and its 60 % stake in Dundee Cement Co. with its 67 % stake in Ideal.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" HOFI, the North American holding company of Swiss concern Holderbank Financiere Glaris Ltd., previously proposed combining its 100 % stake in St. Lawrence Cement Inc. with its 67 % stake of Ideal." \SEP " HOFI, the NorthAmerican holding companyof Swiss concern holderbank FinANCiere Glares Ltd., previously proposed combine its 60 % stake to Dundee Cement Co. withIts 67 % stakes in Ideal." )

Input: But HOFI's first offer would have given Ideal's other shareholders about 10 % of the combined company.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement and approval by Ideal shareholders.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The transaction is subject to a definitive agreement." \SEP " The transaction are subject to approval by Ideal shareholders." \P )

Input: While corn and soybean prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988, wheat prices remain stubbornly high.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While corn prices have slumped well below their drought-induced peaks of 1988, wheat prices remain stubbornly high." \SEP " While soybean prices have surged well belowtheir drought- induced peaks of 1928, wheat Prices remain stubbornley high."\SEP )

Input: And they're likely to stay that way for months to come, analysts say.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if rain doesn't fall soon across many of the Great Plains'wheat-growing areas, yields in the crop now being planted could be reduced, further squeezing supplies.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In response to dwindling domestic supplies, Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In response to dwindling domestic supplies, Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter last month said the U.S. government would slightly increase the number of acres farmers can plant in wheat for next year and still qualify for federal support payments." \SEP )

Input: It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels, compared with this year's estimated 2.04 billion and a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1988.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It now estimates production for next year at just under 2.6 billion bushels, compared with this year's estimated 2.04 billion in 1988." \SEP " It now forecasts production for tomorrow year atjust under 2.6 billion oilhels, compared with a drought-stunted 1.81 billion in 1989." \P )

Input: But the full effect on prices of the winter wheat now being planted won't be felt until the second half of next year.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The exchange said it feared that some members wouldn't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver and would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate, which had refused requests to reduce its holdings.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The exchange said it feared that some members wouldn't be able to find enough soybeans to deliver." \SEP " The exchange denied that they would have to default on their contractual obligation to the Italian conglomerate, which had refused requests to reduce its holdings." \P )

Input: Unseasonably hot, dry weather across large portions of the Great Plains and in wheat-growing areas in Washington and Oregon is threatening to reduce the yield from this season's winter wheat crop, said Conrad Leslie, a futures analyst and head of Leslie Analytical in Chicago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: For example, in the Oklahoma panhandle, 40 % or more of the topsoil is short of moisture.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union hasn't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans, but many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months, further supporting prices.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Soviet Union hasn't given any clear indication of its wheat purchase plans." \SEP " many analysts expect Moscow to place sizable orders for U.S. wheat in the next few months, further supporting prices." \P )

Input: Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long and how far the price decline that began Friday will go.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Orange Juice Traders will be watching to see how long the price decline that began Friday will go." \SEP " Orange juice Traders Will be watchingto see how far the price collapse that begun Friday will come." \P )

Input: However, as expected, Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out and then cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $ 1.55.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However, as expected, Brazil waited for the crop estimate to come out." \SEP " However, according to the government, Brazil cut the export price of its juice concentrate to about $ 1.34 a pound from around $1.55." \P )

Input: Friday's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had and sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friday's consequent selling of futures contracts erased whatever supportive effect the U.S. report might have had." \SEP " Thursday's inadvertent sellingof futures contracts sent the November orange juice contract down as much as 6.55 cents a pound at one time." \P )

Input: It's a dollar-priced product, and the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe, the analyst said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It's a dollar-priced product he said." \SEP " the strong dollar has made it more expensive in Europe, the analyst said."\SEP )

Input: Barring a cold snap or other crop problems in the growing areas, downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January, when harvesting and processing of oranges in Florida reach their peak, the analyst said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Barring a cold snap in the growing areas, downward pressure on prices is likely to continue into January, when harvesting of oranges in Florida reach their peak, the analyst said." \SEP " Barring the cold snaps in thegrowing areas, upward pressure on price is likely will continue intoJanuary, when processing of oranges from Florida reach its peak,The analyst said. \SEB " Barrings other crop problems in the developing areas, downwards pressure on costs is likely only continue into February, when harvest of oranges on Florida reachtheir peak, The analyst said.� \SEp " Barbing other crop disturbances in theGrowing areas, upwards pressure on temperatures is likelyto continue into December, whenprocessing of oranges to Florida reach Their peak, he said." )

Input: Friday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures and spot markets.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thursday capped a week of steadily rising crude oil prices in both futures markets." \SEP " Friday capped a Week of steadily increasing crude oil price in both spot markets."\SEP )

Input: He predicted that the November contract will reach $ 21.50 a barrel or more on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Analysts generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels and crudes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Investors generally cite a lack of bearish developments as well as rumors of a possible tightening of supplies of some fuels." \SEP " Analysts generally cite the lack of Bearish developmentsas well as accusations of a tightening of supply of some crudes." \SP )

Input: There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit and can't produce as much as it could sell.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There also are recurring reports that the Soviet Union is having difficulties with its oil exports and that Nigeria has about reached its production limit." \SEP " There also were recurring reports of the Soviet union is having difficulty with its economic exports and to that Nigeria can't produce as much as it could sell." \P )

Input: Many traders foresee a tightening of near-term supplies, particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea and in Nigeria.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many traders foresee a tightening of near-term supplies, particularly of high-quality crudes such as those produced in the North Sea." \SEP " Many traders anticipate a tighteningof near-time supplies, especially of high‑quality crude such asthose produced in Nigeria." \P )

Input: If a hostile predator emerges for Saatchi & Saatchi Co., co-founders Charles and Maurice Saatchi will lead a management buy-out attempt, an official close to the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If a hostile predator emerges forSaatchi & Saatchi Co., co-founders Charles Saatchis will lead a management buy-out attempt, an official close to the company said." \SEP " If a stranger predator emerges from Saatchti & Saatchesi Co., co.-founders Maurice SaatchI will leada management buy.-out attempt, an officialclose to the companies said." )

Input: Financing for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday's stock-market sell-off in New York and turmoil in the junk-bond market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Finance for any takeover attempt may be problematic in the wake of Friday's stock-market sell-off in New York." \SEP " Financing for any acquisition attempt maybe problematic in terms of turmoil in the junk-bond market." \P )

Input: But the beleaguered British advertising and consulting giant, which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi, has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the beleaguered British advertising giant, which last week named a new chief executive officer to replace Maurice Saatchi, has been the subject of intense takeover speculation for weeks." \SEP " But the Beleaguered European consulting giant, who last week appointed a new president officer to replaced Maurice Saatchesi,has been the site of intense acquisition speculation for week." \P )

Input: Last week, Saatchi's largest shareholder, Southeastern Asset Management, said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last week, Saatchi's largest shareholder, Southeastern Asset Management, said it had been approached by one or more third parties interested in a possible restructuring." \SEP )

Input: And Carl Spielvogel, chief executive officer of Saatchi's big Backer Spielvogel Bates advertising unit, said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company, but was rebuffed by Charles Saatchi.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And Carl Spielvogel, chief executive officer of Saatchi's big Backer Spielvogoel Bates advertising unit, said he had offered to lead a management buy-out of the company." \SEP " And Carl Silvogelo, chief financial officer ofSaatchi "s big backer Spielvoogel Batesadvertising unit, was rebuffed by Charles Saatchiti." \P )

Input: The executive close to Saatchi & Saatchi said that if a bidder came up with a ludicrously high offer, a crazy offer which Saatchi knew it couldn't beat, it would have no choice but to recommend it to shareholders.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But -LCB- otherwise -RCB- it would undoubtedly come back with an offer by management.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive said any buy-out would be led by the current board, whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi and whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles Saatchi.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive said any buy-out would be led by the current board, whose chairman is Maurice Saatchi." \SEP " The executive announced any buy.-out wouldbe led by The current board, whose strategic guiding force is believed to be Charles SaatchI." \P )

Input: Mr. Spielvogel isn't part of the board, nor are any of the other heads of Saatchi's big U.S.-based ad agencies.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The executive didn't name any price, but securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executive didn't name any price." \SEP " securities analysts have said Saatchi would fetch upward of $ 1.3 billion." \P )

Input: That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive, Robert Louis-Dreyfus, who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That speculation abounded Friday as industry executives analyzed the appointment of the new chief executive, Robert Louis-Dreyfus, who joins Saatchi and becomes a member of its board on Jan. 1." \SEP )

Input: Mr. Louis-Dreyfus, formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc., has a reputation as a savvy financial manager, and will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi's poor financial state.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Louis-Dreyfus, formerly chief executive of the pharmaceutical research firm IMS International Inc., has a reputation as a savvy financial manager." \SEP " Mr. Charles-dreyfas, formerly chairman of IMS international Inc. will be charged largely with repairing Saatchi's poor financial state." \P )

Input: It hasn't had any impact on us, nor do we expect it to, said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co., a major client of Backer Spielvogel.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Spielvogel had said that Prudential-Bache was prepared to finance either a management buy-out and restructuring, or a buy-out of Backer Spielvogel alone, led by him.
Prediction: NONE

Input: As expected, Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee, pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven, Conn., to conspiracy and racketeering charges.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As expected, Young & Rubicam Inc. along with two senior executives and a former employee, pleaded not guilty in federal court in New Haven, Conn., to conspiracy charges." \SEP " Asexpected, Young& RubicAM Inc. together with two former executives and two former employee, pleaded not Guilty in federal Court in Newaven, Conn., to racketeering charges."\SEP )

Input: A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case, Eric Anthony Abrahams, former Jamaican tourism minister, and Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office said extradition proceedings are just beginning for the other two defendants in the case, Eric Anthony Abrahams, former Jamaican tourism minister." \SEP " A spokesman from the FBI's Office said extradition processes are just begun for the remaining two defendants on the case, Jamaican businessman Arnold Foote Jr." \P )

Input: The Samsung Group and Bozell Inc. agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Samsung Group agreed to establish a joint venture advertising agency in South Korea." \SEP " Bozell Inc. agreed to established a joint joint ventureadvertising agency inSouth Korea."\SEP )

Input: Bozell Cheil Corp., as the new agency will be called, will be based in Seoul and is 70 % owned by Samsung and 30 % owned by Bozell.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bozell Cheil Corp., as the new agency will be called, will be based in Seoul." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" it is 70 % owned by Samsung." \P " it is 30 %owned by Bozell." \SP ))

Input: Bozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates and Ogilvy Group as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Boozell joins Backer Spielvogel Bates as U.S. agencies with interests in Korean agencies." \SEP " Bozell joins Ogilvy Group as U.-S. agency with interests for Korean agencies. \SEB )

Input: Citing a payment from a supplier and strong sales of certain data-storage products, Maxtor Corp. said earnings and revenue jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Citing a payment from a supplier, Maxtor Corp. said earnings jumped in its second quarter ended Sept. 24." \SEP " Citing the payment from the supplier,Maxtor Inc. said revenue jumped in Its second quarter ending Sept.24." \NONE

Input: The maker of computer-data-storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million, or 23 cents a share, from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million, or five cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The maker of computer-data-storage products said net income rose to $ 4.8 million, from year-earlier net of $ 1.1 million and five cents a share." \SEP " The makerof computer- data-storage services said net incomes rose to 23 cents a shares, fromyear-earliest net of$ 1.2 million and seven cents a shared." \P )

Input: Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maxtor said effects from discontinuing the line may have a positive effect on future earnings and revenue." \SEP )

Input: A spokeswoman wouldn't elaborate, but the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue or profit.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokeswoman wouldn't elaborate." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" the company said the discontinued product has never been a major source of revenue." \P " the company says the discontinued products hasnever been amajor source of profit." \SP ))

Input: Operationally, Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers and computer workstations.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Operatingationally, Maxtor benefited from robust sales of products that store data for high-end personal computers." \SEP " Operatingationally, Maxtors benefited from intensive sales of product that Store data for computer workstations." \P )

Input: In the fiscal first half, net was $ 7 million, or 34 cents a share, up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million, or 15 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the fiscal first half, net was $ 7 million, or 34 cents a share, up from the year-earlier $ 3.1 million." \SEP " In the Fiscal firstHalf, net, $ seven million, and 34 cents to share,up from 15 centsa share." \SP )

Input: Robert G. Walden, 62 years old, was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems and services, increasing the board to eight members.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert G. Walden, 62 years old, was elected a director of this provider of advanced technology systems, increasing the board to eight members." \SEP " Robert G. Walden, 62 yearsold, waselected a directorof this provider for advanced technology services, increasingThe board toeight members." )

Input: He retired as senior vice president, finance and administration, and chief financial officer of the company Oct. 1.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He retired as chief financial officer of the company Oct. 1." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" He retire as senior vice president, finance." \P " He retired As senior vicepresident, administration." \SP ))

Input: Southmark Corp. said that it filed part of its 10-K report with the Securities and Exchange Commission, but that the filing doesn't include its audited financial statements and related information.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The real estate and thrift concern, operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings, said it told the SEC it couldn't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate concern, operating under bankruptcy-law proceedings, said it told the SEC it couldn't provide financial statements by the end of its first extension without unreasonable burden or expense." \SEP " The thrift concern, Operating under bankruptcy-(law proceedings, said it tell the SEC they could n' provide financial statement by the beginning of its second extension without reasonable burden or expenses." \P )

Input: Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president and chief financial officer of McKesson and will continue in those roles.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Seelenfreund is executive vice president of McKesson." \SEP " Mr. SeelENfreund will continue in those roles."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Mr.-Seelen Freund is the chief financial officer of McK.." \SP ))

Input: Messrs. Malson and Seelenfreund are directors of McKesson, which has an 86 % stake in PCS.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Messrs. Malson are directors of McKesson, which has an 86 % stake in PCS." \SEP " Messrs. Seelenfreund are directorsof McKesson, which hasan 86 % ownership in PCs." \P )

Input: In its lawsuit, Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages and a preliminary injunction to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its lawsuit, Pharmacia is seeking unspecified damages to block MedChem from selling the AMVISC products." \SEP " In its suit, Pharmacias is seeking a preliminary injunction to block MEDChem from sold the AM VISC products. \SEB )

Input: A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem's sales and 10 % to 20 % of its earnings.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A MedChem spokesman said the products contribute about a third of MedChem's sales and 10 % to 20 % of its earnings." \SEP )

Input: In the year ended Aug. 31, 1988, MedChem earned $ 2.9 million, or 72 cents a share, on sales of $ 17.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year ended Aug. 31, 1988, MedChem earned $ 2.9 million, on sales of $ 17.4 million." \SEP " In this year endedAug. 31, 1988, MEDChem earned 72 cents a share, onSales of $ 19.4 billion." \P )

Input: MedChem said the court's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial in the patent-infringement proceedings and concerns only one of its defenses in the case.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MEDChem said the court's ruling was issued as part of a first-phase trial in the patent-infringement proceedings." \SEP " MedChem said it concerns only one of its defenses in the case." \P )

Input: Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results, aided by favorable newsprint prices and hampered by flat or declining advertising linage, especially in the Northeast.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Newspaper publishers are reporting mixed third-quarter results, aided by favorable newsprint prices." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Newspapers publishers are experiencing mixedthird-quarterresults, hampered by flat advertising linage, especially in the Northeast." \SP " Newspaper publisher are reporting Mixed third- quarter results, hindered by declining advertising linages, especially on the Northeast.� \SEB ))

Input: Adding to unsteadiness in the industry, seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership and general hardships within the retail industry.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Adding to unsteadiness in the industry, seasonal retail ad spending patterns in newspapers have been upset by shifts in ownership within the retail industry." \SEP " Adding to esteadiness on the industry, seasonal retail advertising spending patterns of newspapers have be upset by general hardships within the consumer industry." )

Input: In New York, the Bonwit Teller and B. Altman & Co. department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code, while the R.H. Macy & Co., Bloomingdale's and Saks Fifth Avenue department-store chains are for sale.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In New York, the Bonwit Teller department stores have filed for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code, while the R.H. Macy & Co. department-store chains are for sale." \SEP " In New NY, theBonwit Tell department stores has filed forprotection from creditors in Chapter 11of the federal Courtruptcy code, while other Bloomingdale's department-Store chains arefor sale."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" In new York, B. Altman & Co. department stores are filed for Protection from creditors Under Chapter 11 Of the federal Bruptcy Procedure, while those R. H. Macy& Co. departments are for sales." \Surname Department stores are filing for protectionfrom creditors under Chapters 11 of that federal Bank bankruptcy Code, while the Bloomingdale saids department ofstore chains were for sale. \SEPs " In new NY, b. Altmann & Co.– Co. Department stores have filings for protection against creditors underChapter 11 of what federal Bank bankruptcy Code, While the Saks Fifth Avenue department- store chains areFor sale."}\SEP ))

Input: Until recently, industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out and would in fact increase in this year's third and fourth quarters.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently, industry analysts believed decreases in retail ad spending had bottomed out." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Until recent, industry executives believed decreases from retail ad spend would in fact increase in this year's third quarters." \P " Until recently, industry analysts predicted decreases in consumer ad spending would infact increase in the year 'S fourth quarters."\SEP ))

Input: Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage, but the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run, said Edward J. Atorino, industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Improved paper prices will help offset weakness in linage, said Edward J. Atorino, industry analyst for Salomon Brothers Inc." \SEP " the retailers'problems have affected the amount of ad linage they usually run, saidEdward J.Atorino, industry analyst with Salomon Bros Inc." )

Input: For instance, Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income, as total ad pages dropped at USA Today, but advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base and increased rates.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance, Gannett Co. posted an 11 % gain in net income, as total ad pages dropped at USA Today." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" advertising revenue rose because of a higher circulation rate base." \P " advertising revenuerose because of increased rates." \SP ))

Input: Gannett's 83 daily and 35 non-daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gannett's 83 daily newspapers reported a 3 % increase in advertising and circulation revenue." \SEP " Gannetta's 35 non-daily newspapers reporteda 3 % Increase in advertising or circulation revenue. \SEB )

Input: Total advertising linage was modestly lower as classified-ad volume increased, while there was softer demand for retail and national ad linage, said John Curley, Gannett's chief executive officer.
Prediction: NONE

Input: While USA Today's total paid ad pages for the year to date totaled 2,735, a decrease of 4 % from last year, the paper's ad revenue increased 8 % in the quarter and 13 % in the nine months.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the nine months, Gannett's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million, or $ 1.68 a share, from $ 247 million, or $ 1.52 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the nine months, Gannett's net rose 9.5 % to $ 270 million, from $ 247 million a year." \SEP " In the 9 months, Fannett.s net risen 9.7 % to U 270 million, from $ 1.52 a share." \EP " For the ninemonth, G Mannett ''s net rose nine.5% to $ 1,68 a share, from U 247 million." \eP " During the nine month, Garnett 'S net rose9.5%% to $ one.68 a shares, from Mr 1.51 a share. \SEB )

Input: Net fell to $ 28.8 million, or 29 cents a share, from $ 32 million, or 33 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Net fell to $ 28.8 million, from $ 32 million a year." \SEP " Net fell To $ 30.8million, from 33 cents a share." \SP "Net fell to 29 centsa share, from Texas million a share. Net fellto 29 cents a shares, from 32 milliona share."\SEP'Net fell into 29 cents to share,from 33 cents the share." )

Input: The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million, or four cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The year-earlier period included a one-time gain of $ 3.5 million compared with four cents a share." \SEP " The year‑earlier time included a One-time gains of four cents to share." )

Input: The drop in profit reflected, in part, continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron's magazine.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The decline in profit reflected, in part, continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal." \SEP " The drop in profit mirrored, in parts, continuedsoftness infinancial advertising at Barron's magazine." \P )

Input: The publisher of the Boston Globe reported net of $ 8.5 million, or 12 cents a share, compared with a loss of $ 26.5 million, or 38 cents a share, for the third quarter in 1988.
Prediction: NONE

Input: William O. Taylor, the parent's chairman and chief executive officer, said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" William O. Taylor, the parent's chairman, said earnings continued to be hurt by softness in ad volume at the Boston newspaper." \SEP " William O. Taylor, who the owner's chief executive officer, said Earn continued tobe hurt bysoftness in advertising volume atThe Boston newspaper. \SEB )

Input: Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co.'s earnings were down for the third quarter, because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday and Hartford Courant newspapers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Atorino at Salomon Brothers said he estimates that Times Mirror Co.'s earnings were down for the third quarter, because of soft advertising levels at its Long Island Newsday newspapers." \SEP " Mr. atorino on Salomon Bros said he expects that Times mirror Co. $s Earnings were downfor the thirdquarter, becauseof soft advertising rates at its Hartford Courant newspapers."\SEP )

Input: New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York Times and deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate, Forest Products Group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" New York Times Co. is expected to report lower earnings for the third quarter because of continued weak advertising levels at its flagship New York newspaper." \SEP " New York times Co. are expected toreport lower earningsfor the thirdquarter because of deep discounting of newsprint at its affiliate, Forest Products Group." \P )

Input: Times Co.'s regional daily newspapers are holding up well, but there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market, said Alan Kassan, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Times Co.'s regional daily newspapers are holding up well, said Alan Kassan, an analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton." \SEP " there is little sign that things will improve in the New York market, saidAlan Kassan, an Analyst with She Carson LehmanHutton." )

Input: Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings, largely because of increased cable revenue and publishing revenue helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Washington Post Co. is expected to report improved earnings, largely because of increased cable revenue, helped by an improved retail market in the Washington area." \SEP " Washington Post Company. isexpected to report improvement earnings, mostly because of increasing publishing revenue helped byan improved retail world in theWashington area."\SEP )

Input: The news-weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine and a relatively flat magazine advertising market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The news-weekly has faced heightened competition from rival Time magazine." \SEP " The news.-weekly has been faced with a relatively flat magazine advertising market." \P )

Input: Knight-Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett's Detroit News, and has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Knight-Ridder Inc. is faced with continued uncertainty over the pending joint operating agreement between its Detroit Free Press and Gannett's Detroit News." \SEP " Knight-ridder INC. has told analysts that earnings were down in the third quarter." \P )

Input: However, analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers, such as the Miami Herald and San Jose Mercury News.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" However, analysts point to positive advertising spending at several of its major daily newspapers, such as the Miami Herald." \SEP " However, researchers point topositive advertising spending on several of Its major daily papers, suchas San Jose Mercury News." \P )

Input: The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight-Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition and circulation was falling, said Bruce Thorp, an analyst for Provident National Bank.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Miami market is coming back strong after a tough couple of years when Knight-Ridder was starting up a Hispanic edition, said Bruce Thorp, an analyst for Provident National Bank." \SEP " The Miami marketplace is coming Back strong after that tough coupleof years when circulation was falling, saidBruce Thorp, an analyst at Provident national Bank." )

Input: General Motors Corp., in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S. and Canada, has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" General Motors Corp., in a series of moves that angered union officials in the U.S., has signaled that as many as five North American assembly plants may not survive the mid-1990s as the corporation struggles to cut its excess vehicle-making capacity." \SEP " General Motors Corporation., among a seriesof moves that outraged union officials on Canada, has signaling that as few as fiveNorth American assembly plant may not survived the mid.-1990sas the corporation wants to cut itself excess vehicle.-making capacity. \SEB )

Input: In announcements to workers late last week, GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants, and cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In announcements to workers late last week, GM effectively signed death notices for two full-sized van assembly plants." \SEP " In announcementsto workers late yesterday, GM cast serious doubt on the futures of three U.S. car factories." \P )

Input: GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity and the work force in place before those talks begin.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM officials want to get their strategy to reduce capacity in place before those talks begin." \SEP " GM officials wants to get Their strategy to reducing the work force in place Before those talks begins." \P )

Input: The auto maker's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns and product reassignments trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability or unwillingness to provide consistent information, Mr. Yokich said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The auto maker's decision to let word of the latest shutdowns trickle out in separate communiques to the affected plants showed disarray and an inability to provide consistent information, Mr. Yokich said." \SEP " The auto manufacturer's announcement to let news of the recent shutdowns flow out in separately communiquesto the affected plant showed dis array and an unwillingness to provide consistently information,Mr. YokICH said."\SEP'The auto company's business to let sound of the current product reassignments trickle Out in separate Communiques to those affected plants showing disarray or an inability of providing consistent information, Mr. Yusich said. \SEPs " The automobile maker 'S decision to letting word of this latest product reassigningments trickle out of separate communicas to theaffected plants showed dissarray and An unwillingness to provided consistent information to Mr. Yokich expressed." \P )

Input: That means two plants -- one in Scarborough, Ontario, and the other in Lordstown, Ohio -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That means two plants -- one in Scarborough, Ontario, -- probably will be shut down after the end of 1991." \SEP " That means Two plants -- the other in Lordstown, Ohio -- likely will be closed down after that end of1991." \P )

Input: The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers and about 2,500 workers in Ohio.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The shutdowns will idle about 3,000 Canadian assembly workers in Ohio." \SEP " The shutdowngs will idle at least 2,500 workers inOhio." \P )

Input: Robert White, Canadian Auto Workers union president, used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement and its champion, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert White, Canadian Auto Workers union president, used the impending Scarborough shutdown to criticize the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement." \SEP " Robert White, Canadian Auto workers union president, used the imminent Scarborough shutdownto criticize its champion, Prime Minister Brian Mulroney." \P )

Input: But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Canadian auto workers may benefit from a separate GM move that affects three U.S. car plants and one in Quebec." \SEP )

Input: Workers at plants in Van Nuys, Calif., Oklahoma City and Pontiac, Mich., were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird and Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Workers at plants in Van Nuys, Calif., were told their facilities are no longer being considered to build the next generation of the Pontiac Firebird muscle cars." \SEP " Workers at plant in Vannuys, California., employees were told they facilities are now longer being consider to build development of the Chevrolet Camaro muscle cars. \SEB " Workers on plants in Oklahoma City were toldTheir facilities are still being considered for build the new generation of these Pontiac firebirds muscle cars to the ChevroletCamaro luxury cars."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Workers from plants in Pontiac, Mich., are told their operations are no now being consideredto build the current generation of new generations of thePontiac firebird muscle car." \SP ))

Input: GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese, Quebec, company and union officials said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" GM is studying whether it can build the new Camaro-Firebird profitably at a plant in St. Therese, Quebec, company officials said." \SEP " General is studying if it can Build the newCamaro- Firebird profitability at a factory in St. Therese, Quebec, union officials said. )

Input: That announcement left union officials in Van Nuys and Oklahoma City uncertain about their futures.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Those announcement left union officials in Van Nuys uncertain about their futures." \SEP " That announcement left Union officials in Oklahoma City uncertain abouttheir futures."\SEP )

Input: At the Oklahoma City plant, which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight-year-old A-body mid-sized cars, Steve Featherston, UAW local vice president, said the plant has no new product lined up, and none of us knows when the A-body cars will die.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the Oklahoma City plant, which employs about 6,000 workers building the eight-year-old A-body mid-sized cars, Steve Featherston, UAW local vice president, said the plant has no new product lined up." \SEP " At the Ok City plant, which employs almost 6,00 workers building that eight-month-old An-body Mid-sized car, Steve Feston, UnitedAW local Vice president, told none of us knows when the A-we cars will die." \P )

Input: Merieux said the government's minister of industry, science and technology told it that he wasn't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Merieux said the government's minister of industry told it that he wasn't convinced that the purchase is likely to be of net benefit to Canada." \SEP " Merieau said the minister's Minister of science told it That he was no't convincedThat the purchase was likely tobe of net benefits to Canada. \SEPs " Merlieux said his minister of technology told itThat he weren't persuaded that the purchased is likely will be of Net benefit toCanada." \P )

Input: Both Merieux and Connaught are biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concerns.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both Merieux are biotechnology research concerns." \SEP " Both Merkieux are vaccine manufacturing concerns."\SEP'Both Connaught are biotech research concerns. \SEPs " Both Connection are vaccine manufacturers concerns."SEP )

Input: He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns, but eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said it has reached the same conclusions about some attempts to buy closely held concerns." \SEP " He says it has eventually allowed those acquisitions to proceed." )

Input: This isn't a change in government policy ; this provision has been used before, said Jodi Redmond, press secretary for Harvie Andre, Canada's minister of industry, science and technology.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Spokesmen for Merieux and Connaught said they hadn't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government or Investment Canada, but added they hope to have more information early this week.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Spokesmen for Merieux said they weren't been informed of specific areas of concern by either the government." \SEP " Spokesman for Merkieux said it added they hope to have more information early this week."\SEP'Spokemen for Connaught said they hadn't be informed of certain areas of interest by either Investment Canada." \P "Spokesmen at Connaught added they hoped to have some information early these week." \SP )

Input: This has become a very politicized deal, concerning Canada's only large, world-class bio-research or pharmaceutical company, Mr. Mehta said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has become a very politicized deal, concerning Canada's only large, world-class bio-research company, Mr. Mehta said." \SEP " This has now become a much politicized deals, concerningCanada's own large, World-class pharmaceutical company,Mr. Meinta said. \SEB )

Input: While neither side will disclose its contents, Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research and development spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While neither side will disclose its contents, Mr. Mehta expects it to contain more specific guarantees on research spending levels in Canada than Merieux offered to Investment Canada." \SEP " Although neither side has disclose its content, Mr. Mehton expects itto contain more Specific guarantees on development spending levels of Canada than merieux offering to InvestmentCanada." \P )

Input: Some analysts, such as Murray Grossner of Toronto-based Richardson Greenshields Inc., believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders, such as Switzerland's Ciba-Geigy and Chiron Corp. of Emeryville, Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Some analysts, such as Murray Grossner of Toronto-based Richardson Greenshields Inc., believe the government ruling leaves the door open for other bidders, suchas Switzerland's Ciba-Geigy." \SEP " Some analysts, such asMurray Grossnerof Toronto- based Richardson Greenshhields INC., believes the government decision leaves the doors open for others biddgers, suchAs Chiron Corp. of Emeryville, Calif." \P )

Input: Weatherford International Inc. said it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap but may resume payment of dividends on the stock, and added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weatherford International Inc. added that it expects to publicly offer about 10 million common shares." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Weatherwood International Inc.- said it canceled plans for a preferred-stock swap." \P " Weatherford international Inc. said it may resume payment of dividends on the stock." \SP ))

Input: Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985 and said it hasn't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million, but will do so some time in the future.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Weatherford suspended its preferred-dividend payment in October 1985." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" weatherford said it hasn't any plans to catch up on dividends in arrears about $ 6 million." \P " Weatherford announced it will do so some time in the future." \SP ))

Input: Additionally, the company said it filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock, expected to be offered in November.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Furthermore, the company said it filed with the Securities Commission for the proposed offering of 10 million shares of common stock, expected to be offered in November." \SEP " Additionally, the man said it lodged with the Exchange Commission for for the threatened offering of10 million shares with common stock, expected tobe offered inNovember." \P )

Input: The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. and Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc., underwriters for the offering, were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said Salomon Brothers Inc. were granted an option to buy as much as an additional 1.5 million shares to cover over-allotments." \SEP " The company told Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc., underwriters for the offering, were grantedan option to buying as much than an additional one.5 billion shares to covering over- allotments. \SEB )

Input: Proceeds will be used to eliminate and restructure bank debt.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Proceeds will be used to eliminate bank debt." \SEP " Proceeds won't be used for restructure bank debts." \P )

Input: Analysts said that Merck & Co., Eli Lilly & Co., Warner-Lambert Co. and the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new, higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts said that Merck & Co. all benefited from strong sales of relatively new, higher-priced medicines that provide wide profit margins." \SEP " Analysts expressed that Eli Lilly & Co.- all benefited with strong salesof relatively new, higher- priced medicines that provided wide profitmargin." \EP "Analysts said That Warner-Lambert Co.all benefited from sales of fairly new,higher-priced medicine that provide widespread profit margins. \SEp " Analysters said that the Squibb Corp. unit of Bristol-Myers Squibbs Co. All benefited fromStrong sales of comparatively new,Higher-priced drugs that provide broad profit margins. \SEB )

Input: Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. and Upjohn Co. were attributed to those companies'older products, many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs and other medicines.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Less robust earnings at Pfizer Inc. were attributed to those companies'older products, many of which face stiffening competition from generic drugs." \SEP " Less robust Earnings at Pfizers Inc. reported attributed to these companies'oldest products,Many of which faces stiffening Competition from other medicines." \SP " More robust earnings from Upjohn Co. were attribut to those company'older companies, manyof which face hardening competitionfrom generic drugs. \SEp " Less resilient earnings at Upjohn co. were blamed to those Companies'older people, many Of which face strongening competition with other medicines. \P )

Input: Joseph Riccardo, an analyst with Bear, Stearns & Co., said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses and instituted other cost savings, such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Joseph Riccardo, an analyst with Bear, Stearns & Co., said that over the past few years most drug makers have shed their slow-growing businesses and instituted other cost savings, such as consolidating manufacturing plants and administrative staffs." \SEP )

Input: Analysts said profit for the dozen or so big drug makers, as a group, is estimated to have climbed between 11 % and 14 %.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 %, propelled by sales of its line-up of fast-growing prescription drugs, including its anti-cholesterol drug, Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine, Vasotec ; Primaxin, an antibiotic, and Pepcid, an anti-ulcer medication.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Sweig estimated that Merck's profit for the quarter rose by about 22 %, propelled by sales of its line-up of fast-growing prescription drugs, including its anti-cholesterol drug, Mevacor ; a high blood pressure medicine, Vasotec ; Primaxin, an antibiotic ; and Pepcid, an anti-ulcer medication." \SEP )

Input: In the third quarter of 1988, Merck earned $ 311.8 million, or 79 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter of 1988, Merck earned $ 311.8 million." \SEP " In the three quarter of1988, Mercks earned 79 cents a share." \P )

Input: In last year's third quarter, Lilly earned $ 171.4 million, or $ 1.20 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In last year's third quarter, Lilly earned $ 171.4 million to $ 1.20 a share." \SEP )

Input: Several analysts said they expected Warner-Lambert's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million, or $ 1.25 a share, it reported in the like period last year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Several analysts said they expected Warner-Lambert's profit also to increase by more than 20 % from $ 87.7 million to $ 1.25 a share, it reported in the like period last year." \SEP " Several analysts expressed they expected it expected Warner.-Lamber's Profit also to rise by more over 20 % at $ 87.7 million, it announced in thelike period lastyear." \EP " Many analysts said They expected Warner‑Lampert's payment also to up by more more than 80 % from about $ 1,25 a shares, itreported in the unlike period last years." \ )

Input: The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company is praised by analysts for sharply lowering its costs in recent years and shedding numerous companies with low profit margins." \SEP )

Input: Squibb's profit, estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million, or $ 1.25 a share, it earned in the third quarter of 1988, was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Squibb's profit, estimated by analysts to be about 18 % above the $ 123 million, it earned in the third quarter of 1988, was the result of especially strong sales of its Capoten drug for treating high blood pressure and other heart disease." \SEP " Squibbe's Profit, estimated from analysts tobe about 18%% above the U 1.25 a share, it earn in the second quarter of 1989, was was the reason of especially strongly sales of Its Capotens drug for treatment high bloodpressure and other cardiovascular disease." ) \SEB )

Input: Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering-Plough Corp.'s expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 %, and Bristol-Meyers's expected profit increase of about 13 % are largely because those companies are really managed well.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Riccardo of Bear Stearns said that Schering-Plough Corp.'s expected profit rise of about 18 % to 20 % are largely because those companies are really managed well." \SEP " Mr. Roccardoof Bear StEarns said That Bristol-Meyers's planned profit increase of about 13 % are completely because those firms are reallymanaged well."\SEP )

Input: ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million, or 84 cents a share, while Bristol-Myers earned $ 232.3 million, or 81 cents a share, in the like period a year earlier.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ScheringPlough earned $ 94.4 million, while Bristol-Myers earned $ 232.3 million, in the like period a year earlier." \SEP " Scheringplough earned U 94.1 million, While Bristol-myers earned 81 cents a share, in a like perioda year earlier." Schering Plough earned 84 cents a shares, while Tennessee-Mygers earned $ 231.3 billion, in in thelike period a day earlier."\SEP'Schering plough earned 83 cents a stock, while Monsanto-Myer earned 81 dollars a share, in the unlike period a month earlier."

Input: Sales of Pfizer's important drugs, Feldene for treating arthritis, and Procardia, a heart medicine, have shrunk because of increased competition.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of Pfizer's important drugs, Feldene for treating arthritis, have shrunk because of increased competition." \SEP "Sales of Pfizers's Important drugs, Procardia, a heart medicine, have shrink because ofIncreased competition."\SEP )

Input: In the third quarter last year, Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million, or $ 1.29 a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the third quarter last year, Pfizer earned $ 216.8 million compared with $ 1.29 a share." \SEP " In the three quarter lastyear, Pfiser earned $ 1,29 a Share." \P )

Input: Analysts said they expected Upjohn's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million, or 49 cents a share, it earned a year ago.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts said they expected Upjohn's profit to be flat or rise by only about 2 % to 4 % as compared with $ 89.6 million, it earned a year ago." \SEP " AnalystsSaid they expected UPjohn ''s profit tobe flat or rose by only About 2 %to 4 %as compared with 49 cents a share, it earn a year yesterday." \P )

Input: Upjohn's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax, a tranquilizer, and Halcion, a sedative.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" UPjohn's biggest-selling drugs are Xanax, a tranquilizer." \SEP " Upjohn ''s biggest- selling drugs are Halcion, a sedative." \P )

Input: Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines and adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sales of both drugs have been hurt by new state laws restricting the prescriptions of certain tranquilizing medicines." \SEP " Sales of either drugs have be hurt by adverse publicity about the excessive use of the drugs." \P )

Input: Also, the company's hair-growing drug, Rogaine, is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year, but the company's profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn's expensive print and television campaigns for advertising, analysts said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also, the company's hair-growing drug, Rogaine, is selling well -- at about $ 125 million for the year, analysts said." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" the company-s profit from the drug has been reduced by Upjohn's expensive print campaigns for advertising, analysts noted." \P " the company -s profitfrom the drug have been reduced from Upjohn "s expensive television campaigns for Advertising, analysts announced." \ \SEB ))

Input: Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million, or 12 cents a share, in the year-earlier period.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Relational Technology reported net income of $ 1.5 million, in the year-earlier period." \SEP " Relational Technologies reported netincome of 12 cents a share, inthe year-Earlier period. \SEB )

Input: While our international operations showed strong growth, our domestic business was substantially below expectations, said Paul Newton, president and chief executive officer.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While our international operations showed strong growth, our domestic business was substantially below expectations, said Paul Newton, president of the international operations." \SEP " While ourinternational operations showed Strong growth, its domestic business were substantially below expectation, saidPaul Newton, chief executive officer." \P )

Input: A spokesman said the company's first quarter is historically soft, and computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman said the company's first quarter is historically soft." \SEP "A spokesman said computer companies in general are experiencing slower sales." \P )

Input: Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson, vice president of corporate sales, and that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Newton said he accepted the resignation of Thomas Wilson, vice president of corporate sales,." \SEP " Mr. Newton said that his marketing responsibilities have been reassigned." \P )

Input: In the previous quarter, the company earned $ 4.5 million, or 37 cents a share, on sales of $ 47.2 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the previous quarter, the company earned $ 4.5 million, on sales of $ 47.2 million." \SEP " In the next quarter, The company earned 37 cents a share, on sale of $47.2 billion." \P )

Input: The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden, a great zoo, its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and, of course, the Yankees.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden, a great zoo, its own charming Little Italy -LRB- on Arthur Avenue -RRB- and, of course, the Yankees." \SEP )

Input: But Laura Cunningham's Bronx, her childhood Bronx of the '50s, is something else altogether.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a lovely, novelistic memoir, Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf, 195 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB-, she remembers an exotic playground, peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics and the occasional Catholic -LRB- real oddballs like her sexpot friend, the hell-kitten Diana, age five -RRB-.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a lovely, novelistic memoir, Sleeping Arrangements -LRB- Knopf, 195 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB-, she remembers an exotic playground, peopled mainly by Jewish eccentrics." \SEP " In a nice, novelistically memoir, sleeping Arrangement -L RB- Knapf,195 pages,$ 18.94 -RRb-, her remembers an alien playground, popled mostly by the occasional Catholic -LRC- real oddballs like her sexpot friend, the hell-kitten Diana, age five -RRP )

Input: Ms. Cunningham, a novelist and playwright, has a vivid and dramatically outsized sense of recall.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ms. Cunningham, a novelist, has a vivid sense of recall." \SEP " Ms. Swanson, a writer, has an dramatically outsized sense of recalling." \EP "Ms. Cunningham, a playwright, has the vivid senses of recall. \SEB " Ms. Cunningham, the playwright, has a dramatically outsizing sense of Recall." \P )

Input: She transforms her Bronx of the emotions, a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx, a world simmering with sex and death and intrigue.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She transforms her Bronx of the emotions, a place where the flats of mediocrity are only relieved by steep descents into hysteria into the Babylonian Bronx, a world simmering with sex and death." \SEP " She transforms its Bronx of what emotions,a place where people are only glad by steep descendents into insanity into the Babelian Bronx, a world shimmering with Sex and intrigue." \SP )

Input: In the Babylonian Bronx, Jewish working-class people lived in drab, Soviet-style buildings glamorized with names like AnaMor Towers -LRB- after owners Anna and Morris Snezak -RRB-, whose lobbies and hallways were decorated with murals of ancient Syrians and Greeks, friezes of Pompeii.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharp-witted and funny but never mean, she's a memorialist a bit like Truman Capote, if he 'd been Jewish and female and less bitchy.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rosie reinvented this man, who may or may not have known about his child, as a war hero for Lily's benefit.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie reinvented this man, who may not have known about his child, as a war hero for Lily's benefit." \SEP " Rosie rebooted this men, who did not know about his son, as the war herofor Lily ''s benefit."\SEP )

Input: Rosie died young and Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure, who didn't interfere much with her child's education on the streets.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rosie died young." \SEP " Lily has remembered her as a romantic figure, who didn't interfere much with her child's education on the streets." \P )

Input: The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down and stripping them, for example -RRB- seem tame by today's crack standards, but Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Ms. Cunningham makes it all sound like a great adventure." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" The games Bronx children played -LRB- holding kids down, for example -RRB- seem tame by today's crack standards." \NONE

Input: Without official knowledge of sex or death, we flirted with both, she writes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Without official knowledge of sex, we flirted with both, she writes." \SEP " Without officialknowledge of death, we Flirted withBoth, she says." \P )

Input: Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept and how because her own arrangements kept shifting.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Maybe Lily became so obsessed with where people slept because her own arrangements kept shifting." \SEP " Perhaps Lily became such obsessed with how because her OWN arrangements kept moving." \SP )

Input: When Rosie died, her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping and other household arrangements.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When Rosie died, her uncles moved in -- and let her make the sleeping household arrangements." \SEP " WhenRosie death, her uncle moved in, and let them make the other household preparations." \P )

Input: They painted the apartment orange, pink and white, according to her instructions.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They painted the apartment orange, according to her instructions." \SEP " Theypainted the apartment pink, according from her instructions. \SEPs " They painted The apartment white, according according to herself instructions."\SEP )

Input: With loving detail she recalls her Uncle Gabe, an Orthodox Jew and song lyricist -LRB- who rhymed river with liver in a love song -RRB- ; and Uncle Len, a mysterious part-time investigator who looked like Lincoln and carried a change of clothing in a Manila envelope, like an undercover President on a good-will mission.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lily's grandmother, no cookie baker, excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album, and lugged around her perennial work-in-progress, Philosophy for Women.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lilly's grandmother, no cookie baker, excised the heads of disliked relatives from the family album." \SEP " Lily's grandma, nocookie baker, lugged around her perennial work-in-progress, Philosophy for Women." \P )

Input: The book loses some momentum toward the end, when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys and less with her delightfully weird family.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The book loses some momentum toward the end, when Lily becomes more preoccupied with dating boys." \SEP " The book lost some momentum among the end, when Lily become less with her delightfully weird family." \P )

Input: But both the past and present worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press, 200 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped and static.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But both the past worlds of The Current Climate -LRB- Atlantic Monthly Press, 200 pages, $ 18.95 -RRB- feel cramped and static." \SEP " But both both the present worlds of THE Current Climate --LRB.- Atlantic MonthlyPress, 200 acres, $ 19.95 --RRB– feel cramped or static." )

Input: Harry is now a 57-year-old writer, whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood and New York seems quaintly out-of-synch.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry is now a 57-year-old writer, whose continuing flirtation with drugs and marginal types in Hollywood seems quaintly out-of-synch." \SEP "Harry is nowa 57-century-old reader, whose continued flirtation of drugs andMarginal types in New York seems quaintfully out- of-synching." \P )

Input: Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife, who's so addicted to soap operas and mystery novels she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Harry has avoided all that by living in a Long Island suburb with his wife, who's so addicted to soap operas she barely seems to notice when her husband disappears for drug-seeking forays into Manhattan." \SEP " Harry has avoiding all that for living in the Long Island suburbs with his husband, who is so addictedto mystery novels she hardly seems tonotice when her wife disappears fordrug-seekingforays intohattan." \SP )

Input: But it doesn't take too many lines to figure Harry out.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The 21-square-mile area is contaminated with lead, zinc and other metals.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 21-square-mile area is contaminated with lead associated with lead." \SEP " The 21.-square-pound area is polluted with zinc associated with other metals." \P )

Input: The company, which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday, said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company, which issued a statement on the agreement late Friday, said that $ 1 million of the payment was previously provided for in its financial statements and that $ 500,000 will be recognized in its 1989 third-quarter statement." \SEP )

Input: The agreement and consent decree are subject to court approval, the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agreement require to court approval, the company said." \SEP " The consent decree are subject to court approvals, the man said."\SEP )

Input: Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement and any other liabilities it may incur under the Superfund law.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Gulf Resources added that it will seek to recover equitable contribution from others for both the amount of the settlement it may incur under the Superfund law." \SEP " Gulf Resources maintained that it seeks to recover inequ contribution fromOthers for both any other liabilities it may face under theSuperfund law. \SEB )

Input: Many of the nation's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators and takeover players.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of the nation's highest-ranking executives saluted Friday's market plunge as an overdue comeuppance for speculators." \SEP " Most of the man'shighest-ranking executive saluted Monday's stock plunge as An overdue comesuppance for takeover players." \P )

Input: Assuming that the market doesn't head into a bottomless free fall, some executives think Friday's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out and takeover frenzy of recent years may be abating.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Assuming that the market doesn't head into a bottomless free fall, some executives think Friday's action could prove a harbinger of good news -- as a sign that the leveraged buy-out frenzy of recent years may be abating." \SEP " Assuming that it does nt head intoa bottomlessfree fall, many executives think Thursday's actions could provea harbingerof good news - as a signal that the takeover frenzy of late years maybe abating. \SEB )

Input: The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies -- and millions off their personal fortunes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The executives were remarkably unperturbed by the plunge even though it lopped billions of dollars off the value of their companies." \SEP " The executivesWere remarkably uninturbed byThe plunge even while it lopping millions off their personal fortunes." \P )

Input: I'm not going to worry about one day's decline, said Kenneth Olsen, Digital Equipment Corp. president, who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange and yellow leaves of the mountains here after his company's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I'm not going to worry about one day's decline, said Kenneth Olsen, Digital Equipment Corp. president, who was leisurely strolling through the bright orange leaves of the mountains here after his company's shares plunged $ 5.75 to close at $ 86.50." \SEP " I's not going on worry about One day 'S decline,Said Kenneth Olsen, Digital Equipment Inc. president, who wasisurely stroller through the yellow leaves ofthe mountains hereafter his company.'s shares surged $ 5.75 to closing at $ 87.50.� \SEB )

Input: The fact that this happened two years ago and there was a recovery gives people some comfort that this won't be a problem.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The fact that this happened two years ago gives people some comfort that this won't be a problem." \SEP " the fact that there was a recovery gives peopleSome comfort that these wo nt be a situation." \P )

Input: Of course, established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators and takeover artists.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of course, established corporate managements often tend to applaud the setbacks of stock speculators." \SEP " Of course, established corporate managementements often tends to applaud what setbacks of takeover artists." \SP )

Input: Indeed, one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday's events was Robert Crandall, chairman of AMR Corp., the parent of American Airlines and the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Indeed, one chief executive who was downright delighted by Friday's events was Robert Crandall, chairman of AMR Corp., the parent of American Airlines." \SEP " Indeed, One chief executivewho was downright thrilled by Friday "s events were Robert Crandon, the target of a takeover offer by Mr. Trump." \P )

Input: Asked whether Friday's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate, Mr. Crandall smiled broadly and said : No comment.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Asked whether Friday's action could help him avoid being Trumped by the New York real estate magnate, Mr. Crandall smiled broadly." \SEP " Asked whetherFriday's actions could help himself avoid being Donalded by The New York Real estate magnates,Mr. Crandalall said : No comment." \SP )

Input: Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast, only two projected periods of decline in the nation's output over the next two years, and in both instances the declines are too modest to warrant the phrase recession, said Lewis Preston, chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co. and vice chairman of the Business Council.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Of the 19 economists who worked on the Business Council forecast, only two projected periods of decline in the nation's output over the next two years are too modest to warrant the phrase recession, said Lewis Preston, chairman of J.P. Morgan & Co.." \SEP " Of the 21 economists who working on the business Council forecast, only two projections periods of declines in the government's Output over the Next Two years are Too modest to warrants the phrase Recession, saidLewis Preston, vice chairman of the Business council." \

Input: The real estate slump that's pushing down the price of New York office space and housing is also affecting the city's retail real estate market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The real estate slump that's pushing down the price of New York office space is also affecting the city's retail real estate market." \SEP " The realestate slump that�s pushing up the priceof New York housing is also influencing the city.'s retail estate market. \SEB )

Input: In Manhattan, once-desirable store sites sit vacant and newly constructed space has been slow to fill.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Manhattan, once-desirable store sites sit vacant." \SEP " Since Manhattan, newly constructed space has been slow to fill." \P )

Input: Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy, turmoil in their own industries and a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Retail real estate brokers say tenants are reluctant to sign leases because of uncertainty about the local economy." \SEP " Retail real estate broker say tenants were reluctant to signed leases because they fear turmoil in their own industries." \SP "Retail realestate brokerssay tenants are hesitant to sign rents because of a belief that rents have not yet hit bottom." \P )

Input: A handful of hot retail locations, such as the 57th Street and Madison and Fifth Avenue areas, have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A handful of hot retail locations, such as the 57th Street areas, have been able to sustain what many see as astronomical rents." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" A few of hot Retail locations,such as the Madison areas, have been can't sustain whatMany see as astron rents."\SEP " A handfulof hot retail offerings, suchas the Fifth Avenue areas, are been able can sustain what few see as astronomy rents."}\SEP ))

Input: And, in some neighborhoods, rents have merely hit a plateau.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But on average, Manhattan retail rents have dropped 10 % to 15 % in the past six months alone, experts say.
Prediction: NONE

Input: As businesses contract or depart, the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks, says Edward A. Friedman, senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As businesses contract, the number of employees who might use retail services shrinks, says Edward A. Friedman, senior vice president of Helmsley Spear Inc." \SEP " As businesses depart, the numbers of employees whom might use consumer services shrifts, saysEdward A. Foley, senior Vice president of helmsley spear Inc." )

Input: He says financial problems plaguing electronics, fur and furniture companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He says financial problems plaguing electronics companies -- key categories in the local retail economy -- have further deflated the market." \SEP " He saysfinancial problems plaguting fur companies --key categories inthe local retail industry -- haveurther deflatedThe market."\SEP'He says Financial problems plagued furniture companies -- Key categories inThe local retail economic -- have Further deflatedthe market." )

Input: In these locations, Mr. Friedman says, Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding and rents have remained steady or in some cases have declined.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In these locations, Mr. Friedman says, Retailers are increasingly cautious about expanding, particularly in some cases have declined." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" In These locations,Mr. Friedman say, rents have remained steady." \SP " In these areas, Mr. Friedman says, rents have declined,." \P ))

Input: It is also no comfort to landlords and small New York retailers when the future of larger department stores, which anchor retail neighborhoods, are in doubt.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" it is also no comfort to landlords when the future of larger department stores, which anchor retail neighborhoods, are in doubt." \SEP " It is also little comfort to small New York retailers when theFuture of larger Department stores, who anchor retail neighbourhoods, are In doubt." )

Input: Hooker Corp., parent of Bonwit Teller and B. Altman's, is mired in bankruptcy proceedings and Bloomingdale's is for sale by its owner, Campeau Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bloomingdale's is for sale by its owner, Campeau Corp." \SEP COORDINSATION(" Hooker Corp., parent of Bonwit Teller, is mired in bankruptcy proceedings." \P " Hooker Corporation., owner of B. Altman's, is sired in insol proceedings."\SEP ))

Input: But, despite the recent softening, for many of these retailers there's still been too big a jump from the rental rates of the late 1970s, when their leases were signed.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Madison and Fifth Avenues and East 57th Street can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot, and $ 250 is not uncommon.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" rents of $ 250 is not uncommon." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Madison Avenues can command rents of up to $ 500 a square foot ; the $ 500 is not unusual." \P " East 57th Street can command leases of upto $ 500a square foot." \SP ))

Input: By contrast, rentals in the best retail locations in Boston, San Francisco and Chicago rarely top $ 100 a square foot.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And rents on Beverly Hills'Rodeo Drive generally don't exceed about $ 125 a square foot.
Prediction: NONE

Input: It makes investment castings and has traded over-the-counter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It makes investment castings." \SEP " It has traded over-the-counter." \P )

Input: This role reversal holds true, as well, for his three liberal and moderate allies, Justices Thurgood Marshall, Harry Blackmun and John Stevens.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This role reversal holds true, as well, for his three liberal and moderate allies, Justices Thurgood Marshall." \SEP " This role reverse holds true, as well, for his third liberal and conservative allies, justices Harry Blackmun." \SP " These role reversal hold true,as well,for his three Liberal and moderate ally, JustICES John Stevens." \P )

Input: But are these four players, three of them in their 80s, ready to assume a different role after 88 years, collectively, of service on the high court?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role, and the frustrations that go with it, but in different ways.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Every indication is that the four are prepared to accept this new role, but in different ways." \SEP " Every indication Is that thefour are prepared for the frustrations that go with it, but not in different Ways." \P )

Input: Justices Brennan and Stevens appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall and Blackmun appear fighting mad.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justices Brennan appear philosophical about it ; Justices Marshall appear fighting mad." \SEP " Justices Brenn appear philosophicalabout it ; justices Blackmun appear fighting Mad." \SP'Justices Stevens appear philosophical About it ;Justices Marshall seem fighting mad. \SEPs " JustICES Stevens appear pragmatic about it : Justices Black Mun appear fighting madness." \P )

Input: But always, in years past, they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights and liberties cases.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But always, in years past, they have bucked the trend and have been able to pick up a fifth vote to eke out a number of major victories in civil rights cases." \SEP " Butalways, in terms past, They have bucking the trend but have been can to picking up a fourth vote toeke outa number of Major victories in liberties cases."\SEP )

Input: But Justice Brennan foresaw his new role, strongly defending the importance of dissents in a 1985 speech.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Each time the court revisits an issue, the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions and to rethink the result, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Each time the court revisits an issue, the justices will be forced by a dissent to reconsider the fundamental questions, he said." \SEP " Eachtime the court returnsits an election, the plaintiffs will beforced by a diss to rethink the result, he says." \P )

Input: Associates of 81-year-old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court's direction last spring, but is feisty about his role and determined to speak out against the court's cutbacks in civil rights.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Owners of 81-year-old Justice Marshall say he was depressed about the court's direction last spring." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Ownersof 81-century-oldJustice Marshall say that he is feisty about his role." \P " Owners of 83-year.-old Justice Marshal say he is determined to speak out against the court theses cutbacks in civil rights." \SP ))

Input: We could sweep it under the rug and hide it, but I'm not going to do it, he said in a speech last month.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I'm not going to do it, he said in a speech last month." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" We could sweep it under the rug, he told in a Speech last month. \SEPs " We could hide it,, he says in aspeech last month. \SEPP ))

Input: Brennan and Marshall are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future, he says.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Brennan are speaking in their dissents to a more distant future, he says." \SEP " Marshall arespeaking in their Dissents toa more distantFuture, he said." \P )

Input: Friends and associates who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Friends who saw Justice Blackmun during the summer said he was no more discouraged about the court than in recent years." \SEP " associates who saw Judge Blackmun throughout the summer expressed he was No more discouragedabout the courtthan in recent times." \P )

Input: And his outlook improved after successful cataract surgery in August.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But his level of frustration showed in a recent, impassioned speech to a group of hundreds of lawyers in Chicago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: He concluded his remarks by quoting, emotionally and at some length, according to those present, the late Martin Luther King's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He concluded his remarks by quoting, emotionally, according to those present, the late Martin Luther King's famous I Have a Dream speech from the 1963 March on Washington." \SEP " He concluded your remarks by quoted, at some length, According to thosepresent, the former Martin Luther king's infamous I Have to Dream speech From the 1963March on Washington. \SEB )

Input: Justice Stevens, 69, is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role, in part because he may be the least liberal of the four, but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Justice Stevens, 69, is probably the most philosophical of the dissenters about his role, in part because he may be the least liberal of the four, but also because he enjoys the intellectual challenge of arguing with the majority more than the others." \SEP )

Input: The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited, says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School, but the dissenters today are defending a legacy that they created.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dissenters of the Warren Court were often defending a legal legacy that they inherited." \SEP " says Prof. A.E. Dick Howard of the University of Virginia Law School." \NONE

Input: The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions, in its first wave of sales of big, sick thrifts, but low bids prevented the sale of a fifth.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The government sold the deposits of four savings-and-loan institutions, in its first wave of sales of big, sick thrifts." \SEP " low bids prevented the sale of a fifth." \P )

Input: Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp., Charlotte, N.C., which has aggressively expanded its markets, particularly in Texas and Florida.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two of the four big thrifts were sold to NCNB Corp., Charlotte, N.C., which has aggressively expanded its markets, particularly in Texas." \SEP " One of the two of the 4 big thrifted were sold for NCNB Corporation, Charlotte, N.c., who has aggressively expanding its markets, particularly in Florida." \SP )

Input: Under these deals, the RTC sells just the deposits and the healthy assets.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Under these deals, the RTC sells just the deposits of the healthy assets." \SEP " Under these contracts, the LTC sells not the healthy Assets." \P )

Input: Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits and branch systems, roughly in line with what analysts were expecting.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Acquirers paid premiums ranging from 1.5 % to 3.7 % for the deposits systems, roughly in line with what analysts were expecting." \SEP " Acquivers paid insurance ranging from one.5. to 3.7 % to the branch systems, nearly in line of what analystsWere expecting."\SEP )

Input: But it's uncertain whether these institutions will take those steps.
Prediction: NONE

Input: NCNB, for example, has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market, and in Florida, rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NCNB, for example, has been one of the highest rate payers in the Texas market." \SEP " in Florida, rates are especially sensitive in retirement communities." \P )

Input: The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines, but the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The RTC had previously targeted five thrifts for quick sales in order to spend cash by certain budgetary deadlines." \SEP " the delays illustrate the tough chore facing the agency." \P )

Input: NCNB continued its foray into the Florida and Texas markets.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" NCNB continued its foray into the Florida markets." \SEP " NCBN continued its entry into the Texas markets."\SEP )

Input: It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets, and receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It will also purchase $ 473 million in assets." \SEP " It will receive $ 550 million in assistance from the RTC." \P )

Input: The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following issues were recently filed with the Securities Commission :" \SEP " The following Issues were recently reported with the Exchange Commission :!" \SEPs )

Input: Limited Inc., offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities and warrants.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Limited Inc., offering of up to $ 300 million of debt securities." \SEP " Limited Inc., offering the equivalent of Up to $ 100 million of warrants." \P )

Input: Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc., initial offering of five million common shares, via Alex. Brown & Sons Inc., John Nuveen & Co., Prudential-Bache Capital Funding, and Bateman Eichler, Hill Richards.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc., initial offering of five million common shares, via Alex. Brown & Sons Inc.." \SEP " Nuuveen California performance plus Municipal Fund INC.,initial offering of seven million common share, via John Nuveener & Co.."\SEP. " NuveEN California Performanceplus Municipal FundInc., initially offering of three million common parts, via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding." \SP " nuveen Louisiana Performance Plus municipal Fund Inc., initial offerings of five millions common shares, via Bateman Eichler, Hill Richards." \P )

Input: PacifiCare Health Systems Inc., proposed offering of 1.5 million common shares, of which 700,000 shares will be offered by PacifiCare and 800,000 shares by UniHealth America Inc. -LRB- PacifiCare's 71 % -RRB-, via Dillon, Read & Co. Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pricor Inc., offering of one million new shares of common stock and 300,000 shares by holders, via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and J.C. Bradford & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Priscor Inc., offering of one million new shares of common stock via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc.." \SEP " Prricor Inc., offering the one million New shares of Common stock via J.C. Bradford & Co." \EP " priscor INC., offerings of 300,000 shares by holders, via D.rexel burnham Lambert Instit.."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" priscOR Inc., offering of 300.000 shares of other stock, via Brexel B. Lambert Inc./SEP )))

Input: Time magazine, in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers, is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year, increasing its subscription rates and cutting back on merchandise giveaways.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine, in a move to reduce the costs of wooing new subscribers, is lowering its circulation guarantee to advertisers for the second consecutive year, increasing its subscription rates." \SEP " Time magazine, in a moving to reduce competition from wooing newcomers, is cutting back on merchandise giveaways." \P )

Input: In an announcement to its staff last week, executives at Time Warner Inc.'s weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000, to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In an announcement to its staff last week, executives at Time Warner Inc.'s weekly magazine said Time will dramatically de-emphasize its use of electronic giveaways such as telephones in television subscription drives ; cut the circulation it guarantees advertisers by 300,000, to four million ; and increase the cost of its annual subscription rate by about $ 4 to $ 55." \SEP )

Input: Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high, and expensive, circulations is the way to draw advertisers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time is following the course of some other mass-circulation magazines that in recent years have challenged the publishing myth that maintaining artificially high, circulations is the way to draw advertisers." \SEP " Time is Following the courseof some other Mass-circulatory magazines that during recent years are challenged the printing myth that maintain expensive, circulates is the Way to draw viewers." \P )

Input: In recent years, Reader's Digest, New York Times Co.'s McCall's, and most recently News Corp.'s TV Guide, have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation and hold down rates for advertisers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent years, Reader's Digest, have cut their massive circulation rate bases to eliminate marginal circulation for advertisers." \SEP " In recent times, Reader '[s Digest, have cut Their massive circulation rates bases to hold down rates for advertisers. \SEB " In Recent years, New York Times Co.'s McCall's, have cutting their massive circulating rate bases for eliminate marginalization for advertisers. \SET " Inrecent years, News Corp. 'S TV Guide, have Cut their massive distribution rate bases in order to holding down rates of advertisers."\SEP )

Input: Deep discounts in subscriptions and offers of free clock radios and watches have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper-competitive world of magazine news-weeklies.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Deep discounts in subscriptions have become accepted forms of attracting new subscribers in the hyper-competitive world of magazine news-weeklies." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" offers of free clock radios have become accept forms of attract new subscribers from the hyper-" \SEPs " offers offree watches have become accepts forms of attracts new subscriptions in thehyper-competitive World ofMagazine news-Weeklies."\SEP ))

Input: But Time, as part of the more cost-conscious Time Warner, wants to wean itself away from expensive gimmicks.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength and actually a benefit to advertisers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Time magazine executives predictably paint the circulation cut as a show of strength." \SEP " Time magazine executive predictably paint what circulation cut is actually a benefit to advertisers." \P )

Input: What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine and don't really read it, said Mr. Heinemann.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" What we are doing is screening out the readers who are only casually related to the magazine, said Mr. Heinemann." \SEP " What we were doing is screenings out the Readers who don't really read it, saidMr. Heimann." )

Input: We are trying to create quality and involvement.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We are trying to create quality." \SEP " We are Trying to create involvement." \P )

Input: And Time's paid circulation, according to Audit Bureau of Circulations, dropped 7.3 % to 4,393,237 in the six months ended June 30, 1989.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine's net revenue per subscriber, or the actual revenue from subscribers after discounts and the cost of premiums have been stripped away.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Heinemann said the changes represent a new focus in the magazine industry : a magazine's net revenue per subscriber after discounts have been stripped away." \SEP " Mr. Sheinemann added the changes constitute a newfocus in the article industry : the actual revenue from subscribers after the cost of premiums have been stripping away."\SEP )

Input: Time's rivals news-weeklies, Washington Post Co.'s Newsweek and U.S. News & World Report, are less reliant on electronic giveaways, and in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" People's rivals news-weeklies, Washington Post Co.'s Newsweek, are less reliant on electronic giveaways." \SEP " Time's competitors news-Weeklies, the Washington Post Company's U.S. News & World Report, are not reliant on Electronic giveaways."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Time ''s rivals news.-weeklies, Time 'S rivals news from news- weeklies, Time, are in recent years both have been increasing their circulation rate bases." \P )))

Input: Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates and circulation levels for 1990 within a month.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Both magazines are expected to announce their ad rates for 1990 within a month." \SEP " Both magazines were expected to announcement their circulation levels for 1990within a month. \SEB )

Input: It is bigger, faster and more profitable than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is bigger than the news divisions of any of the three major broadcast networks." \SEP " It is faster than the News divisions of either of the the three Major broadcast networks. \SEPs " It has more profitable than thenews divisions of just of the five major broadcast network." \P )

Input: But for all its success, CNN has hit a plateau.
Prediction: NONE

Input: CNN executives worry that the network's punchy but repetitive news format may be getting stale and won't keep viewers coming back as the alternatives multiply for news and information on cable-TV.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN executives worry that the network's punchy news format may be getting stale as the alternatives multiply for news." \SEP " CNN executives wonder that the networks's punchesy news formats may begetting stale as people multiply for information on cable-TV." \SP "CNN executives worrythat the network '[s punchiness news format won't keep viewers coming back as the options multiply for services on cable.-TV."\SEP'CNN executives fear that the television's repetitive news format might be getting boring as the rivals multiply for News." \SET " CNN officials worry that its repetitive news theme wo nt keep viewers come back as they alternatives multiply toinformation on cable-" \SEB )

Input: Just the fact we're on 24 hours is no longer bulletin, says Ed Turner, CNN's executive vice president, news gathering -LRB- and no relation to Ted Turner -RRB-.
Prediction: NONE

Input: So CNN, a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc., is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel, or what people in the television industry call a top of mind network.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So CNN, a unit of Atlanta-based Turner Broadcasting System Inc., is trying to reposition itself as a primary channel." \SEP " SoCNN, a units ofAtlanta-based CNN, is attempting to repposition itself as what people in the television industry call a top of mind network." \P )

Input: The show will be co-anchored by Bernard Shaw and Catherine Crier, a 34-year-old former Texas judge and campus beauty queen who has never held a job in television or journalism.
Prediction: NONE

Input: To distinguish itself, CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global-news program.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To distinguish itself, CNN is also expanding international coverage and adding a second global-news program." \SEP )

Input: It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure and keep experienced staffers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is paying higher salaries -- after years of scrimping -- to lure experienced staffers." \SEP " It is charging higher salaries - after years from scrimping - to keep experienced staffers. \SEB )

Input: And it is embarking on an expensive gamble to break major stories with a large investigative-reporting team.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But that won't be easy.
Prediction: NONE

Input: It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs and hire talent that viewers will tune in specially to see.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It also takes money that CNN has been reluctant to spend to make programs that viewers will tune in specially to see." \SEP " It also took money thatCNN has been hesitant to spend for hire talent that viewers'll tune in especially to see. \SEB )

Input: And the cable-TV operators -- CNN's distributors and part owners -- like things just the way they are.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And the cable-TV operators -- CNN's distributors -- like things just the way they are." \SEP " And the television operators --CNN's part owners -- like people just the day they are. \SEPs )

Input: The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN's unsteady viewership -- and what may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The repositioning bid is aimed at CNN's unsteady viewership." \SEP " What may happen to it as the cable-TV news market grows more competitive." \P )

Input: Already, CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co.'s Consumer News and Business Channel, both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already, CNN is facing stronger competition from Financial News Network Inc. and General Electric Co.'s Consumer News Channel, both of which are likely to pursue more general news in the future." \SEP " Already,CNN is facing strong competition from financial News network Inc. or General Electric Company's Business Channel, respectively of which were likely to pursued more generalnews in the past." \P )

Input: In addition, many cable-TV systems themselves are airing more local and regional news programs produced by local broadcast stations.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Its watchers are, on the whole, a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers and news junkies, who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN, according to audience research.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Its watchers are, on the whole, a disloyal group of channel-zapping grazers, who spend an average of just 26 minutes a day watching CNN, according to audience research." \SEP " Its watcher are,on the whole, a disl disloyal number of news junkies, who start anaverage of just 56 minutes a days watching CNN, according to viewer research." )

Input: The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data, and advertising, become more important to cable-TV channels.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The brief attention viewers give CNN could put it at a disadvantage as ratings data, become more important to cable-TV channels." \SEP " The Brief attention viewers gave CNN could putting it at the disadvantage as advertising, become most important to Cable-TV networks." \P )

Input: It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world, so as events took place it could go live quicker and longer than other networks.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It focused on building up its news bureaus around the world, so as events took place it could go live quicker than other networks." \SEP " Its news buresaus aroundthe world, such as events taking place it can go live longer than other network." \SP )

Input: It filled its daily schedule with newscasts called Daybreak, Daywatch, Newsday, and Newsnight, but the shows varied little in content, personality or look.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And it is exploring other original programs, similar to its Larry King Live and Crossfire talk shows, which executives hope will keep people tuned in.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it is exploring other original programs, similar to its Larry King Live talk shows, which executives hope will keep people tuned in." \SEP " And it has exploring otheroriginal programs,similar to its Crossfire talk shows, which executives hoped will keeppeople tuned in. \SEB )

Input: Then there's The World Today, the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then there's The World Today, the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw." \SEP " Then there, the premier-time Newscast starring Ms. Crier." \P )

Input: But 70 % of the cable-television-equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m., the network discovered, so CNN wants in.
Prediction: NONE

Input: I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what, at least in the public's mind, is the same news, says Reuven Frank, the former two-time president of NBC News and creator of the Huntley-Brinkley Report.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I find it hard to conceive of people switching over to CNN for what, at least in the public's mind, is the same news, says Reuven Frank, the former two-time president of NBC News." \SEP " I find It hard to conception of people moving over toCNN for what, at least at least to the public...s mind, is thesame news, Says Reuvern Frank, creator of the Huntley-Brinkley Report." \P )

Input: CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 %, but they're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CNN recently gave most employees raises of as much as 15 %." \SEP " they're still drastically underpaid compared with the networks." \P )

Input: But to improve, they've really got to make the investment in people.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the Pennzoil\/Texaco litigation, the courts found Pennzoil and Getty Oil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be bound.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the Pennsylvaniazoil\/Texaco litigation, the courts found Pennzoil intended to be bound ; in Arcadian Phosphates they found there was no intention to be Bound." \SEP " In the Pennzil\/Texobe litigation, The courts found Getty Oil intended to being bound ; In Arcadian phosphates we found there were no intention of be bound." \P )

Input: But the outcome of a legal dispute almost always turns on the facts.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And the facts, as found by the various courts in these two lawsuits, were different.
Prediction: NONE

Input: When you suggest otherwise, you leave the realm of reporting and enter the orbit of speculation.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When you suggest otherwise, you leave the realm of reporting." \SEP " When you suggested otherwise,you enter the orbit of speculation." \SP )

Input: The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings and loan associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Community Reinvestment Act requires savings associations to lend money in amounts related to areas where deposits are received." \SEP " The Community reinvestment act requires loan associations to lending money in terms related to those where deposits were received."\SEP )

Input: Terms weren't disclosed, but Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain and to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Terms weren't disclosed." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Valley Federal had said it expected to post a modest pretax gain." \P " Valley Federal previously said it planned to save about $ 2 million in operating costs annually." \SP ))

Input: Valley Federal said Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches or to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp., which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Valley Federal announced Friday that it is considering whether to seek another buyer for the branches." \SEP " Valley Federal said Friday that its is considering if to pursue the transaction with Imperial Corp., which said it is attempting to meet Community Reinvestment Act requirements." \P )

Input: Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings and loan associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers, developers and creditors.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawyers for dozens of insolvent savings associations are trying a new tack in their efforts to defuse suits filed by borrowers." \SEP " Lawyers forzens of insolent savings associations were trying a New tack in Their efforts to deflectuse suits lodged by developers." \SP " lawyers for dozensof insolvent Savings associations are Trying a new point in their effort to defus suits filed in creditors." \NONE

Input: The thrifts'lawyers claim that the suits, numbering 700 to 1,000 in Texas alone, should be dismissed as moot because neither the S&Ls nor the extinct Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corp. has the money to pay judgments.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Still, one federal appeals court has signaled it's willing to entertain the notion, and the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas and eight other states where the defense is permitted under state law.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Still, one federal appeals court has signaled it's willing to entertain the notion." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" the lawyers have renewed their arguments in Texas where the defense is permitted under state law." \SP " the lawyers has renewed their claims in eight other states where the Defense is permitted during state law. \P ))

Input: The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas and reducing the FSLIC's massive legal bills, which topped $ 73 million last year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The dismissal of the pending suits could go a long way toward clearing court dockets in Texas." \SEP " The dismissalof the pending suit could goa long way towards reducing the FSLIC's massive legal bills, which topped $ 73 million last year." \P )

Input: Sunbelt and the FSLIC argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party, including FSLIC.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sunbelt argued to the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals that there will never be any assets with which to satisfy a judgment against Sunbelt Savings nor any means to collect from any other party, including FSLI." \SEP " the FSLIC argued to court of Appeals That there willnever be anyassets with which not satisfy a judgement against Sunbel Savings nor Any means to Collect from anyother party, excluding FSLICO." \P )

Input: But the court said it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt and the FSLIC and sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the court sent the cases back to federal district court in Dallas." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" But when it lacked enough financial information about Sunbelt, the court said it lacking enough financial Information about the FSLIC." \P " But the government lacked enough Financial information about the WSLIC, the government said it lackedenough financial information of Sunbelt by the FRCIC."\SEP ))

Input: But a lawyer for Triland Investment Group, the developer of Valley Ranch, dismisses such arguments as a defense du jour.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We 'd take the Valley Ranch free and clear as a booby prize.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We 'd take the Valley Ranch free as a booby prize." \SEP " We've take the valley Ranch clear as a boooby prize. \SEB )

Input: Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home, but has found the commute too difficult to continue.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Thygerson said he had planned to travel between the job in Denver and his San Diego home." \SEP " Mr. thygerson added he has found the commute too difficult to continue." \P )

Input: SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC's Sisulu and seven other political prisoners.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" SOUTH AFRICA FREED the ANC's Sisulu." \SEP " SOUTHER A FRICA FREed seven other political prisoners." \P )

Input: But his release within the next few months is widely expected.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were piled up at ports and rail depots, and food shipments were rotting because of a lack of people and equipment to move the cargo.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Soviet Union reported that thousands of tons of goods needed to ease widespread shortages across the nation were being rotting because of a lack of people to move the cargo." \SEP " The Soviet union reported that hundreds of tonsof goods needed for ease widespread shortage across the country were being crushed at ports because of the lack of equipment to move it cargo."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" TheSoviet Union reported yesterday food shipments were rotting because the nation reported that companies were piled up at ports." \SP "The Soviet Union announced yesterday food shortages were rotting since the nation appeared piled up on rail depots." \P ))

Input: Strikes and mismanagement were cited, and Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Premier Ryzhkov warned of tough measures." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Strikes were cited."\SEP " mismanagement were cited. \P ))

Input: Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape and incest.
Prediction: COORDINATION("Bush indicated there might be room for flexibility in a bill to allow federal funding of abortions for poor women who are vicitims of rape." \SEP " Bush indicated there could be room to flexibility in the bill to allowing federal funding for abortions forpoor women who is vicitim of incest." \P )

Input: He reiterated his opposition to such funding, but expressed hope of a compromise.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He reiterated his opposition to such funding." \SEP " He expressed hope of a compromise." \P )

Input: South Korea's President Roh traveled to the U.S. for a five-day visit that is expected to focus on ties between Washington and Seoul.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Roh, who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea, is to meet with Bush tomorrow and is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rohm, who is facing calls for the reduction of U.S. military forces in South Korea, is to meet with Bush tomorrow." \SEP " Rohm, who is faces calls for that reduction of military forces to South Korea, is to address a joint session of Congress on Wednesday." \P )

Input: China's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of hostile and anti-party elements and wealthy private businessmen, whom they called exploiters.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" China's Communist leadership voted to purge the party of wealthy private businessmen, whom they called exploiters." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" China\'s Communist leaders voted to remove the party from hostile elements." \SP " China´s Communist leader voted to rid the party against anti-party elements to their private businesses, whom They called exploitgers." \P ))

Input: Zaire's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi and a senior U.S. envoy in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola's civil war.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zimbabwe's President Mobutu met in southern France with Angolan rebel leader Savimbi in a bid to revive an accord to end Angola's civil war." \SEP " Cuba's president Mobutun met in south France with a senior U.S. envoy in a bidding to revivean accord to ending Angola 'S civil war. \SEB )

Input: The decision is the latest move in an escalating battle between the franchisees and Mr. Posner that began in August.
Prediction: NONE

Input: One week later, Leonard H. Roberts, president and chief executive officer of Arby's, was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One week later, Leonard H. Roberts, president of Arby's, was fired in a dispute with Mr. Posner." \SEP " One week soon, LeonardH.Roberts, chief executive officer of Arbys's, was firedin a dispute against Mr.Posner." )

Input: The franchisees, owners or operators of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby's in the U.S., said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby's by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us, because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby's system.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The franchisees of 1,000 of the 1,900 franchised Arby's in the U.S., said : We have concluded that continued control of Arby Bs by Victor Posner is totally unacceptable to us, because it is extremely likely to cause irreparable damage to the Arby.s system." \SEP " The owners of 1,000 of that 1,100 franchised arby 'S in theU.S., said: We have conclude that continued Control of Arbys's byvict Posner Is totally unacceptableto us, although it isextremely likely to causing irreparable harm to the arby.'s system."\SEP )

Input: We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby's Inc. and the Arby's system.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We support all efforts to remove Victor Posner from control of Arby's Inc.." \SEP " We support everything efforts to removing Victor Posners from controlof the Arby.s system." \P )

Input: The group said it would consider, among other things, withholding royalty payments and initiating a class-action lawsuit seeking court approval for the withholdings.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Florida, Renee Mottram, a senior vice president at DWG, responded : We don't think any individual or group should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In Florida, Renee Mottram, a senior vice president at DWG, responded : We don't think any individual should disrupt a winning system or illegally interfere with existing contractual relationships for their own self-serving motives." \SEP " InFlorida, Renée Mottrame, a Senior vice president of DWG, responded : we do n' think any group should disrupt the winning system and illegally interfere With existing contractual contracts for their Own self-standing motives."\SEP )

Input: September's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists, and the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market's plunge Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" September's steep rise in producer prices shows that inflation still persists." \SEP " the pessimism over interest rates caused by the new price data contributed to the stock market's plunge Friday." \P )

Input: That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August, and suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That rise came on top of a 0.7 % gain in August." \SEP " That rise suggested there is still healthy consumer demand in the economy." \P )

Input: But economists were divided over the extent of the inflation threat signaled by the new numbers.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself, but what is even worse is that excluding food and energy, the producer price index still increased by 0.7 %, said Gordon Richards, an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The overall 0.9 % increase is serious in itself, said Gordon Richards, an economist at the National Association of Manufacturers." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" what is even worse is that excluding food, the producer price index still increased by 0.7 %, saidGordon Richards,an economist at The National Association Of Manufacturers. \SEPs " what is odd worse is That excluding energy, the Producer price indexstill increased by 1.7. %, says Gordon Richards, an economistat the National association of Manufact Manufacturers. \SEPP ))

Input: But Sung Won Sohn, chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis, blamed rising energy prices and the annual autumn increase in car prices for most of the September jump.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Sung Won Sohn, chief economist at Norwest Corp. in Minneapolis, blamed rising energy prices for most of the September jump." \SEP " But Sung won Sohn, chief economist of Norwest Corporation. in Minnesota, blamed the annual autumn increase in car prices for Most of the October jump." ) \SEB )

Input: Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index, but the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts had expected that the climb in oil prices last month would lead to a substantial rise in the producer price index." \SEP " the 0.9 % climb was higher than most anticipated." \P )

Input: But Dirk Van Dongen, president of the National Association of Wholesaler-Distributors, said that last month's rise isn't as bad an omen as the 0.9 % figure suggests.
Prediction: NONE

Input: If you examine the data carefully, the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices, rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer and industrial goods, he explained.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If you examine the data carefully, the increase is concentrated in energy and motor vehicle prices, rather than being a broad-based advance in the prices of consumer goods, he explained." \SEP " If you examined the data deliberately, the increases is concentrated into energy and other vehicle prices, rather than be a broader-based Advance in the price of industrial goods, his explained."\SEP )

Input: Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September, after climbing 0.5 % in August and declining in the late spring and summer.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Passenger car prices jumped 3.8 % in September, after climbing 0.5 % in August and declining in the late spring." \SEP " passenger car prices climbed 3. 8 % inSeptember, after rising 0. 5 % inAugust and declining during the late summer." \P )

Input: But at least part of the increase could have come from higher prices, analysts said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Prices for crude goods, an array of raw materials, jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August and edging up 0.2 % in July.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices for crude goods, an array of raw materials, jumped 1.1 % after declining 1.9 % in August." \SEP " Prices for coarse goods,an array of rare materials, surged 1. 1 % after edging up 0.2 % in July." \P )

Input: Here are the Labor Department's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September, before seasonal adjustment, and the percentage changes from September, 1988.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here are the Labor Department's producer price indexes -LRB- 1982 = 100 -RRB- for September, before seasonal adjustment." \SEP " Here are those percentage changes from September, 1988." \P )

Input: In the year-earlier period, CityFed had net income of $ 485,000, but no per-share earnings.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period, CityFed had net income of $ 485,000." \SEP " In theyear-earliest period, cityFed had no per-share earnings." \P )

Input: CityFed's president and chief executive officer, John Atherton, said the loss stems from several factors.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CityFed's president, John Atherton, said the loss stems from several factors." \SEP " CityFed " City Fed's chief executive officer, John Antherton, said the damage stems fromSeveral factors."\SEP )

Input: He said nonperforming assets rose to slightly more than $ 700 million from $ 516 million between June and September.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Accordingly, CityFed estimated that it will provide between $ 85 million and $ 110 million for credit losses in the third quarter.
Prediction: NONE

Input: City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey and Florida.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" City Federal operates 105 banking offices in New Jersey." \SEP " City Federal operated 105 banking operations in Florida." \P )

Input: CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in New Jersey and Florida and, as a result, is taking a charge for discontinued operations.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CityFed also said it expects to shed its remaining mortgage loan origination operations outside its principal markets in Florida." \SEP " CityFed itself said it as a result, is taking a charge for discontinued operations." \P )

Input: He added, however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves, the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He added, however : Depending on the resolution of certain accounting issues relating to mortgages servicing and the outcome of the annual examination of City Federal currently in progress with respect to the appropriate level of loan loss reserves, the total loss for the quarter could significantly exceed this range." \SEP )

Input: In a statement, Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift's operating losses and apparent losses in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement, Miami-based CenTrust said the regulators cited the thrift's operating losses in its junk-bond portfolio in ordering the suspension of the dividends." \SEP " In a statements, Miami.-based CienTrust said government cited apparent losses in itself junk-cond portfolioin ordering the suspend of the dividend." \P )

Input: David L. Paul, chairman and chief executive officer, criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision, which issued the directive, saying it was inappropriate and based on insufficient reasons.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" David L. Paul, chairman, criticized the federal Office of Thrift Supervision, which issued the directive, saying it was inappropriate to allow such a directive." \SEP " David L. Paul, Chairman, criticized The federal Office Of ThriftSupervision, who issued the Directive, said it was based on insufficient reasons." \EP "David L.Paul, chief executive officer, criticize the federal Organization of Thrifts Supervision, which issued a directive, Saying it was inappropriately to allow for such a decision." \eP " david L. Ron, chief Executive officer, criticizedThe federal Officeof Thrift SUPERvision, that issued the directives, saying that it was not based on inadequate reasons."\SEP )

Input: In March, regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution, largely because of its big junk-bond holdings and its operating losses.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In March, regulators labeled CenTrust a troubled institution, largely because of its big junk-bond holdings." \SEP " In March, regulators labeled cenTrusta troubled institution, largely becauseof its operating losses." \P )

Input: Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Paul said only about $ 150 million of the current holdings are tradeable securities registered with the Securities Commission." \SEP " Mr.Paul said only About $ 150 billion of the currently holdings are tradedable securitiesregistered with the Exchange Commission."\SEP )

Input: The remainder, he said, are commercial loan participations, or private placements, that aren't filed with the SEC and don't have a ready market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The remainder, he said, are commercial loan participations, that aren't filed with the SEC." \SEP " The remainder, he said, areCommercial loan participatives, that don't have a ready market." \NONE

Input: CenTrust and regulators have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CenTrust have been in a dispute over market valuations for the junk bonds." \SEP " regulators have beenin a disputes over market valuation for the Junk bonds."\SEP )

Input: The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings, but CenTrust has said it can't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds and lack of a ready market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Office of Thrift Supervision has been hounding CenTrust to provide current market values for its holdings." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Cen Trust has said it can't easily obtain such values because of the relative illiquidity of the bonds." \SP " Centrust has said that it cran't readily obtain such scores because of lack of a ready market." \P ))

Input: Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust's and other thrifts'junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation and the recent deep decline in the junk-bond market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regulators have become increasingly antsy about CenTrust's and other thrifts'junk-bond holdings in light of the recent federal thrift bailout legislation." \SEP " Regulators are become increasingly anty about cenTrust "s and others thrifts are junk-Bond holdingsin light of what recent deep decline in the junk.-bond market." \SP )

Input: In a statement Friday, Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision, saying the thrift's operating losses and apparent junk-bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a statement Friday, Mr. Paul challenged the regulators'decision, saying the thrift's operating losses since apparent junk-bond losses have been substantially offset by gains in other activities of the bank." \SEP " In a statements Friday,Mr. Paul challenges the regulators' decision, Saying the thrifted's apparent junk.-bond gains have been significantly offset by losses in other operations of the central." \P )

Input: Most analysts and thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction, which was announced in July, long before now.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most analysts at thrift executives had expected a decision on the proposed transaction, which was announced in July, long before now." \SEP " Most thrifts executives had expect a decision to the proposed Transaction, which been announced inJuly, long Before now."\SEP )

Input: Branches and deposits can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Branches can be sold at a premium in the event federal regulators take over an institution." \SEP " deposits can besold at a premiums in the case federal regulators takes over an institutions." \P )

Input: CenTrust, however, touts the branch sale, saying it would bring in $ 150 million and reduce the thrift's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" CenTrust, however, touts the branch sale, saying it would bring in $ 150 million." \SEP " Centrust, However, tout the branch sales, saying It would reduce the thrift's assets to $ 6.7 billion from $ 9 billion." \P )

Input: It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million, or about 1.2 % of assets, from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30, thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It said the sale would give it positive tangible capital of $ 82 million, from a negative $ 33 million as of Sept. 30, thus bringing CenTrust close to regulatory standards." \SEP " It said that sale would gave it positive intangible capital of about 1.2 % of assets, from the negative $ 31 million asof Sept.30, thus bring Centrust close to legal standards." )

Input: Critics, however, say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits and junk bonds.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Critics, however, say the branch sale will make CenTrust more dependent than ever on brokered deposits." \SEP " Critics, However, say that branch sale Will make CienTrust moredependent than ever to junk bonds." \P )

Input: The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds, and it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate, as required under the new thrift law.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The thrift is also working to unload its junk-bond portfolio by continuing to sell off the bonds." \SEP " it plans to eventually place some of them in a separate affiliate, as required under the new thrift law." \P )

Input: But perhaps even more remarkable, the three-hour-show, Wetten Dass -LRB- Make a Bet -RRB-, regularly wins the top slot in the country's TV ratings, sometimes drawing as many as 50 % of West German households.
Prediction: NONE

Input: As the 1992 economic integration approaches, Europe's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism, threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas, Miami Vice and L.A. Law.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As the 1991 economic integration approaches, Europe's cultural curators have taken to the ramparts against American cultural imperialism, threatening to impose quotas against such pop invaders as Dallas." \SEP " As the 1992 economic integration approach, Europe\'s cultural Curators have took to the rampsarts againstAmerican cultural imperialism, threatening to imposing quotas against those pop invaders such as Miami Vice." \P " The 1992 economic acquisition approaches, European'scultural curators are taken to what the 1992 cultural integration approaches, threatening the rampart against Americancultural imperialism, imposing quotas for such pop invas L.A. Law." \SP )

Input: But much of what the Europeans want to protect seems every bit as cheesy as what they are trying to keep out.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television and movie producers, who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe's TV shows be produced in Europe.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The most militant opposition to American TV imports has come from French television producers, who have demanded quotas ensuring that a full 60 % of Europe's TV shows be produced in Europe." \SEP " The most vocal opposition toAmerican TV importshas come from German movie producers, whom have demanded quota ensuring that A full 60% of Europe #s TV programs be produced here." \P )

Input: A glance through the television listings and a few twists of the European television dial suggest one reason why.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A glance through the television listings suggest one reason why." \SEP " a few twists of the European television dial suggest one thing why."\SEP )

Input: While there are some popular action and drama series, few boast the high culture and classy production values one might expect.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" While there are some popular action series, few boast the high culture one might expect." \SEP " While there were some popular drama series,few boast the classy production values one might expected." \P )

Input: More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows, variety hours, movies and talk shows, many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More European air time is filled with low-budget game shows, many of which are authorized knock-offs of their American counterparts." \SEP " More European Air time is filling with variety hours, manyof which areauthorized knock-off of theirAmerican counterparts."\SEP'More European open time is fill with movies, many of whom are authorized knocks-offsof their American colleagues." \SP " Most European airtime is filled by talk shows, few of which is authorized knock.-offs oftheir American counterparts. \SEB )

Input: Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost, agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying and selling their combined weight in potato pancakes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Burt nonetheless paid the penalty as if he had lost, agreeing to spend a day with West German Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher frying their combined weight in potato pancakes." \SEP " Mr. Burt nevertheless paid the penalties as if I had lost, agreeing to spending a day in West German foreign Minister Hans -Dietric Genschen selling their combined Weight in potato panc." \P )

Input: European programs usually target only their own local audience, and often only a small portion of that.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" European programs usually target only their own local audience." \SEP " European programs often only a small portion of that." \P )

Input: Mega-hits in Germany or Italy rarely make it even to France or Great Britain, and almost never show up on U.S. screens.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mega-hits in Germany rarely show up on U.S. screens." \SEP " Mega-humits in Italy rarely make it even to Great Britain."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Mega.-hits on Germany rarely make the even to France." \P "Mega-hips on Germany often make it especially to GreatBritain." \S. ))

Input: For the most part, what's made here stays here, and for good reason.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For the most part, what's made here stays here, and for good reason." \SEP )

Input: There is, for instance, One Man and His Dog, a herding contest among sheep dogs.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is, for instance, One Man, a herding contest among sheep dogs." \SEP " There Is, for example, His Dog, a sheding contest between sheep dogs. \SEB )

Input: Also riveting to the British are hours of dart-throwing championships, even more hours of lawn bowling contests and still more hours of snooker marathons.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also riveting to the British are hours of dart-throwing championships." \SEP " Also riveted to the government are even more hours of lawn bowling contests." \P " Already rivetingto the British include still more hours for snooker marathons." \SP )

Input: A French knock-off of Dallas, called Chateauvallon and set in a French vineyard, had a good run in France, which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A French knock-off of Dallas, called Chateauvallon, set in a French vineyard, had a good run in France, which ended after the female lead was injured in a real-life auto accident." \SEP )

Input: Schwarzwaldklinik, -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB-, a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa, is popular in Germany, and has spread into France.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Schwwarzwaldklinik, -LRB- Black Forest Clinic -RRB-, a kind of German St. Elsewhere set in a health spa, is popular in Germany." \SEP " Schwwarzowald klinik, -L RB-Black Forest Clinic, a type of German st.elsewhere set on a health Spa, has spread into France." \P )

Input: Italy's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra, or The Octopus, which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Italy's most popular series is a drama called La Piovra, which chronicles the fight of an idealistic young investigator in Palermo against the Mafia." \SEP "Italy's Most popular series are a drama named The Octopus, whichchronicles the fighting of an imperfectistic young Investigator in Paleromo against crime." \P )

Input: But frequently there isn't much choice.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We've basically got to start from scratch, to train writers and producers to make shows that other people will want to see, concedes Colin Young, head of Britain's National Film Theatre School.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We've basically got to start from scratch, to train writers to make shows that other people will want to see, concedes Colin Young, head of Britain's National Film Theatre School." \SEP " We ''ve basically had to start with scratch,to train producers to make projects that other person will wantto see, says Colin Young, head ofBritain's national Film Theatre school." \P )

Input: Until recently, national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently, national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little advertising." \SEP " Until recent, national governors in Europecontrolled most of what was available and allowed no advertising."\SEP )

Input: Since production costs were guaranteed, it didn't matter that a program couldn't be sold abroad or put into syndication, as most American programs are.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Since production costs were guaranteed, it didn't matter that a program couldn't be sold abroad, as most American programs are." \SEP " Since production expenses were guaranteed, it did no't matter whether a program wasn't put into syndication, as much American programs were." \P )

Input: But not much money was spent on the shows, either, a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk and game shows, while discouraging expensive-to-produce dramas.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But not much money was spent on the shows, either, a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk shows, while discouraging expensive- to-produce dramas." \SEP " But not little money was invested on the show, either, a situation which encouraged game shows, while discouraging ambitious-to.-produce drama." \P )

Input: Now, however, commercial channels are coming to most European countries, and at the same time, satellite and cable technology is spreading rapidly.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now, however, commercial channels are coming to most European countries." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" at the same time, satellite technology is spreading rapidly." \SP " at the other time, cable technology is spread rapidly."\SEP ))

Input: The result is a new and huge appetite for programming.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The result is a new appetite for programming." \SEP " Theresult is a huge appetite for Programming." \SP )

Input: But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas, most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest and most plentiful programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But perhaps to the consternation of those calling for quotas, most of this void is likely to be filled with the cheapest programming now available -- reruns -- usually of shows made in the U.S.." \SEP " But perhaps according to the Consternationof those calling to quotas, Most of thisvoid is Likely to be filling with the most plentiful programming now Available -- rerun -- usuallyof shows made here. \P )

Input: Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn, Laura Colby in Milan, Tim Carrington in London and Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to this article.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lisa Grishaw-Mueller in Bonn helped to this article." \SEP " Laura Colby in Milan contributed to this articles." \EP " Tim Carrington in London contributed to the article."\SEP'Carlta Vitzhum in Madrid contributed to it article." )

Input: British Aerospace PLC and France's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions, greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" British Aerospace PLC said they are nearing an agreement to merge their guided-missile divisions, greatly expanding collaboration between the two defense contractors." \SEP " France's Thomson-CSF S.A. said they're nearing an Agreement to merge Their guided-Missile divisions, greatly expanding collaborations between the Two defense contractors. \SEB )

Input: The 50-50 joint venture, which may be dubbed Eurodynamics, would have combined annual sales of at least  1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world's largest missile makers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 50-50 joint venture, which may be dubbed Eurodynamics, would have combined annual sales of at least # 1.4 billion -LRB- $ 2.17 billion -RRB- and would be among the world's largest missile makers." \SEP )

Input: After two years of talks, plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French and British government clearance.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After two years of talks, plans for the venture are sufficiently advanced for the companies to seek French government clearance." \SEP " After two weeks of talks, plans for development are sufficiently advance for the company to seek British government clearance. \SEB )

Input: The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies, and help make them a leading force in European defense contracting.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The venture would strengthen the rapidly growing ties between the two companies." \SEP " The venture could help make them a leading force in European defense contracting." \P )

Input: In recent months, a string of cross-border mergers and joint ventures have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months, a string of cross-border mergers among joint ventures have reshaped the once-balkanized world of European arms manufacture." \SEP " In recent times, a series of cross.-border joint ventures among European arms manufactures." \P )

Input: Already, British Aerospace and French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on a British missile contract and on an air-traffic control radar system.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Already, British Aerospace collaborate on a British missile contract." \SEP " Already, Britain Aerospace collaborate with an air-traffic control radar system." \SP " Currently, French government-controlled Thomson-CSF collaborate on the British missiles contract."\SEP'Already, French state government- controlled Thomson- CSF collaborate to on an air.-traffic Control radar System." \P )

Input: The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East and Third World weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe's defense industry.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sudden romance of British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF -- traditionally bitter competitors for Middle East weapons contracts -- is stirring controversy in Western Europe's defense industry." \SEP " The sudden Romance of European Aerospace andThom-CSFs -- traditionally cynical competitors for Third World weapons contracts... is stirring excitement in Western European's Defense industry."\SEP )

Input: Most threatened by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals, including Matra S.A. in France and Britain's General Electric Co. PLC.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Most threatened by closer British Aerospace-Thomson ties would be their respective national rivals, including Matra S.A. in France." \SEP " Most threatened from closer British aerospace-Thomaston ties wouldbe their respective National rivals,including Britain's General Electric Co. PLC." \P )

Input: But neither Matra nor GEC -- unrelated to Stamford, Conn.-based General Electric Co. -- are sitting quietly by as their competitors join forces.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Yesterday, a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight, as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace and Thomson-CSF.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Yesterday, a source close to GEC confirmed that his company may join the Ferranti fight, as part of a possible consortium that would bid against British Aerospace." \SEP " Yesterday, the source closeto GEC denied that his companies may join The Ferrante fight,as part of the possible consortium who would bid to bid against Thomson-CSF." \P )

Input: Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra, Britain's Dowty Group PLC, West Germany's Daimler-Benz AG, and France's Dassault group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Companies with which GEC has had talks about a possible joint Ferranti bid include Matra, Britain's Dowty Group PLC, West Germany's Daimler-Benz AG,." \SEP " Companies with whom GEC have had talks of a possible Joint FerrantI bid includeMatra, France's dassault group." \P )

Input: But it may be weeks before GEC and its potential partners decide whether to bid, the source indicated.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it may be weeks before GEC decide whether to bid, the source indicated." \SEP " But it likely be weeks until its potential partners decide whether not bid, The source indicated. \SEB )

Input: Also, any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts, and its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country's defense industry.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also, any GEC bid might be blocked by British antitrust regulators ; Ferranti is GEC's main competitor on several key defense-electronics contracts." \SEP " Also, its purchase by GEC may heighten British Defense Ministry worries about concentration in the country's defense industry." \P )

Input: A consortium bid, however, would diminish GEC's direct role in Ferranti and might consequently appease ministry officials.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A consortium bid, however, would diminish GEC's direct role in Ferranti." \SEP " A consortium bidder, therefore, might consequently appease ministry officials." \P )

Input: For both Thomson and British Aerospace, earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries ; and Middle East sales, a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports, have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For both Thomson, earnings in their home markets have come under pressure from increasingly tight-fisted defense ministries." \SEP " Middle East sales, a traditional mainstay for both companies'exports, have been hurt by five years of weak oil prices." \P " For both British Aerospace, earnings on their home market have come down pressure from extremely tight-finisted defense ministry." \ \SEp " For either British Aerospace, Middle East sale, aTraditional mainstay of both companies " exports,have been hurt from five yearsof weak oil price." \SP )

Input: The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance, West Germany's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain's Plessey Co., and Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b. H.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The European defense industry is consolidating ; for instance, West Germany's Siemens AG recently joined GEC in a takeover of Britain's Plessey Co.." \SEP " The European Defense industry is consolidateating ;for instance, Daimler-Benz agreed to buy Messerschmitt-Boelkow Blohm G.m.b. H." \P )

Input: In missiles, Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace and by its home rival, France's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to better compete, Thomson officials say, they need a partnership.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In missiles, Thomson is already overshadowed by British Aerospace ; to better compete, Thomson officials say, they need a partnership." \SEP " In missiles, Thomson is also overshadowed by its home rival, France's Aerospatiale S.A. ; to Better compete, Reuters officials say, they need to partnership."\SEP )

Input: Interprovincial, Canada's biggest oil pipeline operator and a major transporter of crude to the U.S., said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991, 8 % lower than a previous estimate.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interprovincial, Canada's biggest oil pipeline operator, said revised industry forecasts indicate that Canadian oil output will total about 1.64 million barrels a day by 1991, 8 % lower than a previous estimate." \SEP " InterProvincial, a major transporter of crude to the U.S., said revise industry forecasts imply that Canadian crude output will average about 1.64 million barrel a day from 1991,8 % lower above a previous estimated." \P )

Input: The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping, and oil exploration activity is also down dramatically, as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas, said Ronald Watkins, vice president for government and industry relations with Interprovincial's parent, Interhome Energy Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The capability of existing fields to deliver oil is dropping, as many producers shift their emphasis to natural gas, said Ronald Watkins, vice president for government relations with Interprovincial's parent, Interhome Energy Inc." \SEP " The ability of current fields to receive oil is falling, as few producers shifttheir emphasis to Natural gas,Said Ronald Watkins Jr, vice director for industry relations with interprovincial.'s parent, InterHome Energy Inc.." \EP " oil exploration activity is also down dramatically, asMany producers Shift their emphasis on natural gas, said Ronald Owens, vice captain for government ties with InterProvincial 'S parent, interhome energy Inc."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" oil exploration activities is also up dramatically,as many producers Shift Their emphasis toNatural gas,said Ronald Watkins, vice president of government Relations with Inter Provincial ''s parent,Interhome Energy INC." \SP )))

Input: Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial's system is down about 2 % since January and is expected to fall further, making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Watkins said volume on Interprovincial's system is down about 2 % since January, making expansion unnecessary until perhaps the mid-1990s." \SEP " Mr. Sammy saidvolume on InterProvincial 'S system is expected to fall further, making contraction unnecessary untilperhaps the mid.-1990s. \SEB )

Input: Many of Canada's oil and gas producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil, and have shifted their exploration and development budgets accordingly.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Many of Canada's oil producers say the outlook for natural gas is better than it is for oil." \SEP " Many ofCanada's gas producers say they have shifted their exploration budgets accordingly." \EP COORDINATIONAL(" Manyof Canada 'S oil producers are shifting their exploration budget accordingly."\SEP'Many of Manitoba's Exxon producers are shifted their development budgets accordingly. \SEPs ))

Input: The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago, and the number of completed oil wells is down more than that, due to the increasing focus on gas exploration, said Robert Feick, manager of crude oil with Calgary's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada, an industry group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The number of active drilling rigs in Canada is down 30 % from a year ago, said Robert Feick, manager of crude oil with Calgary's Independent Petroleum Association of Canada, an industry group." \SEP " the number of completed oil wells is down more than that, due to the increasing focus on gas exploration, saidRobert Feick, manager of primary oil with Alberta's independent Petroleum association of Canada, an industry network." \P )

Input: Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada, and almost 60 % of Interprovincial's total volume consists of light crude.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Interprovincial transports about 75 % of all crude produced in western Canada." \SEP " almost 60 % of InterProvincial's total volume consists of light crude." \P )

Input: Nearly all of the crude oil that Canada exports to the U.S. is transported on Interprovincial's system, whose main line runs from Edmonton to major U.S. and Canadian cities in the Great Lakes region, including Chicago, Buffalo, Toronto and Montreal.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Canada's current oil exports to the U.S. total about 600,000 barrels a day, or about 9.1 % of net U.S. crude imports, said John Lichtblau, president of the New York-based Petroleum Industry Research Foundation.
Prediction: NONE

Input: That ranks Canada as the fourth-largest source of imported crude, behind Saudi Arabia, Nigeria and Mexico.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That ranks Canada as the fourth-largest source of imported crude, behind Saudi Arabia." \SEP " That ranksCanada as the four-largestsource of imported oil, behind Nigeria." \SP " Those ranks Canadaas the fourth‑largest source for imported crude, behind Mexico." \P )

Input: But when something is inevitable, you learn to live with it, he said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume and increased costs.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Inland Steel Industries Inc. expects to report that third-quarter earnings dropped more than 50 % from the previous quarter as a result of reduced sales volume." \SEP " Inland steel Industries Inc. expects toreport that third–quarter earnings fell more than fifty % from what previousquarter as a consequence of increased costs." \P )

Input: In the second quarter, the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share, including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit, on sales of $ 1.11 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the second quarter, the steelmaker had net income of $ 45.3 million, including a pretax charge of $ 17 million related to the settlement of a suit, on sales of $ 1.11 billion." \SEP " In the first quarter, The steelmaker was net income OF $ 1,25 a share, includinga pretax Charge of $ 19 million related the settlementof a suit, on salesof $1.11 million." \P )

Input: The company said normal seasonal softness and lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter, compared with the second quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said normal seasonal softness reduced shipments by 200,000 tons in the latest quarter, compared with the second quarter." \SEP " The company added lost orders caused by prolonged labor talks reduced shipments for 200,,000 ton in thelatest quarter, Compared with the first quarter."\SEP )

Input: At the same time, the integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and repair and maintenance expenses, as well as higher labor costs under its new contract.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time, the integrated-steel business was hurt by continued increases in materials costs and maintenance expenses, as well as higher labor costs under its new contract." \SEP )

Input: The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins and start-up costs associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The service-center business was hurt by reduced margins associated with its Joseph T. Ryerson & Son unit." \SEP " The service.-center business were hurt by start-up costs associated with Its Joseph T. Ryerson Jr. unit."\SEP )

Input: The company said it is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel and steel-service-center segments, which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The company said it is beginning to see some shipping-rate improvements in both the intergrated-steel segments, which should result in improved results for the fourth quarter." \SEP " The company announced it is begin to see few shipping-rates improvements in either the steel-service-center segments, who should result into improved resultsfor the fourthquarter." \P )

Input: In the year-earlier third quarter, when the industry was in the midst of a boom, the company had net of $ 61 million, or $ 1.70 a share, on sales of $ 1.02 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier third quarter, when the industry was in the midst of a boom, the company had net of $ 61 million, on sales of $ 1.02 billion." \SEP " In theyear-earliest third quarter, when the government was in a midst of the boom, The company had Net of $ 71.70 a share, on sale of $1.02 million." \P )

Input: Take Microsoft Corp., the largest maker of personal computer software and generally considered an industry bellwether.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Take Microsoft Corp., the largest maker of personal computer software." \SEP " Take Microsoft Corporation., generally considered an industry bellwether." \P )

Input: But that was all of three months ago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: To illustrate, Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer-related firms he follows, half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year's results, and half above those results.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" To illustrate, Mr. Rogers said that of the 14 computer-related firms he follows, half will report for their most recent quarter earnings below last year's results." \SEP " To illustrating, Mr. Rogers said That of the fourteen computer-linked firms he follow, half above those results."\SEP )

Input: Among those companies expected to have a down quarter are Hewlett-Packard Co., Amdahl Corp. and Sun Microsystems Inc., generally solid performers in the past.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In July, the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple and IBM had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million, or 23 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In July, the company reported that booming sales of new personal computers from Apple had resulted in net income more than doubling for its fourth quarter ended June 30 to $ 7.4 million." \SEP " In July, the company announced that booming growth of new Personal computers fromApple had resulted In net income More than doublingfor its fourthquarter ended June30 to 23 cents a share." \EP COORDINATIONAL(" In August, the man reported that surging sales of business personal computersfrom IBM had culminated in net Income more than doubled for itsfourth quarter ended July 30 to dollars 7.1 million."\SEP )))

Input: In computer publishing, a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc., which sells software that controls the image produced by printers and displays.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In computer publishing, a battle over typefaces is hurting Adobe Systems Inc., which sells software that controls the image produced by printers." \SEP " In computer printing, a fight overtypefaces is affecting Adobe Systems INC., who sells software That controls the images produced by displays." \P )

Input: Until recently, Adobe had a lock on the market for image software, but last month Apple, Adobe's biggest customer, and Microsoft rebelled.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Until recently, Adobe had a lock on the market for image software, but last month Apple, Adobe's biggest customer, rebelled." \SEP " Until recent, Adobe has a lock in the market of image software ; last month Microsoft rebeled." \SP )

Input: Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe's approach, and analysts say they are likely to carry IBM, the biggest seller of personal computers, along with them.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Now the two firms are collaborating on an alternative to Adobe's approach." \SEP " Now analysts say they are likely to carry IBM, the biggest seller of personal computers, along with them." \P )

Input: It creates uncertainty and usually slows down sales, said Russ Crabs, an analyst at Soundview Financial Group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It creates uncertainty, said Russ Crabs, an analyst at Soundview Financial Group." \SEP " It usually slows down sales, saidRuss Crabs, an analyst with Soundview financial Group." )

Input: IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel, while the nine other leading computer makers, including H-P and Compaq Computer Corp., have chosen another method.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" IBM is backing one type of bus called microchannel, while the nine other leading computer makers, including H-P and Compaq Computer Corp., have chosen another method." \SEP )

Input: He said Apple's family of Macintosh computers, for instance, uses four different buses and no one seems to mind.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Apple's family of Macintosh computers, for instance, uses four different buses." \SEP " He said no one seems to mind." \P )

Input: The gap between winners and laggards will grow.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In personal computers, Apple, Compaq and IBM are expected to tighten their hold on their business.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In personal computers, Apple are expected to tighten their hold on their business." \SEP " Inpersonal computers, Compaq are expectedto tighten theirhold on theirbusiness." \SP'In personal computing, IBM are expectedTo tighten their grip on their businesses." \P )

Input: Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business, but they haven't delivered products that sell, said Kimball Brown, an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Wyse has done well establishing a distribution business, said Kimball Brown, an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities." \SEP " they haven't delivered products that sell, saidKimball Brown, an analyst of Prudentially-Baches Securities." )

Input: Ever-more powerful desk-top computers, designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains, are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers and mainframes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" EVER-more powerful desk-top computers, designed with one or more microprocessors as their brains, are expected to increasingly take on functions carried out by more expensive minicomputers." \SEP " Ever-morepowerful desk-tops computers,designed with one to more microprocessor as their brain, areexpected to increasinglytake on functions carry out by increasingly expensive mainframes." \P )

Input: As a result of this trend, longtime powerhouses H-P, IBM and Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a result of this trend, longtime powerhouses H-P, are scrambling to counterattack with microprocessor-based systems of their own." \SEP " As a culmination of this tendency, longtime Powerhouses IBM, are scramble to counterattacks withmicroprocessor-compatible systems of themselves own."\SEP'As aresult of this phenomenon, longstanding powerhouses Digital Equipment Corp. are scrambling trying to counter attack with microprocessing-based Systems of their Own." \P )

Input: But they will have to act quickly.
Prediction: NONE

Input: So are Indiana, Ohio and Michigan.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So are Indiana." \SEP " So are Ohio." \SP "So are Michigan." \P )

Input: Iowa, for instance, saw its population grow by 11,000 people, or 0.4 %, between 1987 and 1988, the Census Bureau says.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Iowa, for instance, saw its population grow by 11,000 people, between 1987 and 1988, the Census Bureau says." \SEP " Iowa,for instance,saw its population grew by 0.4 %, between 1986 and 1988, the Census Census says." )

Input: Between 1987 and 1988, North Dakota was the only state in the Midwest to lose population, a loss of 4,000 people.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Six of the 12 midwestern states have been growing steadily since 1980 -- Illinois, Kansas, Minnesota, Missouri, South Dakota and Wisconsin.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And although Pennsylvania and Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier in the decade, they are growing again.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And although Pennsylvania suffered slightly declines earlier in the decade, they are growing again." \SEP " And although Massachusetts suffered slight declines earlier than the decade, they aregrowing again." )

Input: At the same time, several states in the South and West have had their own population turnaround.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the same time, several states in the South have had their own population turnaround." \SEP " At the other time, Several states inthe West have had its own population rebound." \P )

Input: Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia, Mississippi, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Montana, Wyoming and Alaska.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Seven states that grew in the early 1980s are now losing population -- West Virginia." \SEP " Seven states who grew in early 1980sts are now lost population -- Mississippi." \Sightings are now lose population -- Louisiana." \NONE

Input: Overall, though, the South and West still outpace the Northeast and Midwest, and fast-growing states like Florida and California ensure that the pattern will continue.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the growth gap between the Sun Belt and other regions has clearly started narrowing.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even after losing a spouse, more of the elderly are staying independent.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But even among those aged 75 and older, the share living with a spouse rose slightly, to 40 % in 1988 from 38 % in 1970.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Only 17 % of those aged 75 and older lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988, down from 26 % in 1970.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Only 17 % of those aged 75 lived with relatives other than spouses in 1988, down from 26 % in 1970." \SEP " Only 17% of those older lived with cousins other than spouse in 1988, down from 25 % in1970." \P )

Input: More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically and financially.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" More people are remaining independent longer presumably because they are better off physically." \SEP " Most people are remain independent longer Presumably because they were better off financially." \P )

Input: MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success and money above family.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" MANY AFFLUENT people place personal success above family." \SEP " MANYAFFLUent people place money above family. \SEB )

Input: At least that's what a survey by Ernst & Young and Yankelovich, Clancy, Shulman indicates.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least that's what a survey by Ernst & Young indicates." \SEP " At least That's What a survey from Yankelovich, Clancy, Shulman indicates."\SEP )

Input: Being successful in careers and spending the money they make are top priorities for this group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Being successful in careers are top priorities for this group." \SEP " spending the money they make are top priority for this groups." \SP )

Input: Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000, and average net assets were reported as $ 775,000.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Average household income for the sample was $ 194,000." \SEP " average net assets were reported as $ 775,000?" \P )

Input: Across the board, these consumers value quality, buy what they like rather than just what they need, and appreciate products that are distinctive.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Elsewhere the board, these consumers value quality." \SEP " Elsewhere, these consumers buy what they like rather than just what they need." \NONE

Input: Despite their considerable incomes and assets, 40 % of the respondents in the study don't feel financially secure, and one-fourth don't feel that they have made it.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Despite their considerable incomes, 40 % of the respondents in the study don't feel financially secure." \SEP " Despite their substantial incomes, one-fourth do n' feel that they have made it." \EP "Despite their considerable assets, 40% of the respondent in the case do n:// feel financially secured." \eP " Although their substantial assets, one.fourth do no't feel that we have made them." \SP )

Input: While twothirds feel some guilt about being affluent, only 25 % give $ 2,500 or more to charity each year.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Odds and Ends
Prediction: NONE

Input: THE NUMBER of women and minorities who hold jobs in top management in the nation's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" THE NUMB of women who hold jobs in top management in the nation's largest banks has more than doubled since 1978." \SEP " THE NUMBER of minorities who hold positions in top leadership in the person's large banks has More than doubled Since 1978." )

Input: The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials and managers in the top 50 banks, up from 33 % in 1978.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The American Bankers Association says that women make up 47 % of officials and managers in the top 50 banks, up from 33 % in 1978." \SEP )

Input: The amount of income divvied up for each man, woman and child was $ 16,489 in 1988, up 6.6 % from $ 15,472 in 1987.
Prediction: NONE

Input: About 54 % are women, and 44 % are part-time students.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" About 54 % are women." \SEP " 44 % are part-time students." \P )

Input: Trouble with a capital T and that rhymes with P and that stands for pool.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Trouble with a capital T that rhymes with P." \SEP " Trouble that stands for pool." \P )

Input: Mayor Lynn Spruill and two members of the council said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison's main street.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mayor Lynn Spruill said they were worried about setting a precedent that would permit pool halls along Addison's main street." \SEP " two members of the council said they are worried about Setting a precedent That would permit Pool halls alongAddison 'S main street. \SEB )

Input: And the mayor, in an admonition that bears a rhythmic resemblance to Prof. Hill's, warned that alcohol leads to betting, which leads to fights.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pool is hot in New York and Chicago, he insists, where upscale, suit-and-tie places are adding tables.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pool is hot in New York, he insists, where upscale, suit-and-tie places are adding tables." \SEP " Pool is Hot in Chicago, he insist, where affluent, suit.-and- tie places are Adding tables."\SEP )

Input: With today's tougher drunk driving laws, he adds, people don't want to just sit around and drink.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" With today's tougher drunk driving laws, he adds, people don't want to just sit around." \SEP " With Today's tough drunk driving law, he emphasizes, people doesn't wants to just drink." \SP )

Input: Besides, rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski, where rooms average $ 200 a night and the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Besides, Rowdy behavior seems unlikely at the Grand Kempinski, where rooms average $ 200 a night." \SEP " Besides, rowdy behavior sounds unlikely at home, where the cheap mixed drinks go for $ 3.50 a pop." \P )

Input: At the lounge, manager Elizabeth Dyer won't admit patrons in jeans, T-shirts or tennis shoes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the lounge, manager Elizabeth Dyer won't admit patrons in jeans." \SEP " At the Lounge, managerElizabeth Dyerwon't deny patrons in T-shirts." \SP " at the lounge, manager Elizabeth Dwyer wo w't admit clients in tennis shoes." \P )

Input: But a majority of the Addison council didn't buy those arguments.
Prediction: NONE

Input: After its previous mayor committed suicide last year, an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects, gave special favors to developer friends and dipped into the town's coffers for trips and retreats.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After its previous mayor committed suicide last year, an investigation disclosed that town officials regularly voted on their own projects." \SEP " After its former mayor committed Suicide last year, an investigation announced that town residents regularly gave special favors to developer friends." \P COORDINATIONAL(" After his previous mayor commit suicide last month, an Investigation disclosed that the previous mayor dipped into the town's coffers for trips." \SP " Before its previous Mayor committed suicide yesterday year, An investigation disclosed the town officials dipped into our town 'S coffers for retreats." \ \SEB ))

Input: The only thing Robert Goldberg could praise about CBS's new show Island Son -LRB- Leisure & Arts, Sept. 25 -RRB- was the local color ; unfortunately neither he nor the producers of the show have done their homework.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole, tucking in a Hawaiian shirt and rolling up its long sleeves.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Richard Chamberlain dresses as a Mainland haole, tucking in a Hawaiian shirt." \SEP " Richard Chamberlain dress as aMainland haoles, rolling up its long sleeves." \P )

Input: And the local expression for brother is brah, not bruddah.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And even if a nurse would wear flowers in her hair while on duty, if she were engaged she would know to wear them behind her left, not right, ear.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A good bet would be the tension between blacks and Jews in New York City.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Or so it must seem to Jackie Mason, the veteran Jewish comedian appearing in a new ABC sitcom airing on Tuesday nights -LRB- 9:30-10 p.m. EDT -RRB-.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup, he's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup, and he's currently a man in hot water.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not only is Mr. Mason the star of Chicken Soup, he's also the inheritor of a comedic tradition dating back to Duck Soup." \SEP " Not only his currently a man in hot water." \P )

Input: Here, in neutral language, is the gist of Mr. Mason's remarks, quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign, and then in Newsweek after he and the campaign parted company.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here, in neutral language, is the gist of Mr. Mason's remarks, quoted first in the Village Voice while he was a paid spokesman for the Rudolph Giuliani mayoral campaign." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Here, in neutral languages, is a gist of his remarks, printed then in Newsweek after he parted company." \P " Here, on neutral language, is the essence of Mr. Mason ''s remarks, published then in the Newsweek after the campaign parted company. \P ))

Input: As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt, live television and the nightclub circuit, Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As a practitioner of ethnic humor from the old days on the Borscht Belt, Mr. Mason instinctively reached for the vernacular." \SEP " As a practitioners of ethnic humour from the past days on live television, Mr.- Mason instinctively reaching for the #vernacular. \SEB " As an practitioner ofethnic humor from recent days on even the nightclub circuit, Mr. Mason instinctively reaches for the wvernacular. \P )

Input: He said Jews were sick with complexes ; and he called David Dinkins, Mr. Giuliani's black opponent, a fancy shvartze with a mustache.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said Jews were sick with complexes." \SEP " he called David Dinkins, Mr. Giuliani's black opponent, a fancy shvartze with a mustache." \P )

Input: It probably would, because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It probably would, because few of the people upset by Mr. Mason's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language." \SEP " It probably Would, because none of the person upset byMr. Mason Js remarks has bothered to differentiate between the substances of his remarks and the reason that he made insulting language. \SEB )

Input: These critics fail to distinguish between the type of ethnic humor that aims at disparaging another group, such as Polish jokes ; and the type that is double-edged, aiming inward as well as outward.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The latter typically is the humor of the underdog, and it was perfected by both blacks and Jews on the minstrel and vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their white and gentile audiences along with themselves.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The latter typically is the humor of the underdog." \SEP " it was perfected by both Jews on the vaudeville stage as a means of mocking their gentile audiences along with themselves." \

Input: In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce, this double-edged blade could cut both the self and the audience to ribbons.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the hands of a zealot like Lenny Bruce, this double-edged blade could cut both the self to ribbons." \SEP " In the minds of a fanatic like L Kenny Bruce, these double- edged blade could slash both the audience to ribnets." \P )

Input: But wielded by a pro like Jackie Mason, it is a constructive form of mischief.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Because despite all the media prattle about comedy and politics not mixing, they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions and facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because despite all the media prattle about comedy not mixing, they are similar in one respect : Both can serve as mechanisms for easing tensions." \SEP " Because despite All the media Prattle about Comedy not mixing, they aresimilar in one context : Both Can serve as sources for facilitating the co-existence of groups in conflict." \EP " Although despite all of the media trattle about politics not mixing the they are similarity in one respects : Both could serve as mechanism for easing tension." \SET " Because Despite all the press prattle on politics notmix, they is similar in One respect : both can serveas mechanisms for facilitating a co-exist of groups on conflict."

Input: That's why it's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police, on college campuses and elsewhere, taboo all critical mention of group differences.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That's why it's dangerous to have well-intentioned thought police, on college campuses, taboo all critical mention of group differences." \SEP " That�s why we's Dangerous to havewell- intentioned thought policemen, elsewhere, taboo All critical mentionof group differences. \SEB )

Input: The question is, if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB-, and if Mr. Mason's type of ethnic humor is passe, then what other means do we have for letting off steam?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The question is, if group conflicts still exist -LRB- as undeniably they do -RRB-?" \SEP " If Mr. Mason's type of ethnic humor is passe, then what other means do we have for letting off steam?"\SEP )

Input: Don't say the TV sitcom, because that happens to be a genre that, in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody, resembles politics more than it does comedy.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Don't say the TV sitcom, because that happens to be a genre that, in its desperate need to attract everybody, resembles politics more than it does comedy." \SEP " Do n' say the television sitcom, although that happened to be the genre that, in its desperation need to offend nobody, resembles politicians more than they does Comedy." \P )

Input: But these are not the differences that make headlines.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In Chicken Soup, Mr. Mason plays Jackie, a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie -LRB- Lynn Redgrave -RRB-, an Irish widow and mother of three, against the wishes of his mother -LRB- Rita Karin -RRB- and her brother Michael -LRB- Brandon Maggart -RRB-.
Prediction: NONE

Input: At least, they both speak with strong accents, as do Jackie and Maddie.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At least, they both speak with strong accents, as do Jackie." \SEP " At least, they both spoke with strong accent, as does Maddie." \SP )

Input: And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Back in the 1920s, the play and movie versions of Abie's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author, Anne Nichols, lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Back in the 1920s, the play versions of Abie's Irish Rose made the theme of courtship between the assimilated offspring of Jewish and Irish immigrants so popular that its author, Anne Nichols, lost a plagiarism suit on the grounds that the plot has entered the public domain." \SEP " Back in recent years, the movie versions of Abby'sIrish Rose made The theme of Courtship between Jews and Irish immigrant so popularthat its author, Anne Nichols, lost a theftism suiton the grounds to the plot that thePlot has entered to the public Domain." \P )

Input: And it has remained there, as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie, whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter and David Birney.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And it has remained there, as evidenced by its reappearance in a 1972 CBS sitcom called Bridget Loves Bernie, whose sole distinction was that it led to the real-life marriage of Meredith Baxter." \SEP " And it have remained there, as evidenced from its reappearances in a 1971 CBS sitcom that Bridgetloves Bernie, whose sole distinctions was thatit led to a real-estate marriage of David Birney." \P )

Input: Clearly, the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over, but whether it will simmer at all.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Clearly, the question with Chicken Soup is not whether the pot will boil over." \SEP " Clearly, The question with chicken Soup is Not whether it will simmer at all." \P )

Input: So far, the bubbles have been few and far between.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So far, the bubbles have been few between." \SEP " So far, the bubbles has been far between."\SEP )

Input: For instance, Michael dislikes Jackie not because he's a shrewd Jewish businessman, but because he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" For instance, Michael dislikes Jackie not because he's a shrewd Jewish businessman, but because he quits his well-paying job as a salesman in order to become a social worker." \SEP )

Input: Even more problematic is the incompatibility between sitcom preachiness and Mr. Mason's comic persona.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The best moments in the show occur at the beginning and the end -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB-, when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode and starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The best moments in the show occur at the beginning of the show -LRB- and occasionally in the middle -RRB-, when Mr. Mason slips into his standup mode." \SEP " The best scenes in the event occur at that beginning -L RB- and sometimes in the end -RRb-, where Mr.ason starts meting out that old-fashioned Jewish mischief to other people as well as to himself." \P )

Input: But too often, these routines lack spark because this sitcom, like all sitcoms, is timid about confronting Mr. Mason's stock in trade - ethnic differences.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But I am suggesting that they stop requiring Mr. Mason to interrupt his classic shtik with some line about caring for other people that would sound shmaltzy on the lips of Miss America.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The economy, he added, remains well-balanced and the outlook is for continued moderate growth.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy, he added, remains well-balanced." \SEP " the outlook is for continued moderate growth." \P )

Input: After the 1929 crash, Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country... is on a sound and prosperous basis.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" After the 1929 crash, Herbert Hoover said : The fundamental business of the country... is on a sound basis." \SEP " After the 1928 crash, Hoover said: The fundamental government of the government... ison a prosperous basis." )

Input: James Robinson, 57 years old, was elected president and chief executive officer of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" James Robinson, 57 years old, was elected president of this maker of magnetic recording heads for disk drives." \SEP " James Robinson, 57 yearsold, waselected chief executive officer of this makers of magnetic Recording heads fordisk drives."\SEP )

Input: He has been president and chief executive officer of Amperex Electronics Corp., a division of North American Philips Corp., itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He has been president of Amperex Electronics Corp., a division of North American Philips Corp., itself a subsidiary of N.V. Philips of the Netherlands." \SEP " He has also been chief executive officer of amperex Electronic Corp.., a unit of NorthAmerican Philips Gov., itself a subsidiaries of N.V. Phillips of the Philippines." \P )

Input: The former president and chief executive, Eric W. Markrud, resigned in June.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The former president,Eric W. Markrud, resigned in June." \SEP " The former chief executive, Eric W.Markrud, resigned inJune." \P )

Input: Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks and spending increases.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawmakers drastically streamlined the bill to blunt criticism that it was bloated with special-interest tax breaks." \SEP " Lawmakers dramatically streamlined the legislation to blunt critics that it were bloated with spending increases." \P )

Input: But Senate supporters of the trimmer legislation said that other bills would soon be moving through Congress that could carry some of the measures that had been cast aside, including a capital-gains tax cut.
Prediction: NONE

Input: House-Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek and last for a while.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" House-Senate negotiations are likely to begin at midweek." \SEP " House- Senate negotiations are Likely to last for a while." \P )

Input: But, he added, I believe Republicans and Democrats will work together to get capital-gains reform this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But, he added, I believe Republicans will work together to get capital-gains reform this year." \SEP " But, he added, I believe Democrats will work alike to get Capital-gain reform this season." \P )

Input: The Senate's decision was a setback for President Bush and will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Senate's decision was a setback for President Bush." \SEP " It will make approval of a capital-gains tax cut less certain this year." \P )

Input: And a senior aide to the House Ways and Means Committee, where tax legislation originates, said there aren't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And a senior aide to the House Ways Committee, where tax legislation originates, said there aren't any plans to produce another tax bill that could carry a gains tax cut this year." \SEP " And a Senior aide to The House Means Committee, who tax legislation originsates,Said there are no plans to produced another tax tax bill which could carried a wins tax cut next year." )

Input: One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut, and perhaps other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill, is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One obvious place to attach a capital-gains tax cut to other popular items stripped from the deficit-reduction bill, is the legislation to raise the federal borrowing limit." \SEP " One obvious thing to attach the capital-Gains Tax cut to perhaps other popular item stripped from deficits-reducing bill,is the legislation that raise theFederal borrowing limits." \P )

Input: Although I am encouraged by the Senate action, said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D., Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways and Means Committee, it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Although I am encouraged by the Senate action, said Chairman Dan Rostenkowski -LRB- D., Ill. -RRB- of the House Ways Committee, it is uncertain whether a clean bill can be achieved in the upcoming conference with the Senate." \SEP " Although I is encouraged by government action, says Chairman Dan R Rostenk -L RB- D., Ill. -RRb- of a House Means Committee, It is uncertain potential a clean game can be obtained in the forthcoming conference with a Senate." )

Input: But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle and garner the 60 votes needed to win the capital-gains issue on the floor, so they went ahead with the streamlined bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Republican senators saw no way to overcome a procedural hurdle to win the capital-gains issue on the floor, so they went ahead with the streamlined bill." \SEP " But GOP senators saw little way to garner the 60 votes needed to win it capital-mains issue at the floor, so they did ahead with what streamlined bill was." \P )

Input: These include a child-care initiative and extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing and research-and-development expenditures.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These include a child-care initiative. These include extensions of soon-to-expire tax breaks for low-income housing and research-and-development expenditures." \SEP )

Input: One high-profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill but was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One high-profile provision that was originally in the Senate bill was cut out because it lost money was the proposal by Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB- of the Senate Finance Committee to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts." \SEP )

Input: Also stricken was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety and Health Administration penalties, which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Also struck was a fivefold increase in the maximum Occupational Safety Administration penalties, which would have raised $ 65 million in fiscal 1990." \SEP " Also stricken was a sevenfold increase on the maximum Health Administration penalties, which would has raised $ 67 million in federal 1990."\SEP )

Input: Mr. Mitchell's relations with Budget Director Darman, who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure, have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat and deal with other lawmakers earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Mitchell's relations with Budget Director Darman, who pushed for a capital-gains cut to be added to the measure, have been strained since Mr. Darman chose to bypass the Maine Democrat earlier this year during a dispute over drug funding in the fiscal 1989 supplemental spending bill." \SEP " Mr. Donovan's ties with Budget director Darman, who pushed to a capital.-gains Cut to be attached to the measures, have be strained sinceMr. Dar man chose to deal with other lawmakers earlier this month during a disputes over drug financing in the Fiscal 1989 supplemental borrowing bill."\SEP )

Input: The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990, and $ 26 billion over five years.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The deficit reduction bill contains $ 5.3 billion in tax increases in fiscal 1990 ; $ 26 billion over five years." \SEP )

Input: -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport and airway taxes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Raise $ 851 million by suspending for one year an automatic reduction in airport taxes." \SEP " -- raise $ 8 51 million by suspended for one Year anautomatic reduction in airway taxes."\SEP )

Input: -- Impose a tax on ozone-depleting chemicals, such as those used in air conditioners and in Styrofoam, beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Impose a tax on ozone-depleting chemicals, such as those used in air conditioners, beginning at $ 1.10 a pound starting next year." \SEP " -- Imposes a taxon ozone- depleting chemical, suchas those used to Styrofoam, beginning with $ 1.10 apound starting next month." \P )

Input: -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax, and impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures by commercial ships.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- Increase to $ 6 a person from $ 3 the international air-passenger departure tax." \SEP " -- impose a $ 3-a-person tax on international departures by commercial ships." \P )

Input: The measure also includes spending cuts and increases in federal fees.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The measure also includes spending cuts." \SEP " The measure even includes increases in federal fees." \P )

Input: -- Authority for the Federal Aviation Administration to raise $ 239 million by charging fees for commercial airline-landing rights at New York's LaGuardia and John F. Kennedy International Airports, O'Hare International Airport in Chicago and National Airport in Washington.
Prediction: NONE

Input: -- Raising an additional $ 43 million by increasing existing Federal Communications Commission fees and penalties and establishing new fees for amateur radio operators, ship stations and mobile radio facilities.
Prediction: NONE

Input: I was laid off in August 1988, and after a thorough and exhausting job search, was hired in August 1989.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was laid off in August 1988." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" after a thorough job search, was hired in August 1989." \P " after a exhausting jobsearch, was hiring in August1989." \ \P ))

Input: My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks and layoffs in many companies.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My unemployment insurance ran out before I found a job ; I found cutbacks in many companies." \SEP " My Unemployment insurance ranout before I find a job; I found layoffs in many firms." \P )

Input: The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date, certainly as an average for the Northeast, and possibly for the rest of the country.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The statistics quoted by the new Census Bureau report -LRB- garnered from 1984 to 1986 -RRB- are out of date, certainly as an average for the Northeast." \SEP " The statistics cited by the old Census Bureau Report -L RB- garnered with 1984 to 1984 -RRb- areout of date, certainly as a average for some rest of the country." \P )

Input: I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you're getting laid off don't worry, and if you're unemployed, it's a seller's market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think what bothered me most about the piece was that there seemed to be an underlying attitude to tell your readers all is well -- if you're getting laid off don't worry, it's a seller's market." \SEP " I think who bothered me least about the article was that it seemed tobe an underlying idea to tell you readers all Is well -- when you'm unemployed, it,'s a buyer's markets." \P )

Input: Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life -- and is for most people.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Looking for a job was one of the most anxious periods of my life." \SEP " Looking for the job is for most people." \P )

Input: The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency said it reduced its rating on the thrift's subordinated debt to B-2 from Ba-2 and will keep the debt under review for possible further downgrade." \SEP )

Input: The rating concern said Franklin's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade, citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary and the possible sale of other subsidiaries.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The rating concern said Franklin's troubled diversification record in the securities business was one reason for the downgrade, citing the troubles at its L.F. Rothschild subsidiary." \SEP " The rating interest said Franklin '[s troubled diverification record on the securities industry was one thing for the rating downgrade, cited the possible sale of other subsidiaries." \P )

Input: Or is this an extraordinary buying opportunity, just like Oct. 19, 1987, eventually turned out to be?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Here's what several leading market experts and money managers say about Friday's action, what happens next and what investors should do.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Here's what several leading market experts say about Friday's action, what happens next." \SEP " Here,s what many leading market Experts say about the action, why investors should do." \SP " Now's What several leading money managers say about Saturday's actions, why happens next and what investors can do."\SEP )

Input: I'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre, all through late August and September, says Mr. Granville, once a widely followed market guru and still a well-known newsletter writer.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I'm the only one who said there would be an October massacre, all through late August, says Mr. Granville, once a widely followed market guru." \SEP " I's the only person who said it would be An October massacre, all through early August, Says Mr. Grenville, still a well-known newsletter writer." \SP 'I'm just one who asked there would have an October Massacre, all from late September, saysMr. Granvill, once to a widely following market guru. \SEPs " I am the only ones who said that would bean October massacre,[sources )

Input: Well, in some ways it is different, but technically it is just the same.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Well, in some ways it is different." \SEP " technically it is just the same." \P )

Input: Right now they're telling me to get the hell out and stay out.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Right now they're telling me to get the hell out." \SEP " Right now we're asking me to stay out."\)SEP )

Input: This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978 and 1979.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This was an October massacre like those that occurred in 1978." \SEP " This was An October massacre unlike those that occurring in 1979." \P )

Input: So she thinks the damage will be short-lived and contained.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" So she thinks the damage will be short-lived." \SEP " So she knows the damage to be contained." \P )

Input: Those corrections lasted one to four weeks and took the market 10%-12 % down, she says.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Those corrections lasted one to four weeks, she says." \SEP " Those corrections took the market 10%-12 % down, she say." \SP )

Input: She says that ratio could climb to 14.5, given current interest rates, and still be within the range of fair value.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She says that ratio could climb to 14.5, given current interest rates." \SEP " She says That ratio could still be within the range of fair value." \P )

Input: But Mr. Davis, whose views are widely respected by money managers, says he expects no 1987-style crash.
Prediction: NONE

Input: We will probably have a year-end rally, and then go down again.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We will probably have a year-end rally." \SEP " We will likely go down again." \P )

Input: I don't think that's the case at all, says Mr. Cooperman, a partner at Goldman, Sachs & Co. and chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I don't think that's the case at all, says Mr. Cooperman, a partner at Goldman, Sachs & Co.." \SEP " I do no't think what's case at any, saysMr. CoOPerman, chairman of Goldman Sachs Asset Management." \P )

Input: Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains, but he doesn't think there's any need to rush.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Cooperman sees this as a good time to pick up bargains." \SEP " he doesn't think there's any need to rush." \P )

Input: I expect the market to open weaker Monday, but then it should find some stability.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I expect the market to open weaker Monday." \SEP " then it should find some stability." \P )

Input: He ticks off several major differences between now and two years ago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And unlike 1987, the economy doesn't appear to be in any danger of overheating.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the economy's slower growth this year also means the outlook for corporate profits isn't good, he says.
Prediction: NONE

Input: If I had come into Friday on margin or with very little cash in the portfolios, I would not do any buying.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If I had come into Friday on margin, I would not do any buying." \SEP " If I came into Friday with very little cash in the portfolios, I Would not do anything buying."\SEP )

Input: But we came into Friday with a conservative portfolio, so I would look to do some modest buying on behalf of clients.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The explosion of junk bonds and takeovers has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors and loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers or feared takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The explosion of junk bonds has lodged a lot of insecure securities in the hands of investors." \SEP " The explosionof takeovers has loaded the corporations that are the objects of takeovers with huge amounts of debt rather than equity." \SP COORDINATIONAL(" The explosions of junk bond has tied the corporations who are the object of the takingovers with big amounts of obligation rather than Equity." \EP )))

Input: This has both made investors uneasy and the corporations more vulnerable.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This has both made investors uneasy." \SEP " It has both the corporations more vulnerable." \P )

Input: It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community and the government may try.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It takes more error now to have a major depression than back in the Thirties -- much as the financial community may try." \SEP " It takes most error nowto have a Major depression than far in the thirties - much as even the government may tried." \P )

Input: These sorts of takeovers don't require junk bonds or big bank loans to finance them, so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These sorts of takeovers don't require junk bonds to finance them, so Mr. Gabelli figures they will continue." \SEP " These kinds of takeouts do n' require big bank loans to finance themselves, soMr. Gabella figures they Will continue." )

Input: He thinks another crash is unlikely, and says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday's plunge.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He thinks another crash is unlikely." \SEP " He says he was nibbling at selected stocks during Friday's plunge." \P )

Input: It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon, says Mr. Rogers, a professor of finance at Columbia University and former co-manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history, Quantum Fund.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It seems to me that this is the pin that has finally pricked the balloon, says Mr. Rogers, a professor of finance at Columbia University." \SEP " It seem to me who this is a pin that had finally pricking the balloon, says Mr. Rogers, former co-manager of one of the most successful hedge funds in history, Quantum Fund." \P )

Input: Dealers would give you a quote, but then refuse to make the trade.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Dealers would give you a quote." \SEP " Dealers did refuse to make the trade." \P )

Input: If the dollar stays weak, he says, that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S. and make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" If the dollar stays weak, he says, that will add to inflationary pressures in the U.S.." \SEP " If the Dollar stays weak, he says, that will make it hard for the Federal Reserve Board to ease interest rates very much." \P )

Input: Mr. Rogers won't decide what to do today until he sees how the London and Tokyo markets go.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Rogers won't decide what to do today until he sees how the London markets go." \SEP " Mr.Rogers wo nt decide who to do Today until he see how the Tokyo markets do." \P )

Input: He recommends that investors sell takeover-related stocks, but hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities, which often do well during periods of economic weakness.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He recommends that investors sell takeover-related stocks." \SEP " He recommends those investors hang on to some other stocks -- especially utilities, which often do well during periods of economic weakness." \P )

Input: Stock prices would still have to go down some additional amount before we become positive on stocks, says Mr. Terrizzi, president and managing director of Renaissance Investment Management Inc. in Cincinnati.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Renaissance, which manages about $ 1.8 billion, drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year and thus missed a strong rally.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Renaissance, which manages about $ 1.8 billion, drew stiff criticism from many clients earlier this year because it pulled entirely out of stocks at the beginning of the year." \SEP " Renaissance, who manages about U.8 million, drew strong criticism fromMany clients earlier last year becauseit missed a strong rally." \SP )

Input: Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos, chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing, alleging :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Regarding the Oct. 3 letter to the editor from Rep. Tom Lantos, chairman of the House Subcommittee on Employment and Housing, alleging :" \SEP )

Input: 1. That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate and deliberately misleading.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" 1. That your Sept. 28 editorial Kangaroo Committees was factually inaccurate." \SEP "1. That Your Sept. 30 editorial Kangaro Committees was deliberately misleading." \P )

Input: I thought your editorial was factually accurate and deliberately elucidative.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I thought you editorial was factually accurate." \SEP " I thought your editorial was deliberately elucidative." \P )

Input: As your editorial rightly pointed out, Samuel Pierce, former HUD secretary, and Lance Wilson, Mr. Pierce's former aide, are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" As your editorial rightly pointed out, Samuel Pierce, former HUD secretary, are currently being held up to scorn for taking the Fifth Amendment." \SEP " As Your editorial rightly point out, Lance Wilson, Mr. Pierce's former aide, arecurrently being held down to scorn of taking the fifth Amendment." )

Input: My colleagues and I fully realize we are not a court... etc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" My colleagues fully realize we are not a court... etc." \SEP " I fully realizewe are nota court...etc." \SP )

Input: By any reasonable man criterion, Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried and convicted.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By any reasonable man criterion, Mr. Lantos and his colleagues have a whole bunch of people tried." \SEP " By anyreasonable man criterion, Mr.Lantos have a lot of people convicted." \SP )

Input: But if his explanation of motivation is true, why is his investigation so oriented as to identify criminal activity?
Prediction: NONE

Input: Why not simply questions designed to identify sources and causes of waste and inefficiency?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Why not simply questions designed to identify sources of waste?" \SEP " Why not precisely questions designed by researchers designed to find sources of inefficiency?"\SEP'Why not merely questions designed at identify causes of waste v?" \EP " why not simply answers designed to identified causes of in efficiency?"

Input: Such as, what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats or whatever they supposedly cost?
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Such as, what happened when Congress wanted to know about $ 400 toilet seats?" \SEP " Such as, what happened whenever Congress wantedto know about whatever they supposedly cost?" )

Input: 4. That the Journal defends the sleaze, fraud, waste, embezzlement, influence-peddling and abuse of the public that took place while Mr. Pierce was secretary of HUD, etc. and so forth.
Prediction: NONE

Input: No, to my mind, the Journal did not defend sleaze, fraud, waste, embezzlement, influence-peddling and abuse of the public trust...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" No, to my mind, the Journal did not defend sleaze..." \SEP " No,to my mind, the Journal was not defend fraud..." \SEB " No, to my eye, the Justice did not condemn waste..." \EP " no, tomy mind, The Journal did Not defend embezzlement..." \eP " Yes, toMy mind,the Journal didNot defend influence-peddling..." \P "No, to your mind, it Journal didnot defend abuse of the public trust..." \SP )

Input: it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards and practical common sense.
Prediction: COORDINATION("it defended appropriate constitutional safeguards." \SEP "it defended practical common sense." \P )

Input: The problem, which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles, is not the likes of Mr. Lantos, who after all is really a bit player on the stage, but the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi-parliamentary\/judicial body.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The problem, which the Journal so rightly pointed out in a number of articles, is not the likes of Mr. Lantos, who after all is really a bit player on the stage." \SEP " The issue, which it so rightly points out ina number of article, is the attempt by Congress to enhance itself into a quasi-parliamentary\/judicial body." \P )

Input: But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty and freedom than any incompetency -LRB- and, yes, maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But I think the kind of congressional investigation that has been pursued is a far greater danger to American notions of liberty than any incompetency -LRB- or, yes, maybe criminality -RRB- within HUD could possibly generate." \SEP " But I thinks the kindof congressional investigation which has been pursuing is a Far greater danger of American notionsof freedom than any incompetenceency - LRB- and, yes, maybe criminality-RRB.- within HUD can possibly generate. \SEB )

Input: Thus, in a criminal case, a prosecutor can not comment on a defendant's failure to testify nor can the defendant be compelled to take the stand as a witness, thus forcing him to take the Fifth.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Supreme Court and some states have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Supreme Court have specifically recognized that the Fifth Amendment does not preclude the inference where the privilege is claimed by a party to a civil cause." \SEP " some states have specifically acknowledged that the fifth Amendment does do not preclude any inference where it privilege is claiming by a political party to the civil cause. \SEB )

Input: Thus, in a civil case, a defendant may be called as a witness, he may be forced to testify or take the Fifth, and his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thus, in a civil case, a defendant may be called as a witness." \SEP " Thus, his taking of the Fifth may permit the drawing of an adverse inference against him in the civil matter." \P COORDINATIONAL(" Thus, in a criminal case, he may be forced to testify the Fifth to testify to the Fifth." \SP " Hence, in the criminal case, he maybe forced to take the Fifth at the civil matters."\SEP ))

Input: He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith and justifiable belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He may take the Fifth in a civil matter only if he has a good faith belief that his testimony may subject him to criminal prosecution." \SEP " He may taking the Fifth on a civil matters only when he has an justifiable belief that its testimony maysubject him tocriminal prosecution." )

Input: Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one's testimony harms him in the civil matter, but because the testimony in the civil matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Allowing the defendant to take the Fifth in a civil matter is not based on a constitutional right to refuse to testify where one's testimony harms him in the civil matter." \SEP " Allowing criminal prosecution is not because the testimony in the criminal matter could be unconstitutionally used against him in a subsequent criminal prosecution." \P )

Input: The subcommittee, Congress and the American public have every right to draw the adverse inference and to concur with Mr. Pierce's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subcommittee have every right to draw the adverse inference." \SEP " The Subcommittee have everyright to concur with Mr. Pierce's own belief that his testimony could help convict him of a crime." \SP " Congress have every rights to drawing the adverse implication." \EP " congress have every legal right to concurs with Mr. Pierce 'S own belief That his testimony should help convict them of a criminal." \eP " the American public have everyRight to draw a adverse inference. \SEp " theAmerican public have all right to be concurwith Mr. Pearce's Own belief that its testimony could helped convict himof a crime. \P )

Input: It was Friday the 13th, and the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It was Friday the 13th." \SEP " the stock market plummeted nearly 200 points." \P )

Input: Or is triskaidekaphobia -- fear of the number 13 -- justified?
Prediction: NONE

Input: In academia, a so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up and shot down by different professors.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In academia, a so-called Friday the 13th effect has been set up by different professors." \SEP " In academics, a such-called weekend the 13st effect has also been shot down by different teachers." \P )

Input: Robert Kolb and Ricardo Rodriguez, professors of finance at the University of Miami, found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert Kolb, professors of finance at the University of Miami, found evidence that the market is spooked by Friday the 13th." \SEP " Ricardo Rodriguez, professorsof finance at a University ofMiami, found Evidence that the markets is spooky by Friday Friday the 15th." )

Input: But their study, which spanned the 1962-85 period, has since been shown to be jinxed by an unlucky choice of data.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But the date tends to be a plus, not a minus, for stocks, according to Yale Hirsch, a collector of stock market lore.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In a similar vein, he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash and Saturday's full moon could have played a part, too, in Friday's market activity.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In a similar vein, he adds that the anniversary of the 1987 crash could have played a part, too, in Friday's market activity." \SEP " In asimilar vein, his adds that Saturday's full moon could have done a part, too, to Friday 'S market activity. \SEB )

Input: reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated, some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered.
Prediction: COORDINATION("reminiscent of those during the 1987 crash -- that as stock prices plummeted and trading activity escalated, some phone calls to market makers in over-the-counter stocks went unanswered." \SEP )

Input: Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect or not, Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York and American exchanges.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether unanswered phone calls had any effect, Nasdaq stocks sank far less than those on the New York exchanges." \SEP " Whether unanswered telephone calls had anything effect, NASdaq stocks sunk far fewer than those at the American exchanges."\SEP'Whether not, NasDAQ stocks sank Far less thanThose on theNew York exchanges. \SEPs " Whether not, Nasdaq stock sank far fewer above those on those on that American exchanges.

Input: Nonetheless, the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year and its sixth worst ever, diving 14.90, or 3 %, to 467.29.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Nonetheless, the Nasdaq Composite Index suffered its biggest point decline of the year, diving 14.90, to 467.29." \SEP " Nonetheless, it suffered its largest point loss of the month, diving 3 %, to467.49." \P "Nonetheless, the NASdaq Composite index suffered its sixth worst ever, diving about 14. 90, to 267.31." \EP " Nevertheless, thedaq CompositeIndex suffered its lowest point decline for its sixthworst ever, diverging 3 %, to 468.29. \SEB )

Input: By comparison, the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday and the American Stock Exchange Composite fell 4 %.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By comparison, the New York Stock Exchange Composite tumbled 5.8 % Friday." \SEP " By comparison, the American Stock Exchange composite fell 4 %." \P )

Input: On Oct. 16, 1987, the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points, or 3.8 %, followed by its devastating 46.12-point, or 11 % slide, three days later.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" On Oct. 16, 1987, the Nasdaq Composite fell 16.18 points, followed by its devastating 46.12-point slide, three days later." \SEP " On Oct. 16,1987, the NASdaq Composite rose 16.8 points, following by its disastrous 11 % slide, five days later. \SEB " On October. 16, 1987, it fell 3.8 %, trailed by its deadly 46.2-point decline, three Days later."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" On oct. 16 to 1987, its Nasdaq composite fell 16 to3. 8 %, followed with its devastating 47.12.point slide." \SP ))

Input: Mr. King of Robinson-Humphrey and others were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls, rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. King of Robinson-Humphrey were quick to add that they believe the problem stemmed more from traders'inability to handle the volume of calls, rather than a deliberate attempt to avoid making trades." \SEP " others were quickto add that we believe the situation stemmed more than traders'ability to handle that volume of call,rather than a deliberately attempt to make trades."\SEP )

Input: The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market-making companies, which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who couldn't reach their brokers or trade in the chaos of the crash.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The subject is a sore one for Nasdaq and its market-making companies, which were widely criticized two years ago following complaints from investors who couldn't reach their brokers in the chaos of the crash." \SEP " The subject Is a sore ones for NasDAQ and its markets-maker companies, who were widely praised two years yesterday following complaints by investors whocouldn't trade in the Chaos of the collapse." \P )

Input: There were too many phones ringing and too many things happening to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There were too many phones ringing to expect market makers to be as efficient as robots." \SEP " There were far many things happening to expect Market makers tobe as efficient than robots."\SEP )

Input: But, he added, you can only take one call at a time.
Prediction: NONE

Input: When selling is so frenzied, prices fall steeply and fast.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" When selling is so frenzied, prices fall steeply." \SEP " When selling Is so frenzuied, costs fall fast." \P )

Input: But, with profits sagging on Wall Street since the crash, companies have kept smaller share stockpiles on hand.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories and that was the big culprit.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago we were carrying huge inventories." \SEP " that was the big culprit." \P )

Input: Because Nasdaq's trading volume hasn't returned to pre-crash levels, traders and OTC market officials hope the damage won't be permanent.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Because Nasdaq's trading volume hasn't returned to pre-crash levels, traders hope the damage won't be permanent." \SEP " Because NasDAQ's Trading volume has not returned to post-crashing levels, OTC market officials hope the damages wo nt be permanent. \SEB )

Input: But they are worried.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big and small institutional investors, as well as individual investors and market makers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The sellers on Friday came from all corners of the OTC market -- big institutional investors, as well as individual investors." \SEP " The buyers on Friday brought from all corner of the LTC market - big institutional investor,as well as market makers." \SP " They sellers onFriday came from All corners of what OTC markets -- small institutional investors, as wellas individual investors. \SEPs " The sellers On Friday camefrom all cornersof the Otc market -- small individual investors,aswell as market buyers." \ \SEp )

Input: But grateful traders said the sell orders generally ranged from 20,000 shares to 50,000 shares, compared with blocks of 500,000 shares or more two years ago.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Shearson's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday and never returned to bargain-hunt.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shearson's Mr. DaPuzzo said retail investors nervously sold stock Friday." \SEP " Shearson.s Mr. DaP Puzzo said retailer investors never returned to bargain-hunt." \SP )

Input: We had a good amount of selling from institutions, but not as much panic, Mr. DaPuzzo said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We had a good amount of selling from institutions, Mr. DaPuzzo said." \SEP " We had not as much panic, Mr. DaPuzzleo said. \P )

Input: In addition, Mr. DaPuzzo said computer-guided program selling of OTC stocks in the Russell Index of 2000 small stocks and the Standard & Poor's 500-stock Index sent occasional waves through the market.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues, including the big OTC technology issues, tumbled 4.2 %, or 19.76, to 449.33.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq 100 Index of the largest nonfinancial issues, including the big OTC technology issues, tumbled 4.2 %, to 449.33." \SEP " The NasDAQ 100 index of the large nonfinancialissues, including many of the biggest nonfinancial services, including major OTC Technology issues, lost 19.76, to four49.32." \P )

Input: The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 %, or 9.31, to 462.98.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking stocks dropped 2 %, to 462.98." \SEP " The NasDAQ Financial Indexof giant insurance stocks dropped 9.31, to four62. 98." \SP )

Input: But they fell sharply.
Prediction: NONE

Input: McCaw Cellular Communications, for instance, has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia's New York City cellular telephone interests, and in a separate transaction, sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw Cellular Communications, for instance, has offered to buy LIN Broadcasting as well as Metromedia's New York City cellular telephone interests." \SEP " McCaw cellular Communications, in a separate transaction, sell certain McCaw properties to Contel Cellular." \P )

Input: McCaw lost 8 %, or 3 1\/2, to 40.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" McCaw lost 8 %, to 40." \SEP " McCaw gained 3 1\/2, to40." \P )

Input: LIN Broadcasting, dropped 5 1\/2, or 5 %, to 107 1\/2.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" LIN Broadcasting, dropped 5 1\/2, to 107 1\/2002." \SEP " LIN Broadcasting, dropped 5 %, to 106 1\/ 2." \P )

Input: Among other OTC issues, Intel, dropped 2 1\/8 to 33 7\/8 ; Laidlaw Transportation lost 1 1\/8 to 19 1\/2 ; the American depositary receipts of Jaguar were off 1\/4 to 10 1\/4 ; MCI Communications slipped 2 1\/4 to 43 1\/2 ; Apple Computer fell 3 to 45 3\/4 and Nike dropped 2 1\/4 to 66 3\/4.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but don't always represent actual transactions.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The key U.S. annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels." \SEP " The keyU.S.- annual interest Rates below don't always represent actual transactions." \SP "The key foreign annual interest rate below area guide togeneral levels."\SEP'The key foreign official interest ratesbelow do n' always represent real transactions."

Input: Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s, usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Pension funds, insurers and other behemoths of the investing world said they began scooping up stocks during Friday's market rout.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Pension funds said they began scooping up stocks during Friday's market rout." \SEP " insurers said they started scooping down stocks during Monday's Market rout."\SEP'other behemoths of the investing world said they begun scooping out stocks during Wednesday's markets rout."

Input: And they plan to buy more today.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Rightly or wrongly, many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rightly, many giant institutional investors appear to be fighting the latest war by applying the lesson they learned in the October 1987 crash : Buying at the bottom pays off." \SEP " wrongly, many Giant institutional investors seem to befighting the latest War by applying what lesson they learnt in the September 1987 crash ; Buying on the bottom wins off."\SEP )

Input: They could still panic and bail out of the market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They could still panic when they bail out of the market." \SEP )

Input: But their 1987 performance indicates that they won't abandon stocks unless conditions get far worse.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Last time, we got rewarded for going out and buying stocks when the panic was the worst, said John W. Rogers, president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc., which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Last time, we got rewarded for going out when the panic was the worst, said John W. Rogers, president of Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management Inc., which manages $ 1.1 billion of stocks." \SEP " Last thing, we get rewarded for buying stocks when the crisis was theworst, saidJohn W.Rog, presidentof Chicago-listed Ariel Capital management Inc., which manages about $ 1.1 billionof stocks." )

Input: I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- and I 'll be buying again because I know we're getting good value, said Frederick A. Moran, president of Moran Asset Management Inc., Greenwich, Conn.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I was buying at the close -LRB- Friday -RRB- to buy again because I know we're getting good value, said Frederick A. Moran, president of Moran Asset Management Inc., Greenwich, Conn." \SEP " I 'll be buying again because he know we are gettinggood value, says Frederick A. Moran, director of Moran asset Management Inc., Greenwich, Conn." )

Input: Unlike mutual funds, which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money, big investors such as pension funds and insurance companies can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Unlike mutual funds, which can be forced to sell stockholdings when investors rush to withdraw money, big investors such as pension funds can decide to ride out market storms without jettisoning stock." \SEP " Unlike mutual Funds, which could be forcedto sell stockholdingings when investor rush to withdrew money, major investors such such as insurance companies can decide that ride out the market storm without jittisoning Stock." \P )

Input: The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long-term holders, and that they can't react to short-term events, good or bad, said Stephen L. Nesbitt, senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica, Calif.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The last crash taught institutional investors that they have to be long-term holders, said Stephen L. Nesbitt, senior vice president for the pension consultants Wilshire Associates in Santa Monica, Calif." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" the last crash told institutional investors to say that they can't react to short-term events, good, said Steven L.NesbITT, seniorvice president for those pension consultantsWilshire Associates from Santa Monica, Calif."\SEP " The last collapse taught institutional researchers that they won't respond to long-time events, bad, said Steve L.nesbitch, senior Vice president for many pension consultants Williamshire Associates near Santa Monica the Calif." ))

Input: You could go down 400 points and still have a good year in the market, said James D. Awad, president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You could go down 400 points, said James D. Awad, president of New York-based BMI Capital Corp." \SEP " You could still have a good year in the market, saidJames D.Awad, chairman of New New York.-based BMI capital Corp." )

Input: Mr. Awad, however, worries that the market could go down 800 or 900 points in the next few days.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Awad, however, worries that the market could go down 800 points in the next few days." \SEP " Mr.Awad, However, worriesThat the market might go down 900 points in this next few Days." \P )

Input: He said he discerns many parallels with 1987, including the emphasis on takeover stocks and the re-emergence of computerized program trading.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" He said he discerns many parallels with 1987, including the emphasis on takeover stocks." \SEP " He said his discernsMany parallels with1987, including what the re-emergence of computerized program trading." \P )

Input: Not really insurance, this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices and generate an offsetting profit by selling waves of S&P futures contracts.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not really insurance, this tactic was designed to soften the blow of declining stock prices by selling waves of S&P futures contracts." \SEP " Not really Insurance, this tactics was designed by designed to generate an offsetting profit by selling Waves of S &P futures contract." \P )

Input: In its severest test, the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash didn't work, as stock buyers disappeared and stock and futures prices became disconnected.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In its severest test, the $ 60 billion of portfolio insurance in effect in the 1987 crash didn't work, as stock buyers disappeared and stock prices became disconnected." \SEP " In its Severest tests, many $ 60 million of portfolio Insurance in effect during the 1987 collapse did nt work, with stock buyers disappearance and futures prices became disconnect." \P )

Input: We're not making a killing, but we had a good day.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We're not making a killing." \SEP " we had a good day." \P )

Input: Food and Drug Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney's office in Baltimore.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Food Administration spokesman Jeff Nesbit said the agency has turned over evidence in a criminal investigation concerning Vitarine Pharmaceuticals Inc. to the U.S. Attorney's office in Baltimore." \SEP " Drug Administration spokesman Jeffrey Nesbits said the administration has turnedover evidence in criminal investigation surrounding Vitarines Pharmaceuticals INC. to a U.s. Attorney "s office near Baltimore."\SEP )

Input: Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens, N.Y., company's officials or employees have been charged with any crimes.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Neither Vitarine nor any of the Springfield Gardens, N.Y., company's officials have been charged with any crimes." \SEP " Neither Vitarianine nor all of the Massachusetts Gardens, n.Y., company.'s employees have beencharged with any Crimes." \P )

Input: Vitarine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine but acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Immunine won approval to market a version of a blood pressure medicine." \SEP " Immunine acknowledged that it substituted a SmithKline Beecham PLC product as its own in tests." \P )

Input: But so far the company hasn't complied with that request, the spokesman said.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Bolar, the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA and the Inspector General's office of the Health and Human Services Department, only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers, mostly wholesalers, Mr. Nesbit said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar, the subject of a criminal investigation by the FDA, only agreed to recall two strengths of its version of Macrodantin as far down as direct customers, mostly wholesalers, Mr. Nesbit said." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" B Polar, the prospect of a Criminal investigation by a Inspector General's office of the Health Services Department, only declined to recall Two strengths of Its version of the Macrodentin as near down as indirect customers, generally wholesalgers, Mr. Nesbits said."\SEP " Bolar, the subjectof a criminal Investigation by the Inspector General "s officeof the Human Services Department, only agreed not recall two weaknesses of its versions of MacRodantinas far downas direct customers, mostly wholesealers,Mr. Neesbit said.� \SEPs ))

Input: Bolar, of Copiague, N.Y., earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram and 50 milligram versions of the drug.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Bolar, of Copiague, N.Y., earlier began a voluntary recall of both its 100 milligram versions of the drug." \SEP " Bolar, of Copilliague, n.Y., earlier withdrew a voluntary Recall of both the 50 milligrame versions ofThe drug." )

Input: The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle and practice of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management-controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The eventual court decision could become a landmark in Dutch corporate law because the lawsuit ASKO plans to file would be the first to challenge the entire principle of companies issuing voting preferred shares to management-controlled trusts to dilute voting power of common stockholders." \SEP " The eventual legal decision could becoming a landmark of Dutch corporatelaw because the suit ASKO wants to filewould be the last to challenge what entire practice of companies issued voting preferred share to management.-controlled truststo dilute Voting power ofcommon stockholders. \SEB )

Input: ASKO says the Dutch-based international food retailer hadn't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust and thus dilute the worth and voting power of ASKO and other shareholders.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" ASKO says the Dutch-based international food retailer hadn't reasonable grounds to issue preferred stock to a friendly trust." \SEP COORDINATIONAL("ASKO says The Dutch-owned international food retailers weren't unreasonable grounds to thus dilute the worth of ASKO and other shareholders." \P " AS KO says theDutch-basedinternational food retailer wasn'treasonable grounds to thereby dilage the voting power ofASKO and others shareholders."\SEP ))

Input: A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position and the propriety of the preferred-share issue.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Ahold said his company is confident of its own position." \SEP " A spokesman from Ahold denied his company are confident of the propriety of the preferred-share issue." \P )

Input: Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker and a loyal Republican, but on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush's economic policy-making.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" on Friday morning he had few kind words for President Bush's economic policy-making." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Chase Manhattan Bank Chairman Willard Butcher is a conservative banker." \SP " Chase Manhattan bank Chairman Williamard Butcher are a loyal Republican." \P ))

Input: I 'd like to see that initiative, and I haven't.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I 'd like to see that initiative." \SEP " I haven't." \P )

Input: But Mr. Butcher's comments make one thing clear : Some on Wall Street wonder if anyone is in charge of economic policy.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The cuts are necessary because Congress and the administration have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The cuts are necessary because Congress have failed to reach agreement on a deficit-cutting bill." \SEP " The cuts were necessary because the administration havefailed to reach agreements on a deficits-cutting law." \P )

Input: We simply don't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit and make tough choices, House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D., Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News's Meet the Press.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" We simply don't have strong leadership to try to reduce the deficit, House Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta -LRB- D., Calif. -RRB- said yesterday on NBC News's Meet the Press." \SEP " We simply doesn't having strong leadership for try to make tough choices, House budget Committee Chairman Leo Panetta --LRB.- D.., Calif. -RRb- said Yesterday on NBC news's meet the Press.� \SEB )

Input: -- For the last two weeks, the Bush administration and the Federal Reserve have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -- For the last two weeks, the Bush administration have been engaged in a semi-public battle over international economic policy." \SEP " -- For these last two week, the Federal Reserve have been engaging in a Semi-public Battle over internationalEconomic policy."\SEP )

Input: One of the things that continues to worry me is this monetary warfare between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve Board, said Lawrence Kudlow, a Bear, Stearns & Co. economist, on ABC's This Week.
Prediction: NONE

Input: But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury and the White House over that decision.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But he has since run into opposition from the Treasury over that decision." \SEP " But he have since run in opposition from both the White House over that announcement." \P )

Input: And he has kept mum on how his decision might affect a bid for United Airlines, which includes a big stake by British Airways PLC.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Then, as now, the budget debate was behind schedule and automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Then, as now, the budget debate was behind schedule." \SEP " automatic spending cuts were within days of taking hold." \P )

Input: And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And concern about official actions aimed at takeovers -- then by the tax-writing House Ways Committee rather than the Transportation Department -- were making markets nervous." \SEP " And concern of official actions targeted at takeover -- thenby the tax.-writing House Means Committee rather rather thanThe Transportation Department - were making market nervous." )

Input: The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration and Democratic lawmakers to the table for the first budget summit, resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The 1987 crash brought the Reagan administration to the table for the first budget summit, resulting in a two-year plan to reduce the deficit by more than $ 76 billion -- even though the deficit actually rose by nearly $ 12 billion during that period." \SEP " The 1987 collapse brought Democratic lawmakers to the face for the next budget summit, resulting in an two- year plan to reducing the deficit with more than$ 76 billion - even though it deficit actually fell by nearly$ 12 billionDuring that period. \SEB )

Input: But, barring further drops in the market this week, a similar outcome doesn't seem likely this year.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Lawmakers and administration officials agree that Friday's drop, by itself, isn't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit-reduction agreement that would be more serious and more far-reaching than last spring's gimmick-ridden plan, which still isn't fully implemented.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Lawmakers agree that Friday's drop, by itself, isn't enough to force both sides back to the table to try to reach a deficit-reduction agreement that would be more serious than last spring's gimmick-ridden plan, which still is w't fully implemented." \SEP " Lawmakers approve that Friday�s drop, by itself, is nt enough to push both sides to the face to try at reaching a deficit.-reduction Agreement that would have been more far-reaching than last year's gimm-ridden Plan, whichstill is wo't fully implementation." \EP " administration officials agree thatFriday's dropped, by himself, Isn't sufficient to forceBoth sides back from the tableto try to reaching a deficits-reducing agreement that could be moreserious than last April's ploy-ridden plans, which currently is n's gimmick-prone plan, who still is n' fully implemented. \SEp " administration official agree that the Friday 'S drop, to the summit to try trying to reach the deficit-leduction agreement to try and reach a possible reduction agreement that might be more far.reaching than Last spring 'S gimmick- ridden plan,which still is wo's fully implemented.� \SEB )

Input: One of the biggest reasons that new talks aren't likely to come about is that, as everyone learned in 1987, the economy and the market can survive a one-day 508-point tumble.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One of the biggest reasons that new talks aren't likely to come about is that, as everyone learned in 1987, the economy can survive a one-day 508-point tumble." \SEP " One of these biggest reasons to new talks weren't Likely to comeabout is that, as someone learned in 1986, the market can survivea one- day 508.point tumble. \SEB )

Input: But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta, who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president and Congress to take a much harder look at fiscal policy.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But administration officials privately agree with Mr. Panetta, who said a precipitous drop this week is going to force the president to take a much harder look at fiscal policy." \SEP " But administration administration privately agreewith Mr. Peter Panetta, who said the precipitous dropped this weekis going to forcing Congress to takea much harder looking at fiscalpolicy." \P )

Input: There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit and that Congress has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut, said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB-.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is an underlying concern on the part of the American people -- and there should be - that the administration has not gone far enough in cutting this deficit, said Senate Finance Committee Chairman Lloyd Bentsen -LRB- D., Texas -RRB-." \SEP " there is an understanding concern on what the government has been unwilling to cut what the administration asked us to cut, saidSenate Finance Committee chairman Lloyd Bencesen - LRB- d.,Texas -RRb-."\SEP )

Input: Nevertheless, it clearly will take more than Friday's 190-point decline to overcome the bitter feelings that have developed between lawmakers and White House Budget Director Richard Darman over the capital-gains fight.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April's budget accord and his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation.
Prediction: COORDINATION("Hill Democrats are particularly angry over Mr. Bush's claim that the capital-gains cut was part of April's budget accord." \SEP " Hill Democrats are especially angry over his insistence on combining it with the deficit-reduction legislation." \P )

Input: There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise or deal next year because the administration simply didn't live up to this year's deal, Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D., Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News's Face the Nation.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There is no prospect of any so-called grand compromise next year because the administration simply didn't live up to this year's deal, Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell -LRB- D., Maine -RRB- said yesterday on CBS News's Face the Nation." \SEP " There isn't prospect of anything so-so grand deal next year why the administration just did n' live upto this year "s deal, Senate Majority Minority George Mitchell --LRB.- D.., Maine-RRB– said yesterdayon CBS News "s FaceThe Nation." )

Input: During last week's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill and the capital-gains issue, there were signs that Senate Republicans and the administration were at odds.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" During last week's maneuverings on the deficit-cutting bill and the capital-gains issue, there were signs that Senate Republicans were at odds." \SEP " During last Week's maneuvers on the deficits-cutting legislation and the administration were atdds." \P )

Input: Friday's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House and Senate versions of the deficit-reduction measure, a process that isn't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Thursday's market tumble could spur action on reconciling the House versions of the deficit-reduction measure, a process that isn't expected to begin until tomorrow at the soonest." \SEP " Friday's price tumble could spurred action on reconcile the Senate versions of that deficit-ringuction measure, a process which is n' expected to begun until tomorrow on the soonst." \P )

Input: Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate, which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures and tax breaks that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit.
Prediction: COORDINATION("Senate Republicans expressed the hope that the House would follow the lead of the Senate, which on Friday agreed to drop a variety of spending measures that would have increased the fiscal 1990 deficit." \SEP " Senate Republicans expressed frustration that the Senate would follow following the leads of the House, which in Friday agreedto drop a range of tax breaks that would would haveIncreased the fiscal1990 deficit." )

Input: The market needs a strong signal that we're serious about deficit reduction, and the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions, Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R., N.H. -RRB-. said yesterday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The market needs a strong signal that we're serious about deficit reduction, Sen. Warren Rudman -LRB- R., N.H. -RRB-. said yesterday." \SEP " the best way to do that is for the House of Representatives to strip their bill of similar provisions, Sen. Warren Rudmann -LDB- R.,N.H. -RRb-. described yesterday." )

Input: The White House Office of Management and Budget, whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met, estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion, almost half of the Congressional Budget Office's estimate of $ 11.0 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The White House Office of Management, whose calculations determine whether the Gramm-Rudman targets are met, estimated that the House-passed deficit-reduction measure would cut the fiscal 1990 shortfall by $ 6.2 billion, almost half of the Congressional Budget Office's estimate of $ 11.0 billion." \SEP " The White house Office of Budget, whose measurements determine if the Grammi-Rudsman targets were met, alleged that the house-passing deficit-rested deficit.-reduction measures would cut this fiscal 1990 deficit by $ six.2 million, almostHalf of the congressional Budget Office of estimate of U 11.7 billion."\SEP )

Input: Rep. Panetta said that OMB's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts, but added : We're getting very close to the margins here.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rep. Panetta said that OMB's figure would still be enough to avoid permanent across-the-board cuts." \SEP " Rep.Panetta added : We're getting very close to the margins here." \P )

Input: But some players were quick to seize the moment.
Prediction: NONE

Input: There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut, Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance, but I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" There have been many preposterous reasons advanced to support a capital-gains tax cut, Sen. Mitchell said during his television appearance." \SEP " I suggest that is perhaps more than any of the others." \P )

Input: The following U.S. Treasury, corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week, according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following U.S. Treasury offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week, according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :" \SEP " The followingU.S. corporate offerings are Tentatively scheduled to sale thisweek, according from Dow Jones capital Markets Report:" \SP " These following U.-S. municipal offerings are tentsatively scheduled scheduled for sales this week, according to Jones Capital markets Report :!" \SEB )

Input: $ 15.2 billion of three-month and six-month bills.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 15.2 billion of three-month bills." \SEP "$ 15.7 billion of six-month bill." \P )

Input: $ 68,230,000 of various bonds, including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds, Series 1989A, and $ 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds, Series 1989B, via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 68,230,000 of various bonds, including $ 32 million hotel occupancy tax revenue bonds, Series 1989A, via a Morgan Stanley & Co. group." \SEP " $ 68,230, thousands of various documents, including U 36.23 million convention center revenue bonds, Series 1989B, viaa Morgan Stanley& Co. network." \P )

Input: University of Medicine And Dentistry of New Jersey --
Prediction: COORDINATION(" University of Medicine of New Jersey --

Input: West Virginia Parkways, Economic Development And Tourism Authority --
Prediction: COORDINATION(" West Virginia Parkways --NONE

Input: $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds, via a First Boston group.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" $ 640 million of gas revenue refunding bonds, via a First Boston group." \SEP " $ 640 millions of electric revenue refunded bonds,via a FirstBoston group." )

Input: Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend, but most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach and said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Small investors matched their big institutional brethren in anxiety over the weekend. most seemed to be taking a philosophical approach." \SEP " Small investors said they were resigned to riding out the latest storm in the stock market." \P )

Input: But he's not so sure about everyone else.
Prediction: NONE

Input: I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic and sell, predicted Mr. Sullivan, whose investments include AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit and several mutual funds.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I think on Monday the small -LRB- investors -RRB- are going to panic, predicted Mr. Sullivan, whose investments include AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit and several mutual funds." \SEP " I hope on Monday The small -lRB- researchers -RRb- areGoing to sell, predictedMr. Sullivan, whose investments involve AMR Inc. 'S American Airlines units and several Mutual funds."\SEP )

Input: And I think institutions are going to come in and buy...
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I think institutions are going to come in..." \SEP " And I thinks institutions areGoing to buy..." \P )

Input: Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash, but no one got discouraged, and we gained that back -- and more.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mrs. Crump said her Ashwood Investment Club's portfolio lost about one-third of its value following the Black Monday crash, but no one got discouraged." \SEP " Mrs.Crump said we gained that back -- and more." \P )

Input: But Robert Showalter, an official of the association, said no special bulletins or emergency meetings of the investors'clubs are planned.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But Robert Showalter, an official of the association, said no special bulletins of the investors'clubs are planned." \SEP " But Robert showalter,an official ofthe association, denied no emergency meetings of the Investors'clubs were planned." )

Input: Not everyone is reacting so calmly, however, and many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday's slide, reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Not everyone is reacting so calmly, however." \SEP " many wonder about the long-term implications of what is widely viewed as the cause of Friday's slide, reluctance by banks to provide financing for a buy-out of UAL Corp., parent of United Airlines." \P )

Input: Sara Albert, a 34-year-old Dallas law student, says she's generally skittish about the stock market and the takeover activity that seems to fuel it.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sara Albert, a 34-year-old Dallas law student, says she's generally skittish about the stock market." \SEP " Sara Albert, a 34.-year-long Dallas law Student, says her general skittishly about the takeover activity that seems to fuel it." \P )

Input: I have this feeling that it's built on sand, she says, that the market rises but there's no foundation to it.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have this feeling that it's built on sand, she says, that the market rises." \SEP " there's no foundation to it." \P )

Input: She and her husband pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash, although she still owns some Texaco stock.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" She pulled most of their investments out of the market after the 1987 crash, although she still owns some Texaco stock." \SEP " her husband pulled mostof their investments away of the markets after the1987 crash, Although she still own some Texoco stock."\SEP )

Input: Partly because of concern about the economy and partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school, I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Partly because of concern about the economy, I think at this point we want to be a lot more liquid." \SEP " partly because she recently quit her job as a legal assistant to go to school, I thinks at this time we wantto be a whole more liquid. \SEB )

Input: Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash and, to his regret, never went back even as the market soared.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Mr. Greenberg got out just before the 1987 crash." \SEP "Mr. Greenberg never went back even as the market soared." \P )

Input: Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday, but mostly through mutual funds.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Small investors have tiptoed back into the market following Black Monday, but mostly through mutual funds." \SEP )

Input: Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat but not whole hog like they were two years ago, says Leslie Quick Jr., chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Discount brokerage customers have been in the market somewhat like they were two years ago, says Leslie Quick Jr., chairman of the Quick & Reilly discount brokerage firm." \SEP " Discount brokerage customers are been not whole hog like theyWere two years old, saysLes Quick Jr., chairmanof the Quick& Reilly discount discount brokerage company." \P )

Input: But it's not only the stock market that has some small investors worried.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Alan Helfman, general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston, said he and his mother have some joint stock investments, but the overall economy is his chief worry.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Alan Helfman, general sales manager of a Chrysler dealership in Houston, said the overall economy is his chief worry." \SEP COORDINATIONAL("Alan Helfman, general sales managers of a Dodge dealership inHouston, said he have some joint stock investments."\SEP " Alan Helfer,general sales managerof a Chrysler dealer in Houston was said his mother have some jointly stock investments. \SEPs ))

Input: And I can tell you that a high roller isn't going to come in tomorrow and buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" And I can tell you that a high roller isn't going to come in tomorrow." \SEP " And I know that a low roller is not going to buy a Chrysler TC by Maserati." \SP )

Input: And, finally, there were the gloaters.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Everything, said Pascal Antori, an Akron, Ohio, plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago and stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Everything, said Pascal Antori, an Akron, Ohio, plumbing contractor who was visiting Chicago." \SEP " Everything, was Pascal Antor,an Akron,Ohio, plumbing contractors who was stopped by Fidelity Investments'LaSalle Street office." \P )

Input: Compaq Computer Corp.'s long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market, especially Zenith Electronics Corp., the current market leader, and on a swarm of promising start-ups.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq Computer Corp.'s long-awaited entry today into the notebook field is expected to put immediate heat on others in the market, especially Zenith Electronics Corp., the current market leader,." \SEP " Compaq computer Corp.'s recent entry today enters the notebook fields is expected on a swarm of promising start-ups." \P )

Input: One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard-sized computer called a notepad, and two others have introduced even smaller palmtops.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" One manufacturer already has produced a clipboard-sized computer called a notepad." \SEP " two others have introduced even smaller palmtops." \P )

Input: But those machines are still considered novelties, with keyboards only a munchkin could love and screens to match.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But those machines are still considered novelties, with keyboards only a munchkin could love." \SEP " But those Machines are still consider novelties, with screens to match." \P )

Input: Analysts say they're faster and carry more memory than anything else of their size on the market -- and they're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts say they're priced aggressively at $ 2,400 to $ 5,000." \SEP COORDINATIONAL("Analysts say They're faster than anything else of their size on the market." \P " Analysts says they carry more memory than anything other of theirsize on the markets." \S ))

Input: All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds and fits comfortably into most briefcases.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" All of this comes in a machine that weighs only six pounds in most briefcases." \SEP " All of these comes in the machine that fits comfortably into most briefcase." \SP )

Input: In recent months, Compaq's competition, including Zenith, Toshiba Corp., Tandy Corp. and NEC Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same and that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In recent months, Compaq's competition, including Zenith, Toshiba Corp. all have introduced portables that weigh approximately the same." \SEP " In recent times, Compaqu's Competition, includingZenith, companies that are called notebooks -- perhaps misleadingly." \NONE

Input: Instead of a keyboard, it features a writing surface, an electronic pen and the ability to read block printing.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Instead of a keyboard, it features a writing surface." \SEP " Instead of the keyboard,it features an electronic pen." \SP " Unlike of a keyboards, it includes the ability to read block printing." \P )

Input: At 4 1\/2 pounds, it may be too ambitiously named, but it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At 4 1\/2 pounds, it may be too ambitiously named." \SEP " it nevertheless opens up the kind of marketing possibilities that make analysts froth." \P )

Input: Atari Corp.'s Portfolio, introduced in Europe two months ago and in the U.S. in early September, weighs less than a pound, costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries, yet has the power to run some spreadsheets and word processing programs.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Atari Corp.'s Portfolio, introduced in Europe two months ago, weighs less than a pound, costs a mere $ 400 and runs on three AA batteries, yet has the power to run some spreadsheets." \SEP " Atari Inc. 'S Portfolio, introduced in European two months last, weighs slightly than a pounds, costs less than the pound, and runson three AA battery, yet does the power of run some word processing programs." \SP " ATari Corp.'sPortfolio, launched in the U.S. in early September, weighs about a pound ; costs a simple $ 400 but has the Power to run most spreadsheets and word processing Programs." \P )

Input: Poquet Computer Corp., meanwhile, has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that can run Lotus 1-2-3 and other sophisticated software programs, but costs five times as much.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Poquet Computer Corp., meanwhile, has introduced a much more sophisticated palmtop that costs five times as much." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Poqu Computer Corp., meanwhile, has introduced software that can run Lotus 1-2-3 software programs." \P " Poquet computer Corp., meanwhile, its introduced a software that could run other sophisticated software programs. \P ))

Input: Whether it's $ 5 billion or $ 3.5 billion, it doesn't matter.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Whether it's $ 5 billion, it doesn't matter." \SEP " Whether it $ 3.5 billion, It does n' matter." )

Input: Size and weight considerations also have limited screen displays.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Size considerations also have limited screen displays." \SEP " weight considerations also include limited screen display." \SP )

Input: Toward that end, experts say the real battle will take place between center-stage players like Toshiba, Zenith and now Compaq.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Compaq's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc., which introduced in June a computer that, like Compaq's, uses an Intel 286 microprocessor and has a hard disk drive.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq's new machines are considered a direct threat to start-up firms like Dynabook Inc., which introduced in June a computer that, like Compaq "s, uses an Intel 286 microprocessor." \SEP " Compaq�s new devices are considered to start the start-ups firms like Dockerabook INC., who introduced inJune a computer which, likecompaq 'S, has a hard disk drive." \P )

Input: But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy and costs more than Compaq's.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But the Dynabook product is twice as heavy." \SEP " But the company costs more than Compaq's." \P )

Input: Compaq's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith, which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market but recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie. des Machines Bull, the French government-owned computer maker.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq's announcement also spells trouble for Zenith, which last year had 28 % of the U.S. laptop market." \SEP " Compaqu's announcements also spells Trouble for ZenITH, which recently agreed to sell its computer business to Cie. des Machines Bull, the French government-owned computer maker." \P )

Input: Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale, a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith's share and sales.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Zenith holders will vote in December on the proposed $ 635 million sale, a price that could slip because it is pegged to Zenith's share of sales." \SEP " Zenith holder will vote on the planned $ 6 35 million sale, a price That could slip if it is peg to ZenITH's sales."\SEP )

Input: Rod Canion, Compaq's president and chief executive officer, notes pointedly that Zenith's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk, whereas Compaq's new machines use the more common 3 1\/2-inch disk.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rod Canion, Compaq's president, notes pointedly that Zenith's $ 2,000 MinisPort uses an unconventional two-inch floppy disk, whereas Compaq leaders's new machines use the more common 3 1\/2-inch disk." \SEP " Rod Canions, Compaqu's chief executive officer, notes pointingly thatZenith 'S $ two,000 minisPort use an unconventional three-inch floating disk, Whereas Compaq officials use the most common 3 2\/ 2-inch disc." \P )

Input: I can't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who won't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq and a stopper for everyone else, says Gene Talsky, president of Professional Marketing Management Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I can't imagine that you 'll talk to anyone who won't tell you this is dynamite for Compaq, says Gene Talsky, president of Professional Marketing Management Inc." \SEP " I ca f imagine that your 'll ask to anyone whom wo n' tell you it is a stopper for everyone else, saysGene Talskey, presidentof Professional Marketing management Inc." )

Input: Compaq's machines include the 3 1\/2-inch floppy disk drive, a backlit screen that is only 1\/4-inch thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words, almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Compaq's machines include the 3 1\/2-inch floppy disk drive, a backlit screen that is only 1\/4-inch thick and an internal expansion slot for a modem -- in other words, almost all the capabilities of a typical office machine." \SEP )

Input: Others undoubtedly will follow, but most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Others undoubtedly will follow." \SEP " most analysts believe Compaq has at least a six-month lead on the competition." \P )

Input: Toshiba's line of portables, for example, features the T-1000, which is in the same weight class but is much slower and has less memory, and the T-1600, which also uses a 286 microprocessor, but which weighs almost twice as much and is three times the size.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A third model, marketed in Japan, may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990, but by then, analysts say, Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A third model, marketed in Japan, may hit the U.S. by the end of the first quarter of 1990." \SEP " by then, analysts say, Compaq will have established itself as one of three major players." \P )

Input: International Business Machines Corp., analysts say, has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market and shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" International Business Machines Corp., analysts say, has been burned twice in trying to enter the laptop market." \SEP "International Business Machines Corporation., executives say, shows no signs of trying to get into notebooks anytime soon." \P )

Input: Honeywell Inc. and International Business Machines Corp. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell Inc. received Air Force contracts to develop integrated circuits for use in space." \SEP " International Business Machines Corp. receivedAir Force contractsto develop integrated circuit for use on space."\SEP )

Input: Honeywell's contract totaled $ 69.7 million, and IBM's $ 68.8 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Honeywell's contract totaled $ 69.7 million." \SEP " IBM's $ 68.8 million."\SEP )

Input: The index, which registered 156.8 at the end of September, has a base of 100 set in 1983 and isn't seasonally adjusted.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The index, which registered 156.8 at the end of September, has a base of 100 set in 1983 and isn't seasonally adjusted." \SEP )

Input: Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year, outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second, revised goal of 5.8 %.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Prices have risen 5.9 % in the first nine months of the year, outstripping both the initial 3 % inflation goal set by the government of Socialist Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and the second, revised goal of 5.8 %." \SEP )

Input: Japan's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier and were up 0.4 % from the previous month, the Bank of Japan announced Friday.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Japan's wholesale prices in September rose 3.3 % from a year earlier, the Bank of Japan announced Friday." \SEP " Japan 'S wholesale prices for September were up 0.4 % from the previous month, theBank of Japan announcing Friday."\SEP )

Input: And among the issues hitting new highs were Detroit Edison Co. and Niagara Mohawk Power Corp.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co., Westinghouse Electric Corp., Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp., the big insurer.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other major issues hitting highs included American Telephone & Telegraph Co., the big insurer." \SEP " Others major issues hit highs included Westinghouse Electric Corp., Exxon Corp. and Cigna Corp.." \P )

Input: Other new lows included Navistar International Corp., Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp., all of which are included in the industrial average.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Other new lows included Navistar International Corp., all of which are included in the industrial average." \SEP " Other new highs included Union Carbide Corp. and Bethlehem Steel Corp., all of whom are excluded in the Industrial average."\SEP )

Input: Shares of Rally's Inc., an operator of fast-food restaurants, closed at $ 17 each, up from its $ 15 offering price and shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc., a health-care consultant, closed at $ 14.125, up from its $ 12 offering price.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shares of Rally's Inc., an operator of fast-food restaurants, closed at $ 17 each, up from its $ 15 offering price." \SEP " shares of Employee Benefit Plans Inc.., a health-care consultant,closed at $ 14.125, upfrom its $ 12 offering price. \SEB )

Input: Jaguar, the London Stock Exchange and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are being notified of the transactions, the company said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Jaguar are being notified of the transactions, the company said." \SEP " the London Stock Exchange are being notify of the events, the man said."\SEP COORDINATIONAL(" the U.S. Securities Commission are being notifications of the Transactions, the city said."}\SEP'the U.-S. Exchange Commission arebeing notified ofThe transactions,The company said. \SEPs ))

Input: That's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares or put up more cash to enhance the collateral backing their loans.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That's because their brokers can require them to sell some shares in order to enhance the collateral backing their loans." \SEP " That's because Their brokers can demand them to put up more cash to enhance their collateral backing Their loans." )

Input: But some big brokerage firms said they don't expect major problems as a result of margin calls.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Margin calls since Friday have been higher than usual, but reasonable, a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Marginal calls since Friday have been higher than usual, a spokesman for Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said." \SEP " Margin calls since Saturday have been reasonable, a spokeswoman for She Carson LehmanHutton Inc. said." )

Input: The Garden City, N.Y., car-rental company said it won't renew contracts with NWA Inc.'s Northwest Airlines unit, Pan Am Corp.'s Pan American World Airways unit and Midway Airlines at the end of this year.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The Garden City, N.Y., car-rental company said it won't renew contracts with NWA Inc.'s Northwest Airlines unit at the end of this year." \SEP " The Garden city, N,Y. automobile-rentals company saidit wo nt renew contracts from Pan Am Corp.''s Pan American World Airways unit at at the beginning of thisyear." \SP "The Garden City, N.y., Car-rential company announced it wo w't renew agreements with Midway Airlines at the ending of this Year." \P )

Input: But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit and Delta Air Lines.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But it remains involved in programs with AMR Corp.'s American Airlines unit." \SEP " But it stays involved in program with Delta Air Lines." \P )

Input: Industry estimates put Avis's annual cost of all five programs at between $ 8 million and $ 14 million.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A spokesman for Avis wouldn't specify the costs but said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A spokesman for Avis wouldn't specify the costs." \SEP " A spokesman of Avis said the three airlines being dropped account for far less than half of the total." \P )

Input: Budget Rent a Car Corp., of Chicago, and National Car Rental Systems Inc., of Minneapolis, both said they had no plans to follow suit.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Budget Rent a Car Corp., of Chicago, both said they had no plans to follow suit." \SEP " National Car Rental Systems Inc., the Minneapolis, both made they had little plans to following suit."\SEP )

Input: In fact, Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs, in which renters earn frequent-flier miles and fliers can get car-rental discounts.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In fact, Budget indicated it saw some benefit to staying involved in these programs, in which renters earn frequent-flier miles." \SEP " In fact, Budget indicated itself saw some benefits to staying involvement in these Programs, inwhich fliers can get car-rental discounts." \P )

Input: I can not see how this news by Hertz and Avis can not benefit Budget's programs, said Bob Wilson, Budget's vice president, marketing planning.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I can not see how this news by Hertz can not benefit Budget's programs, said Bob Wilson, Budget "s vice president, marketing planning." \SEP " I can't see how that news by Avis can notbenefit Budget 'S programs, more Bob Wilson, Budget ''s vice president, marketing planning. \SEB )

Input: Northwest and Midway are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Northwest are two of the five airlines with which Budget has agreements." \SEP " Midway are two among the five agencies with which budget has agreements. \SEPs )

Input: National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines, including Delta and USAir Group Inc.'s USAir unit.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" National also participates in the Northwest frequent-flier program along with four other airlines, including Delta Group Inc.'s USAir unit." \SEP " National also participated in the Southwest frequent-ferlier program together with four others, including USAir Group Inc.'sUSAir unit. \SEB )

Input: A month ago, Hertz, of Park Ridge, N.J., said that it would drop its marketing agreements at year end with Delta, America West and Texas Air Corp.'s Continental Airlines and Eastern Airlines, and that pacts with American Airlines, UAL Inc's United Airlines and USAir also would be ended... sometime after Dec. 31.
Prediction: NONE

Input: At the time, Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At the time, Hertz said its annual fees to those airlines amounted to $ 20 million and that the value of redeemed awards topped $ 15 million." \SEP )

Input: Analysts and competitors, however, doubt the numbers were that high.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts, however, doubt the numbers were that high." \SEP " competitors, however, doubt theNumbers were that close." \SP )

Input: Robert D. Cardillo, Avis vice president of marketing, said, The proliferation and costs attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Robert D. Cardillo, Avis vice president of marketing, said, The proliferation attached to -LCB- frequent-flier programs -RCB- have significantly diminished their value." \SEP " Robert D. Cardillo, Avis Vice president of advertising, said, The costs attached to USLCB.- frequent- flier program -RCb- have substantially diminished their Value." \P )

Input: This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis, said Charles Finnie, car-rental industry analyst at Alex. Brown & Sons.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" This year has been difficult for both Hertz and Avis, said Charles Finnie, car-rental industry analyst at Alex. Brown & Sons." \SEP )

Input: They've been looking to get their costs down, and this is a fairly sensible way to do it, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" They've been looking to get their costs down, he said." \SEP " this is a fairly sensible way to do it, he says." \P )

Input: I have every intention of making this the best possible show and having it run one hour is the best way to it, said Rod Perth, who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" I have every intention of making this the best possible show, said Rod Perth, who was named vice president of late night entertainment in August." \SEP " having it run one hour is the best way to it, said rod Perth, whom was namedvice president of early night entertainment from August." )

Input: But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes and begin at 1:30 a.m.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But CBS News will extend its four-hour Nightwatch by 30 minutes." \SEP " But CBSnews will begin at 1:30 a.m." \P )

Input: The show, despite a promising start, has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co., finishing far below Tonight on NBC, a unit of General Electric Co., and Nightline on ABC-TV, a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The show, despite a promising start, has slipped badly in the weekly ratings as compiled by A.C. Nielsen Co., finishing far below Tonight on NBC, a unit of General Electric Co.." \SEP " The show, despite a promise start, is slipping badly in television ratings as it finishes far below Nightline on ABC-TV, a units of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc." \P )

Input: Tandem Computers Inc., preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business, said it expects to post higher revenue and earnings for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30.
Prediction: COORDINATION("andem Computers Inc., preparing to fight with International Business Machines Corp. for a piece of the mainframe business, said it expects to post higher revenue for its fiscal fourth quarter ended Sept. 30." \SEP "andem Computgers Inc., preparing to battle with International business Machines Corp. for a pieces of the primaryframe business, said it expected to post lower earnings for its Fiscal fourth quarter end Sept.30." \P )

Input: Tandem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION("andem said it expects to report revenue of about $ 450 million." \SEP " Tower said it expect to report earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share." \P )

Input: In the year-earlier period, Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million, or 31 cents a share, on revenue of $ 383.9 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the year-earlier period, Tandem reported net income of $ 30.1 million, or 31 cents a share, on revenue of $ 383.9 million." \SEP )

Input: Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino, Calif., company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Analysts have predicted that the Cupertino, Calif., company will report revenue of $ 430 million to $ 460 million and earnings of 35 cents to 40 cents a share." \SEP )

Input: Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges, networks of automatic tellers and other complex computer systems.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Tandem makes fault-tolerant computers -- machines with built-in backup systems -- that run stock exchanges." \SEP " Tandem does fault-torolerant people -- machines that run networks of automatic tellers." \SP " Tower makes Fault-tonerant computers - machines with build-in backups systems -- That run other complex computer systems." \P )

Input: But Mr. Treybig questions whether that will be enough to stop Tandem's first mainframe from taking on some of the functions that large organizations previously sought from Big Blue's machines.
Prediction: NONE

Input: The answer isn't price reductions, but new systems, he said.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The answer isn't price reductions, he said." \SEP " The answer Isn't new systems, he says." \P )

Input: It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit and it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" It is forcing the Federal Reserve to ease its grip on credit." \SEP " it took the wind out of a previously irrepressible dollar." \P )

Input: The resulting decline in interest rates and the value of the dollar could reinvigorate American business -- indeed, the entire economy.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The resulting decline in interest rates could reinvigorate American business -- indeed, the entire economy." \SEP " The subsequent decline in the value of the dollar could reinvanigorateAmerican business -- Indeed, the whole economy." )

Input: Its spasms can't be traced to fundamental business conditions, nor do they appear to presage major shifts in the economy.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth, damage business confidence and discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Sharply falling stock prices do reduce consumer wealth." \SEP " Sharply fallen stock prices damage business confidence." \P "Sharply falling Stock prices discourage the foreign investors upon whom the U.S. now relies for financial sustenance." \SP )

Input: But if the stock market doesn't continue to plummet, the beneficial effects of lower interest rates and a lower dollar may well dominate.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" But if the stock market doesn't continue to plummet, the beneficial effects of lower interest rates may well dominate." \SEP " But if that stock market isn't continuing to plummet, the beneficial effect of a lower dollar may well dominating." \P )

Input: But the experience of the 1987 crash suggests the Fed is likely to bring down short-term interest rates in its effort to calm markets.
Prediction: NONE

Input: That wasn't the case in 1987, when the dollar was so weak that some economists and government officials seriously worried that it might collapse, producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" That wasn't the case in 1987, when the dollar was so weak that some economists seriously worried that it might collapse, producing panic among foreign investors and diminishing the flow of foreign capital to the U.S.." \SEP " That was no't thecase in 1987, when the currency was so strong that some government officials seriously worriedThat it might fall, producing Panic among foreign investment and diminishingThe flow of external capital tothe U.s.."\SEP )

Input: Another big difference between 1987 and 1989 isn't so comforting.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly and for a short period of time, recalls Mr. Zarnowitz, a longtime student of business cycles.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Consumer spending did drop in the months following Black Monday 1987 -- but only slightly, recalls Mr. Zarnowitz, a longtime student of business cycles." \SEP " Consumer spending was not drop for a short period of time, recallsMr.Zarnowitz, a longtimestudent of business cycle." \P )

Input: -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe and less prolonged than some had feared or expected.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" -LCB- The effects -RCB- were much less severe than some had feared or expected." \SEP " -LCb- Theeffects -RCb- were far less prolonged than some have feared orexpected." \SP )

Input: Today, he frets, exports and business investment spending may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week and if consumers retrench in reaction.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Today, he frets, exports may be insufficient to pick up the slack if stock prices sink this week or if consumers retrench in reaction." \SEP " Today, his frets, business investment spending may be inadequate to pick down the slack when stock prices sinks this week and if consumer retrenchin reaction."\SEP )

Input: But, in the process, the Fed risks reigniting inflation.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Even before Friday's events, Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed won't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets, banks and highly leveraged corporations.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Even before Friday's events, Harvard University economist Benjamin Friedman was arguing that the Fed won't be able to live up to its tough words on eliminating inflation because of its responsibility to protect fragile financial markets." \SEP " Even before Monday's event, HarvardUniversity economist Benjamin Milton was arguingthat the Fedwon't face up to those tough words of eliminating inflation Because of its obligation to protect banks." \SP " Already before Friday '[s events, Harvard University economists Benjamin Friedman were arguing that it wo nt be able can live upto its toughwords on eliminatingflation because of the responsibility to guard highly leveraged corporations." \P )

Input: The economy does, however, depend on the confidence of businesses, consumers and foreign investors.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The economy does, however, depend on the confidence of businesses." \SEP " The economy do, however, depend on what of consumers." \SP " the economy does, however, depends on theconfidence of foreign investors." \P )

Input: A 190-point drop isn't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over, though, and it will.
Prediction: NONE

Input: And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well, the dollar's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Two years ago, about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash and the subsequent Depression.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Two years ago, about the only point of comparison was the 1929 crash." \SEP " Two years yesterday, about what point of compare was the subsequent Depression." \P )

Input: This could be the first of five or six down quarters.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" These could be the first of five down quarters." \SEP " This could be a first of six down quarters. \SEPs )

Input: Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals, the company still has a big stake in polyethylene, which is used in packaging and housewares.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Though Dow has aggressively diversified into specialty chemicals and pharmaceuticals, the company still has a big stake in polyethylene, which is used in packaging." \SEP " Though Dow had aggressively diversification into specialty chemical and pharmaceutical businesses, the man still hasa big stake on polyethylENE, which was used in housewares." \P )

Input: Analysts'third-quarter estimates for the Midland, Mich., company are between $ 3.20 a share and $ 3.30 a share, compared with $ 3.36 a year ago, when profit was $ 632 million on sales of $ 4.15 billion.
Prediction: NONE

Input: You will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even or slightly better, says James Wilbur, a Smith Barney analyst.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" You will find the commodities off more than the others and the diversified companies about even better, says James Wilbur, a Smith Barney analyst." \SEP " You will start the commodities on more than The others or the diversification companies about slightly better, said James WilBur, aSmith Barney analyst. )

Input: Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments, fibers and polymers.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Du Pont Co. is thought to have had steady profit growth in white pigments." \SEP " Du Pont co. is believed to have been had steadyprofit growth in fibers." \EP "Du Pont Co.- is thought by have had constant profit growth on polymers." \P )

Input: In the 1988 third quarter, the company earned $ 461 million, or $ 1.91 a share, on sales of $ 7.99 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter, the company earned $ 461 million, on sales of $ 7.99 billion." \SEP " In the1988 thirdquarter, the companies earned $ 1.91 a share, onSales of $ seven.99 million." \P )

Input: Monsanto Co., too, is expected to continue reporting higher profit, even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe and the western U.S..
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Monsanto Co., too, is expected to continue reporting higher profit, even though its sales of crop chemicals were hurt in the latest quarter by drought in northern Europe." \SEP " Monsanto co.,too, isexpected to continue posting higher profit, even though Its sales ofcrop chemicals were hit in the last quarter by lack in the western U.S.." \P )

Input: Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year, but Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Searle continued to operate in the red through the first half of the year." \SEP " Monsanto has said it expects Searle to post a profit for all of 1989." \P )

Input: Most estimates for Monsanto run between $ 1.70 and $ 2 a share.
Prediction: NONE

Input: A year ago, the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million, or $ 1.67 a share, on sales of $ 2.02 billion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" A year ago, the company posted third-quarter profit of $ 116 million, on sales of $ 2.02 billion." \SEP " A year yesterday, The company postedthird-quarter Profit of $ 1.67 a share, on sale of $ two.02 million." \P )

Input: But the commodity-chemical producers are caught on the downside of a pricing cycle.
Prediction: NONE

Input: By some accounts on Wall Street and in the industry, the inventory reductions are near an end, which may presage firmer demand.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" By some accounts on Wall Street, the inventory reductions are near an end, which may presage firmer demand." \SEP " by some accounts in the industry, theinventory reductions are nearly an end, which may Presage firMER demand." )

Input: But doubters say growing production capacity could keep pressure on prices into the early 1990s.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont faces lower prices for its mainstay product, polypropylene, while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply and develop new uses for polypropylene, whose markets include the packaging and automobile industries.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shimont faces lower prices for its mainstay product, polypropylene, while it goes forward with a heavy capital investment program to bolster its raw material supply." \SEP COORDINATIONAL(" Shimront faces lower costs for its primarystay product, polypropiopylene, While it goes ahead with a heavily capital investment campaign to develop new uses for polypropane, whose markets include the packaging industries." \P " Shimont Faces lower pricesfor its mainsource product,polypropylene, while it moves forward with plans to developnew uses forpolypropaganda, whose market include the automobile industries."\SEP ))

Input: At Quantum Chemical Corp., New York, the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene, higher debt costs and the idling of an important plant due to an explosion.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" At Quantum Chemical Corp., New York, the trouble is lower prices for polyethylene." \SEP " At Quantum chemical Corp., New York, the trouble lies higher debt costs." \SP or the idling of an important plant due to an explosion." \P )

Input: But the estimates range from break-even to 35 cents a share.
Prediction: NONE

Input: In the 1988 third quarter, Quantum earned $ 99.8 million, or $ 3.92 a share, on sales of $ 724.4 million.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" In the 1988 third quarter, Quantum earned $ 99.8 million, on sales of $ 724.4 million." \SEP " In the1988 thirdquarter, Quantumearned $ 3.92 a share, onSales of $ seven24. 4 million."\SEP )

Input: Another big polyethylene producer, Union Carbide Corp., is expected to post profit of between $ 1 a share and $ 1.25, compared with $ 1.56 a share a year earlier, when the company earned $ 213 million on sales of $ 2.11 billion.
Prediction: NONE

Input: Himont, Quantum and Union Carbide all declined to comment.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Shimont all declined to comment." \SEP " Quantum all declined't comment."\SEP'Union Carbide all declined not comment."\)SEP )

Input: The following were among Friday's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets, with terms and syndicate manager, as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The following were among Friday's offerings and pricings in the U.S. capital markets, with terms and syndicate manager, as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report :" \SEP " The Following were among Monday's offering and pricions in the non-U.S.- capital markets, with terms or syndicate management, as compiling by DowJones Capital Markets report :"\SEP )

Input: Rated single-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor's Corp., the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated single-A-1 by Moody's Investors Service Inc., the non-callable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets." \SEP " double-A by Standard & Poor's Corp., The non- callable issue Will be sold by underwriters leading by Merrill Merrill Lynch capital Markets." )

Input: Rated Baa-1 by Moody's and triple-B-plus by S&P, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Rated Baa-1 by Moody's, the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co." \SEP " triple-B-plus by S&P, the account will be bought through underlings led byMorgan Stanley & co." \P )

Input: Among classes for which details were available, yields ranged from 8.78 %, or 75 basis points over two-year Treasury securities, to 10.05 %, or 200 basis points over 10-year Treasurys.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Among classes for which details were available, yields ranged from 8.78 %, or 75 basis points over two-year Treasury securities, to 10.05 % over 10-year Treasurys." \SEP " Among classesfor which detailsWere available, yield ranged from eight.78%-, or 80 basis pointsover two-term Treasury securities, to 200 basis points Over 10-term Treasuroys."\SEP )

Input: The agency's first strips issue, collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant, will be divided into interest-only and principal-only securities.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" The agency's first strips issue, collateralized by Freddie Mac 8 % securities pooled into a single security called a Giant, will be divided into interest-only and principal-only securities." \SEP )

Input: Freddie Mac said the principal-only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 %, assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model.
Prediction: COORDINATION(" Freddie Mac said the principal-only securities were priced at 58 1\/4 to yield 8.45 %, assuming an average life of eight years and a prepayment of 160 % of the PSA model." \SEP )

